Finding an egg  she takes care of it.
It hatches.
It thinks.
When it hatches.
Leafie is its mother.
Leafie cares him Chorok head or Greenie.
Leafie takes Greenie.
Where Greenie learns to swim and to fly from a bat and an owl.
However  Greenie still feels.
Left out because the local Mandarin ducks do not approve is crazy.
Eventually  a flock flies into the glade during autumn migration.
Greenie initially is an outcast.
Though his father was once a guard duck.
Eventually  he is welcomed.
When he out-flies all other competitors.
Leafie discovers a nest of baby weasels  indicating  getting food for her babies.
The weasel that killed Nagnae is also a mother.
Later   the weasel comes.
Greenie leaves Leafie.
Leafie  feeling and knowing  allows herself to be killed and subsequently eaten.
She s done everything.
The weasel only kills.
The baby weasels will not starve.
<EOS>
Iringannoor Bharathan Pisharody -LRB- Mohanlal  professor  a very knowledgeable man with a keen interest in the Vedas  astrology and Kathakali  author of several critical works and winner of numerous awards  is the central character of Vadakkum Nathan.
Meera is his student and murapennu.
Meera often tries to take advantage even in class.
Bharathan does not encourage it.
Both families have agreed.
A date has been fixed.
But.
The bride arrives  she realizes to her utter dismay and desolation.
The groom has disappeared.
Gloom settles.
Meera is inconsolable.
Years pass.
No one knows Bharathan s whereabouts.
Even death is not ruled out.
Then one day his mother and uncle to the holy shrines of Haridwar  Kedarnath  Rishikesh and Rudraprayag  meet Bharathan on the foothills of the Himalayas.
Unfolds the touching story of Vadakkum Nathan.
<EOS>
Set  the life of groom Mak is disturbed  by successive nightmares with a ghost woman  Mae Nak  an ancient Thai legend.
He meets his beloved fiancee Nak to acquire an antique brooch and an old abandoned house through an unscrupulous real estate agent Angel.
They decide to buy the property.
Two small-time thieves break into the house and steal their gifts and other objects.
Mak happens to see the criminals.
He chases the burglars.
They run their van.
Who falls.
The ghost Mae Nak protects the young couple.
She holds the soul of Mak.
Nak finds the remains.
They exorcise Mae Nak from Mak using the ancient brooch and release her spirit.
<EOS>
Two friends are both part of an elite diving squad  specialising in emergency deep sea salvage dives.
Lee is straight-laced and takes his duties seriously.
Kim treats the Navy.
This creates tension.
When Kang  a diving instructor and Kim s former girlfriend  is posted.
They compete.
The tension is heightened.
When Lee is promoted ahead  creating a rivalry between the two.
Kim s gung-ho approach  and the danger  leads to further problems.
He poses.
Matters come.
When an incident causes the sinking of a submarine  requiring the unit to attempt a dangerous salvage rescue of the sunken submarine.
<EOS>
Introduction  The credits are shown.
The coyote s Latin name is.
The camera then zooms to show Wile E.
Coyote pointing and then himself.
The Road Runner then pulls up and beeps  sending the Coyote into the air.
The Road Runner s name is shown.
He moves  leaving a dust cloud for Wile E.
To land in.
The chase starts.
The Coyote slowly gains  leaving Wile E.
The Road Runner dodges off the road.
The Coyote kicks up a pothole and turns the other way  successfully outrunning the bus.
However   he runs directly.
He taunts the bus.
Hurtles  he pokes his tongue back in and points worriedly at the void below him.
Then  he slams and soon suffers gravity.
The Road Runner pulls up.
Ran and beeps to get the coyote s attention.
Fueled  the Coyote climbs the mountain  but soon falls back down.
His second climb causes the entire edge.
The Coyote scrambles.
Wile E.
Climbs and prepares to chase the Road Runner  but eventually realizes he s on his way down.
He can only wince before hitting the ground a third time.
.
A simple plan - simply loading himself - leads to a simple denouement  running into the wood instead of going towards the bird.
.
Uses a grenade mounted to take out the Road Runner from above.
However   only the propeller flies.
When he sets the propeller.
The Coyote soon figures out the situation and throws the entire model airplane.
The grenade still remains  spinning behind the surprised Coyote before exploding.
.
Returning.
Uses a wedge to throw a large rock.
It results.
.
This time  Wile E.
Lays. 
However  the magnet attaches itself  electrocuting the Coyote - twice - and causing his nose to flash like a light bulb.
The Coyote unscrews his nose and gazes  looking amused.
.
The Coyote then attempts to load a cannon  but.
He pounds with a stick  the cannon fires the two items out of it  with the Coyote still hanging on to the stick.
Gravity results  and Wile E.
And the stick land  to be pounded down by the cannonball.
.
Wile E.
Now lies on top of a cliff with another.
Much larger cannon munches on more birdseed.
The Coyote turns.
The cannon downwards as he goes to light the fuse.
The cannon falls  taking the Coyote down with it.
He runs himself off and finds the cannon facing him.
Wile E.
Gropes downwards to escape the cannon s fire.
The cannon faces him again  but is now hovering right.
Wile E.
Sighs and soon realizes the inevitable  and is then swallowed.
The Road Runner moves out.
The cannon hits the ground.
Then the cannon fires  sending it back up.
Also causes the precipice to break and to fall back down.
.
Hoping to out-corner his rival  Wile E.
Greases his feet  but soon sees the edge of the cliff.
He grabs onto a saguaro and gets speared by its spines.
He cries out.
Now  he can spot the Road Runner s trajectory and leaps off.
He continues down the mountain and drops off it  and then onto the power lines seen earlier.
Wile E.
Surfs  he moves directly  complete with an approaching train.
These to stop himself  but when he reaches the ground.
Wile E.
Points happily  but now sees.
He s going coming out of it.
Wile E.
Strokes himself  barely keeping pace.
Then the camera pans up to show  NEW YORK EXPRESS / NON STOP.
The train is labeled.
The camera cuts up again  apparently enjoying the prospect of chasing his opponent 2500 miles across the United States.
<EOS>
The story is based.
This film is.
Who lives happily.
They like music very much and want to make their children musicians and singers.
He is a responsible bank employee.
He goes for financial transaction and gets money.
He is trapped and got into the attraction of beautiful Leela.
He loses the bank money and gets.
He returns  the family conditions are poor.
He is even prepared to do some dirty jobs.
His children gets encouragement and shines.
He gets out and joins the family.
<EOS>
Vikramaditya Singh is a teacher.
Where he   polishes every student s voice to make them stars.
He is not satisfied  he is looking for a special person.
Vikramaditya is a famous singer himself.
His heart longs.
If worked on  would be a masterpiece who would be known.
He accidentally meets Tina.
Who has a magical voice.
He learns.
When she sings a prayer.
Vikramaditya decides to take her.
Where she can pay more attention.
She falls with him.
Vikramaditya improves Tina s talent.
Slowly  he moulds her.
She emerges a star.
He starts feeling jealous.
When he discovers Tina s success.
He is not able to take  so he starts competing with her.
She is better than he is.
He starts breaking her confidence  then dominates and overpowers her.
Later  Vikramaditya realizes his mistake and compensates by letting her sing at a concert.
Was dedicated entirely  risking his own career.
The movie ends to a teenage girl.
<EOS>
In the sleepy mining town of Valentine Bluffs  a methane gas explosion at Hanniger Coal Mine trapped five miners in a shaft.
When the foremen left early to attend the town s Valentine s Day dance.
Six weeks later  the sole survivor was rescued  he survived by eating his dead coworkers and ultimately went mad.
He escaped on Valentine s Day  killing and cutting out the heart of the guilty foreman  leaving a warning.
The same would happen if the town ever again held a Valentine s Day celebration.
A group of young miners and their girlfriends decide.
The town has gone long enough.
A murderous maniac in mining gear begins dispatching townsfolk in bloody and creative ways.
The town sheriff and mayor quickly deduce.
It must be Harry Warden  who was returned  though their attempts to confirm Warden s status are hindered.
The young adults continue with their plans for a dance  laughing off the stories of the murderous Harry Warden.
Finally the night is reached.
A group decides to venture to explore and impress the women.
The Miner dispatches off several partiers.
Realizing T.
A killer is.
J.
And Axel go.
Who both men love.
The Miner has indeed followed them  killing most of the group  Happy was pick  and Sylvia.
Axed through his eyes  and dragged him  later on he also kills John by putting his head on the hot pot.
Who was hanged.
Hollis saw.
He was killed using the nail Gun.
He falls off  forcing Howard  T.
J.
Axel  Sarah and Patty to try to escape.
J was separated   Patty is murdered with an pick axe.
Sarah and Patty searching.
Sarah stumbles and runs.
J founds her.
The Mayor and Sheriff find out.
Harry Warden died 5 years ago and are preparing to lead a group into the mines.
The Miner attacks T.
J.
And Sarah eventually is forced into an abandoned shaft.
Where the integrity is in doubt.
The Miner is revealed to be not Warden  but Axel.
A flashback reveals.
He witnessed the murder  by Harry Warden when he was a boy.
The ceiling then collapses  burying Axel alive.
Only his arm is visible.
It is soon discovered.
Rescue efforts are taken.
Axel has cut off his own arm to escape.
J.
Sarah and the police watch.
The deranged and delusional Axel tells T.
J.
He will be waiting.
Axel runs deeper.
He is coming.
He warns them.
He and Harry will be coming back and asks Sarah to be his Bloody Valentine.
The film ends  Harry Warden made.
Axel runs deeper.
You pay.
The screen fades.
The audience can hear the sound  but he stops.
The credits roll.
<EOS>
Doorways centers with a mysterious and feral woman known only as Cat.
Who is being investigated.
Thomas learns.
Cat is.
She is trying to find a ` Door  to get back home.
Thomas and Cat eventually locate a ` Door  and land  all the while being chased by Cat s enemies  the servants of the Dark Lord.
<EOS>
Thenali is a man.
Who fears anything and everything.
Dr Panchabhootham and his assistant   are jealous.
Who are the doctors treating Thenali.
They decide to derail Dr Kailash s success.
Dr Kailash heads to his home in Kodaikanal on a vacation with his wife Jalaja and his two children.
Dr Kailash tells Thenali to wait.
After the vacation can begin.
Panchabhootham asks to go meet Kailash while on vacation.
The expected happens.
Thenali falls with Janaki  the younger sister of Dr Kailash.
Was vehemently opposed.
The whole film is.
Dr Kailash goes mad and even begins to suspect that his wife has an affair with Thenali.
She has a soft corner.
He even tries to kill Thenali.
Thenali removes and puts it.
Dr Kailash  seeing this  suffers a paralytic attack.
Evantually  Thenali marries Janaki and cures Dr Kailash by bringing Meena  B.
H.
Abdul Hameed and K.
S.
Ravikumar and makes Meena act.
<EOS>
Long ago ruled.
It was bitchin .
Menlo Schwartzer was a high school genius.
Who hated surfers.
He invented a weird soft drink  involved local businessmen and set out to rule the coast.
He nearly succeeded.
This is the story.
Deep plots to rid the beaches of his greatest enemies  surfers.
Having been driven  Menlo concocts an addictive chemical agent.
Turns its drinkers.
Menlo distributes the chemical under the guise of Buzzz Cola.
One begins to build an army of brainless zombie slaves to do his bidding.
Airheaded surfer dudes.
Several fall victim to Buzzz Cola.
Chuck and Bob begin to piece together the parts.
Finding no help or the bumbling efforts of the local police force  the two enlist the services of their eccentric science teacher and vow to stop Menlo for good  or else they wo nt be able to compete in the big surf contest this weekend.
<EOS>
Sol Glass owns a clothing manufacturing company struggling to survive.
Glass employs customer girls to entertain out-of-town buyers.
However  his clients have become tired and have started taking their business elsewhere.
Tommy Nelson  one  suggests.
They use their stenographers instead.
Glass decides to give it a try.
He wants to take her out.
When buyer Luther Haines sees Tommy s secretary and fiancee  Florence Flo Denny.
However  Tommy manages to steer him instead.
Later   Tommy reluctantly lets Flo go on a date with another buyer  Daniel Danny Drew.
They have a nice time together.
She is shocked.
When she finds out Danny expects sex.
A contrite Danny apologizes and tells her.
He has fallen with her.
He has to go  but telephones and writes to her regularly.
Meanwhile  Flo s friend  fellow employee and roommate  Maizee  shows her.
Tommy is cheating with Birdie.
She ends their engagement.
To keep her self-respect  Flo tells Glass.
She will not go out.
She quits.
When he threatens to fire her.
Danny returns and takes Flo.
Then  spotting Haines  he asks her to help convince the last holdout to a merger to sign an important contract  the biggest deal of his life.
She is disappointed  but agrees to do it.
She goes with Haines  but cleverly arranges with Maizee to have Haines  wife and daughter show up.
Haines has to go along.
He is conducting business  and signs the contract.
Daniel suspects  so he drives her out to the mansion of his friends.
When Haines later complains  and claims that she and Tommy are living together.
She is not as innocent as he believed.
Nobody is home.
He coaxes her inside and tries to force himself.
Flo tries to get away  but finally stops resisting.
However   Danny stops.
When she asks him if that is all she means.
Anything happens.
She leaves  only to run.
Who had followed the couple.
He also believes.
She is selling herself.
Danny  overhearing their conversation  realizes.
Flo is innocent  and forces Tommy to apologize.
Danny begs her to marry him.
He picks her up and carries her back.
She whispers.
<EOS>
How much foreign exchange British travellers can take.
<EOS>
The action is set during the.
Weslake   is working.
Who was laid off.
Weslake has one friend nicknamed ` Turtle  and is seen.
Who s homeless.
One day  Dillard   come.
Who is an amateur musician  and Ramon  an illegal immigrant who lives with his sister Maria.
The purpose is to buy off a guitar pawned earlier by Dillard.
Both have little money they re offering the pawn shop owner a stolen car radio.
It s not enough.
Instead  he offers Dillard a deal  he wants Dillard to install an alarm system.
Dillard is not thrilled but Ramon convinces him  arguing.
When the alarm system is installed  Garvey may have enough confidence to leave the shop.
They may then get an opportunity to break in and get the guitar back.
Their conversation is heard.
Who was just left with his small child.
He tells Weslake  but Weslake realizes.
He should report the plans to Garvey.
When the new alarm system is installed  Garvey may no longer find it necessary to employ him.
He will be broke again.
Weslake does nt inform his employer of the planned robbery  and instead joins Dillard  Ramon Boardwalk and Turtle in their attempted robbery.
He becomes the brain  designing a plan for breaking into the large safe in the pawn shop.
The opportunity comes very soon.
Garve announces that he s leaving the shop to his old mother.
The group then puts their plan  eventually finding out.
The big vault which is supposed to be full is empty  because Garvey was nt keeping anything inside it for years.
The whole story has a good ending  however.
He meets the would-be robbers.
Garvey is coming back drunk.
Surprisingly  he does nt realize.
They intended to rob him  and instead is happy that he s surrounded by friends.
<EOS>
Virginia is a 13 year old girl living.
Her mother was killed.
Ford has sold their horse  Twister  to a neighbor and forbidden his daughters to ride.
Still  Virginia sneaks out to see her.
We see her.
Twister dies.
Giving birth and Virginia names the foal Stormy.
Virginia continues to sneak out to care and ride him at night.
The horse grows up.
The real owner tries to train Stormy to race for his son Darrow.
Who is also Caroline s boyfriend.
The horse does nt get along well.
Blake decides to sell.
Stormy and Virginia is heartbroken because she had always considered Stormy to be her own horse  ever since she delivered him.
Eventually Ford is able to track down the person.
Who bought Stormy and he buys him back to give as a birthday present.
Meanwhile Virginia has started working.
Virginia tells her.
How much she loves horses and how riding them is a way to remember her mom.
So she tries to get Ford to understand that.
He is only crushing her spirit.
He reluctantly changes his mind and eventually starts riding and giving her lessons.
He mentions he thinks.
There is going to be a big race and tells her.
She s ready.
One day  Virginia is out riding.
She comes.
He challenges her.
Virginia barely makes it  missing the train.
That s.
When Darrow realizes that she is a better rider than he is and that he needs to do something if he s to prevent her.
So  the night kidnap Stormy and hide him in an abandoned shack by a creek.
She is distraught.
When Virginia finds out that Stormy is missing.
Her father believes.
Stormy has just escaped.
She tells her sister.
She believes Darrow stole him.
Caroline thinks.
She can find out what really happened.
He spills the beans.
She tells Virginia.
Where to find Stormy.
She runs out the house to get him  even going as far as borrowing her father s old truck to get there in time.
She finds Stormy and gets.
Where the race is about to begin.
They tell her  Let Virginia Ride.
She ca nt race because she s a few minutes late but after the whole town starts chanting.
She starts out a little behind but quickly catches up.
Darrow had been since the beginning.
He resorts.
When he sees Virginia.
He knocks her off her horse and then he hides one of the trail marker flags.
She ll get lost.
Stormy knows.
When she ca nt figure out which way to go.
He tries to tell her.
Way to go.
He turns out to be right.
She easily catches up again.
It s neck and neck and   she comes in first place.
She was the last one to start.
Darrow s father Blake convinces the MC to disqualify Virginia.
Darrow tries to accept the trophy.
Virginia notices something and tells Caroline to check it out.
She sneaks up and pulls out in front of everybody the flag.
He had hid.
He is summarily disqualified.
Virginia accepts the trophy.
Two men toss the MC into a water trough.
Virginia and her family are seen having dinner with Jessie  Blake s former trainer.
We find out.
He has just fired her.
Caroline has just broken up.
However  Virginia comments.
They are happier than they have been.
She walks outside to feed Stormy and thinks.
She could never have gotten if it was nt for her cherished memories of her mother.
<EOS>
` Bonny  is harassed back home.
A gnarled and wise oldie reminisces.
Meanwhile the college girl has had enough and announces to her bemused parents about her intention of quitting her education altogether.
Both parents are angry  a righteous honest soul decides.
She continue her studies and the father.
That will accompany his daughter on her way to and back from her college.
The next day are inevitably menaced by the goons and a battle to death ensues with both father and daughter being slaughtered by the evil goons in broad daylight with no apparent fear of police intervention.
Moments later the matriarch played arrives on the scene and wails away in typical style promising the worst vengeance upon the murderers of her daughter and her husband.
Baying  she lets out a mighty call for her son Ali Sher.
Maula Jat s mother Dani once did.
Who has extraordinary sensory capabilities.
The news reaches notorious underworld kingpin Bandial and so a deadly and obligatory blood feud between the Sher-e-Lahore and Bandial.
Who promises to unleash his own terrible vengeance.
<EOS>
Tess McGill is a working-class stockbroker s secretary.
She dreams.
Tricked into a date with his lascivious colleague  she gets into trouble by publicly insulting him and is reassigned as secretary to a new financial executive  Katharine Parker.
Seemingly supportive  Katharine encourages Tess to share ideas.
Tess suggests.
A client  Trask Industries  should invest to gain a foothold in media.
Katharine listens and says.
She ll pass it.
Later  she says.
The idea was nt well received.
But  she asks Tess to.
When Katharine breaks her leg skiing.
Tess discovers.
She plans to pass off the idea.
Tess finds her boyfriend in bed with another woman.
Disillusioned  she returns and begins her transformation.
Tess sets up a meeting  using her boss s name as an entree.
She wants to see Trainer the evening.
She will attend.
Her friend Cynthia gives her a valium from Katharine s bathroom.
When Tess suffers a panic attack.
Tess unknowingly meets Jack.
Who is fascinated.
They have a couple.
She leaves.
He wakes and  entering the meeting  realizes Jack Trainer is the man she spent the night.
She feels.
The pitch goes badly.
Back  she is mortified about the night before.
Jack comes in and says.
They are happy.
Days later  Tess and Jack gatecrash Trask s daughter s wedding and pitch their plan.
Trask is interested.
A meeting is set up.
Later Tess and Jack end up together.
Tess wants to explain her true situation but keeps quiet.
Jack has been with Katharine  which he says is all but over.
Katharine comes home.
Tess overhears Katharine asking Jack to confirm his love.
He avoids answering and hurries out.
Tess also rushes off  leaving her diary.
Katharine reads.
The meeting goes well in  accusing Tess  a mere secretary  of stealing her idea.
Tess protests but leaves  apologizing.
Days later  Tess is clearing out her desk.
When someone bumps  spiling all her notes and supplies on the floor.
Jack  Katharine  and Trask arrive.
Picking them up.
Tess confronts Katharine and starts to tell her side.
Katharine tries to lead the group away.
Jack says.
He believes Tess.
He hops off the closing elevator.
When Trask hears a convincing tidbit.
They then convince Trask.
The move was Tess s idea  showing him materials.
Trask confronts Katharine  asking her.
She came up.
She stumbles and is fired.
Trask offers Tess an entry-level job.
Tess starts her new job  armed.
Directed  she sees a woman on the phone  assumes and seats herself in the typing pool.
She is her new boss.
The woman reveals.
She is   Tess s secretary.
Tess insists they work together  showing.
She will be very different.
She then calls Cynthia.
She s landed her dream job.
<EOS>
Leo Tego is  ranting about corporations holding back the electric car and starting wars for oil.
Alejandro Venegas chats to an old man unable to find enough gas.
Han Seoul-Oh arrives and is collected by Cara Mirtha and Malo.
They drive him back.
Where his aunt Rubia is struggling.
Dominic Toretto is working.
The team then enjoy a welcome meal.
They head to a club.
Where Han and Cara flirt while Dominic meets up.
Dominic is surprised.
Relaxing afterwards.
Who has tracked him.
The two drive together.
Where they rekindle their relationship.
<EOS>
There s a rivalry between two families  the Changs and the Langs  this enmity earns power every day in the port  a place.
Where the business is very important.
The economy of the family they practice martial arts and ancient customs.
<EOS>
In the 1970s  is a Montreal-based family of the Jaiswals  consisting of mom  dad  son  Prashant  and daughter  Jasbir.
They separate  leaving Jasbir with dad  and Prashant with his mom.
Eventually Prashant and his mom travel  leaving father and daughter behind in Montreal.
Mr Jaiswal re-marries  and brings his new wife to live.
Years later  Prashant has grown up to be a pilot.
He has received a letter.
Jasbir  who had rebelled and left home  is now located with a group of hippies.
Prashant undertakes to find his sister and hopefully get her back.
He does not find Jasbir  but instead finds Janice.
When Prashant lands.
Who is indeed his sister.
Janice has no recollection  and is always in the company of.
Prashant now needs to bring Jasbir back  but.
That he will have to travel deep.
It was one.
<EOS>
Ulzana breaks out of the San Carlos Indian Reservation with a small war party.
Soon news reaches the local military commander.
Who sends messengers.
Both are ambushed and killed  to avoid capture one kills the woman and then himself.
He is escorting.
The warriors play catch.
The woman s husband   is captured and tortured.
Who stayed behind.
Army scout MacIntosh is given the job.
Joining them is a veteran sergeant and Apache scout.
Ke-Ni-Tay knows Ulzana.
Their wives are sisters.
The cavalry troop leaves Fort Lowell and soon finds evidence.
The film then focuses  facing a merciless enemy with far better local skills.
We follow the lieutenant.
MacIntosh and Ke-Ni-Tay attempt to outthink and outfight their enemies.
What to do.
Ulzana and most abandon their horses  led circuitously by two others in an attempt to tire the pursuers  heavily loaded mounts.
Ke-Ni-Tay notices.
Macintosh works out a plan escorts.
Leads. 
The lieutenant prevents his men.
The raiders attack a nearby farm  torturing the homesteaders and seizing two horses.
McIntosh realizes.
Remaining Apaches physically and psychologically need horses and will try to obtain them.
The woman  instead of being raped to death  has been left alive.
That the cavalry will be forced to send her.
Ulzana hopes to successfully attack the escort and seize its horses.
McIntosh suggests a decoy plan to make.
Ulzana falsely believe that his tactics are successful.
Ulzana s warriors ambush the small escort detachment  obtaining all and killing most of the soldiers.
DeBuin can arrive.
McIntosh is fatally wounded.
Ke-Ni-Tay scatters the captured horses.
Alert Ulzana.
Ulzana flees afoot.
The remnants are killed.
Ke-Ni-Tay confronts him and shows him the Army bugle taken.
Ulzana puts down his weapons and sings his death song.
Ke-Ni-Tay kills him.
The troopers suggest.
Ulzana  or at least his head  should be taken back.
The lieutenant orders.
Him to be buried.
MacIntosh knows.
He wo nt survive the journey back and chooses to stay behind.
<EOS>
A group  led by entomologist Dr James Atherton  head to the Amazon with the hope of discovering new species of insects and arachnids.
They approach a tree  and set up collectors on the ground.
The team then blows smoke up  and await for the results.
Slowly  creatures start falling.
One of which is a very aggressive new species.
Carries a type that causes near-instantaneous death to its victims.
The spider is captured and chloroformed  and is later revealed to be lacking sex organs  thus making it a drone  or soldier.
A nature photographer  Jerry Manley   takes a rest.
Who has been suffering a fever.
Where the spider was found.
A fertile male General spider jumps  later sneaking into his sleeping bag and biting him on the hand.
Jerry promptly has a massive tetanic seizure and dies.
The remainder take his body back to the United States  in a wooden box  with the original spider from Venezuela inside  blaming Jerry s death on the pre-existing fever.
Jerry s body arrives.
Irv Kendall does not notice the spider when he opens it.
He is disgusted to find Jerry s body desiccated  completely drained.
The spider heads outside  only to be picked.
Irv is speaking about funeral arrangements.
But  the spider manages to bite it.
The bird gets back.
It falls.
Ross Jennings is a family physician.
Who had moved from San Francisco  and faces a lack of patients due to elderly rival Sam Metcalf  who was supposed to retire and shift his patients to Ross  but decided to maintain his practice.
The spider mates spider and makes a nest in Jennings s barn  producing hundreds of infertile  but still deadly  offspring.
Ross  along Tommy  has arachnophobia  making them targets of ridicule among Molly and Shelly.
His first patient and new neighbor  Margaret Hollins  dies.
The town s residents believe.
She died despite Ross  suspicions that something else was at work since she seemed to have had seizures before her death.
Ross is known as Dr Death  having all his patients coincidentally dying after having seen him.
A football player is also killed.
Soon  Dr Metcalf himself is bitten  has a seizure and dies.
The initial suspicion is a heart attack.
Ross now has the idea.
The town could be infested.
Atherton tells them.
The spiders are soldiers  eliminating potential threats.
He also informs.
The general spider also produced a queen  which it likely mated to produce a second nest  guarded by the queen  which could produce fertile offspring.
Atherton elaborates  however   the spiders can progressively expand their territory  possibly culminating.
It was left unable to expand its territory.
That such constraints have been eliminated.
The group sets out to destroy the second nest and kill the queen and general.
Atherton is bitten and killed by the general.
He discovers the first nest s location and disturbs its web.
Ross sends Delbert to destroy the first nest.
Ross  Chris and Delbert trace the nests.
He and Chris try to help the family escape.
Spiders begin to appear all.
Ross enters.
Molly  the children  and Chris make it out.
Ross finds himself trapped.
He falls into his wine cellar  which turns out to be the spiders  second nest.
Outside  a fully equipped Delbert makes his way and begins to exterminate the baby spiders.
Back inside   Ross battles the general  attempting to destroy the second egg sac along with burning the spider to death with an aerosol can and a lighter.
However he becomes.
Trapped and when the spider is about to deliver the killing strike Ross flings the spider into the fire with a board that has fallen on his chest.
The general  now entirely engulfed  jumps out of the fire  refusing to let Ross leave the basement alive.
When the egg sac hatches.
Ross shoots it.
The projectile sends the burning spider  effectively destroying the nest with fire and ending the plague.
Delbert is able to reach Ross and get him.
Having enough along with the near-death experience  the Jennings family immediately move back to San Francisco  appreciating city life once more  despite minor tremors disrupting them.
<EOS>
Journalist Peter Reeves takes his wife Jo.
There they meet Morgan Keefe  an ex-pat Aussie.
Who owns a sleazy bar/nightspot called The Koala Klub.
Jo seeks Morgan s help.
When her husband is persecuted.
<EOS>
Dolly is a stagestruck girl.
Who gets her career petered out until she displays show-must-go-on courage.
<EOS>
Kicking his bike over  he pours gasoline  sets it alight  and watches.
It burn.
He gets on his own motorcycle and begins his journey through the French countryside before crossing into Spain  aiming to see his girlfriend in Tripoli.
Pulling off through the journey  the cop lies on his back and watches a cloud form the image of the African continent before falling asleep.
Waking up  he resumes his journey.
He pulls off for lunch and enters a small cafe.
Is devoid of people.
Bored  the waitress flicks.
They watch a U2 music video.
Resuming his journey  the cop travels until making a stop in Cadiz.
Walking  the cop attracts the attention of a woman.
Who begins to dance  while the barman serves him several drinks.
Leaving the dancer his keys  the cop goes to leave the bar  but.
He does so he looks and observes several women with moustaches dancing.
Walking alone  he makes his way down to the beach and falls asleep on the sand.
Waking up  he rents a rowboat and begins to paddle his way across the Mediterranean Sea to Tripoli.
<EOS>
The authorities are attempting to return law and order to ravaged District.
The death overlord.
Taha Ben Mahmoud has left a power vacuum.
Total control is now being fought over by five rival territorial gang lords.
Who want to step.
Damien is framed for drug dealing and arrested  but manages to make a call to Leito.
Meanwhile  corrupt government agents are bent on destroying the five tower blocks at the heart of District 13 with tactical precision bombing  and building luxury flats.
The area is cleared.
They shoot several cops  dump their car  and prompt several gang members into gunning down the vehicle.
Order to spark conflict.
The footage convinces the President to carry out the strike.
However  a group videotaped the agents.
They shot the cops themselves.
The DISS agents soon come.
The teen to arrest him and seize the recording.
The youth manages to slip his memory card.
Leito escapes the cops and goes to rescue Damien.
They discuss the events and further plans  resolving to gather enough proof to expose the DISS agents.
Leito breaks.
Damien distracts the guards.
They need.
Damien and Leito convince the five gang lords to band together to prevent the destruction.
They escape and return.
A large number storm parliament.
The French president struggles.
Gassman takes the president hostage and tries to force him to carry out the mass demolition.
When they eventually reach the president and show him the information that they acquired.
Leito  Damien  and the gang lords succeed.
The gang lords then decide.
It would be better to rebuild District 13 anew rather than try to patch up its remnants.
The movie ends.
There is a short clip showing the president  the gang lords  Damien and Leito all joking around and smoking cigars together.
<EOS>
Bhagavathi  owns a tea shop cum hotel.
He lives.
He also befriends a modern girl Anjali.
Who is a daughter.
Guna has a girl friend Priya.
Whom he accidentally develops a physical relationship.
Guna s love is objected.
Bhagavathi tries to convince the Priya s father.
To fulfill his brother s wish.
But in vain.
Guna attempts to marry Priya even.
But Priya s father collapses.
The marriage and Guna is killed.
Guna promises.
He would be forever.
Everyone comes to know.
Priya is pregnant due with Guna earlier.
Bhagavathi reminds and thinks.
His brother is going to be born again.
Meanwhile  to protect the social status  Priya s father attempts to kill the child.
It is being born.
Bhagavathi turns.
Overcoming all the hurdles put  Bhagavathi manages to protect Priya for safe birth of his brother s child with the help of Anjali  her mother and his tea shop helper Vadivelu.
<EOS>
Gordon Gekko is released from prison after serving eight years for insider trading and securities fraud.
Seven years later  Gekko is promoting his new book Is Greed Good.
Jacob is a protege  and is trying to raise money for a fusion research project.
Zabel tries to arrange a bailout from other Wall Street banks but is blocked by Bretton James  head of rival firm Churchill Schwartz.
Keller Zabel s stock loses more than 30.
Zabel had refused to bail out eight years earlier.
The next morning Zabel kills himself.
Distraught  Moore proposes marriage.
Who accepts.
Later  he approaches Gekko.
Gekko tells Jacob.
His daughter refuses to speak and that Keller Zabel s collapse started when rumours of the company having toxic debt started to spread.
Jacob and Gekko arrange a trade  Jacob will reconcile Winnie and Gekko.
Gekko will gather information to destroy Bretton.
Aided  Moore learns.
Bretton James profited.
He spreads rumors about the nationalization of an African oil field owned by Churchill Schwartz.
The company loses $ 120 million  and Bretton offers Moore a job.
He accepts determined to avenge Zabel.
Moore convinces Chinese investors to fund the fusion research.
He has been supporting.
Bretton is impressed and is also glad for the new investment.
Winnie announces.
The economy starts to crumble.
She is pregnant.
Bretton reveals.
The Chinese investment is going.
Gekko proposes a solution  using a $ 100 million trust fund account.
Gekko set up in the 1980s  to fund the research and save the company.
She signs the money over.
Who then entrusts it to legitimize the funds for investment in the fusion research company.
However  the money never arrives.
Gekko leaves the country.
Jacob realizes.
Gekko has been using him to get the money.
Distraught  Jacob confesses.
He had been secretly meeting.
Winnie then asks Jacob to leave.
She neither trusts him nor feels safe.
Moore tracks Gekko.
Where he is running a start-up financial company.
Jacob proposes one last trade  Winnie gets her money back.
Gekko gets a grandson  but Gekko refuses.
Moore pieces together everything to the economic bailout of Bretton s company and gives the information to Winnie telling her publicity and credibility.
Revealing it will bring her website.
Winnie runs the story.
Bretton James is exposed.
The investors leave Bretton and go on the back of his $.
1 billion return finds himself under intense legal scrutiny by the government.
Gekko appears and tells them.
Jacob finds Winnie.
He deposited $ 100 million.
He apologizes.
Who then reconcile.
One year later  Gekko is seen.
<EOS>
The story  loosely based  takes place in March.
When World War II was.
The cryptanalysts have a problem  the Nazi U-boats have changed one of their code reference books used for Enigma machine ciphers  leading to a blackout in the flow of vital naval signals intelligence.
The British cryptanalysts have cracked the Shark cipher once before.
They need to do it again.
Order to keep track.
The film begins.
Jericho immediately tries to see her again and finds.
She mysteriously disappeared a few days earlier.
He enlists the help  to follow the trail of clues and learn.
What has happened.
Mr Jericho and Miss Wallace   work to decipher intercepts stolen and determine.
They formally address each other.
She took them.
Jericho is closely watched.
Who plays cat and mouse throughout the film.
Meanwhile U-Boats closing convoys from America allow Jericho and the team to work on breaking back into reading Shark.
Jericho and Hester s research uncovers.
The British government s cover-up might weaken American willingness to remain in the war on the same side as Joseph Stalin.
Cryptanalyst Jozef ` Puck  Pukowski  working  learned of Katyn from Claire and was so incensed by the massacre -.
Claimed the life.
He set in order to take revenge on Stalin.
Claire is presumed dead  but Wigram and the police have been waiting.
Jericho trails Puck and catches up with him.
As he is about to be taken.
It is bombed and sunk.
A short scene sees.
Jericho and Hester married on the way.
He notices Claire walking.
Jericho waits in London.
<EOS>
Monish Rai comes  and is in love with Deviyani.
Who is poor.
Monish has to travel abroad to further his education  but promises to stay in touch with Deviyani.
Financial problems surround Deviyani and her dad.
She approaches Monish s mom  but is refused.
Her father gets her married to a much older man.
Who is also alcoholic and frequents courtesans.
Deviyani gets pregnant and gives birth.
She runs away.
She approaches a nun  Mother Mary  and leaves Suparna in her care and disappears forever.
Told. 
When Monish returns he runs  but is.
The person he has seen is a Lucknow.
Is Deviyani still alive.
<EOS>
Biraj Das  a teacher lives.
Briaj stands.
One day he witnessed Pappu Raula s goons murdering a person.
Biraj s family insist him to forget the incident.
He finally decides to inform the police.
Papu Rauls s goons threaten him to keep mum.
Get killed by the goons.
His son Priya  his journalist girlfriend Tanu and Raja  intends to kill Papu Raula.
Who is also.
Rajs s brother also killed.
The team ends up finally killing Pappu Raula and take revenge.
<EOS>
Claudia is the middle child.
She is smart and responsible  often required to help her mother.
However  weary  she decides to find something grander.
Her younger brother Jamie  along  is enlisted as her partner in crime.
They run away in New York City.
They spend their days  exploring and eavesdropping on different schools  guided tours.
They arrive.
They hide until after closing time and sleep in antique beds.
A marble statue recently auctioned off.
There they.
Frankweiler.
The striking piece is surrounded.
Many experts dispute the artist.
Who created the work  though many suppose it to be none other.
Claudia becomes determined to solve the mystery.
Claudia and Jamie spend most in searching and researching new things about the statue.
The following day  the two notice a small mark.
They find.
The mark was one that Michelangelo made.
Claudia disguises herself.
Order to make an appointment to inform them of their discovery.
Contrary  the official informs her.
They knew but are unsure if it is authentic.
Jamie  homesick  catches a cold.
Refusing to go home  Claudia suggests.
They solve the mystery.
They visit the statue s previous owner  Mrs Frankweiler.
She refuses to tell them directly  but does permit them to attempt to discover the answer.
She informs them.
They have one hour to search.
Claudia uncovers the correct file.
It contains a sketch of Michelangelo s notebooks  proving.
He is  indeed  the creator.
Finally appeased  the siblings permit Mrs Frankweiler to drive them home.
<EOS>
A number are found dead on or around the beaches of Galveston.
The one thing is.
They all have.
They were murdered when Houston Astros ace pitcher Silvio Baretto pitches and wins a night game.
Additionally  each victim had their throats slashed.
Scheider plays former minor league baseball player turned Galveston homicide detective Mike Seaver.
Seaver is a staunch Astros fan and is the only person.
Begins to realize the coincidence.
Seaver ultimately realizes.
The murderer is a disgruntled former Astros pitcher named Floyd Epps.
Epps had lost his pitching hand and now wears a hook.
He personally   blames Sil Baretto and decides.
Illogically. 
His murders will steal the headlines from his former teammate.
The penultimate scene features Seaver shooting and killing Epps.
Epps had been attempting  Roxy  but his swings of his hook prove to be as wild as his mental state.
He fails.
The final scene features Sil Barretto walking off the mound before the start of a game in the Astrodome to lead the entire stadium in a standing ovation for the newly married Seaver and Roxy.
Who are standing.
<EOS>
Bugs Bunny is vacationing and stumbles into the territory of two hillbilly brothers Curt and Punkin ` head Martin.
Foiled  Curt and Punkin ` head Martin are determined to get revenge on Bugs for their humiliation.
Bugs easily outsmarts them and eventually leads them.
The square dance song starts.
The jukebox band starts and plays.
Then Bugs deliberately unplugs the jukebox and takes before saying And that is all.
Before the cartoon ends.
<EOS>
The Hindu Mythological story is and.
She won the affection.
Veteran actor Vemuri Gaggaiah played the role.
Whereas the title role was played by Sriranjani.
<EOS>
A young woman decides to visit Venice.
She hires a secretary  a wealthy young man  to accompany her on the holiday.
Once she attracts several suitors.
Her real love is her secretary.
She returns on the express.
When she discovers he has deceived her.
He pursues her to try and declare his love.
Jung & Schatzberg p.
<EOS>
Liberty Horton  an American heiress  is kidnapped and ransomed to fund his rebellion.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Whose passion is surfing.
The friends include  Matt  a self-destructive type  Jack Barlowe  the calm and responsible one  and Leroy The Masochist Smith.
Who has a devil-may-care attitude.
Whose nickname tells a lot.
Their surfing lives are traced to their attempts of dodging the Vietnam War draft in 1965  and to the end of their innocence in.
When one is killed in Vietnam.
The three make the difficult transition to adulthood.
The friends reunite years later.
Barlowe has served time  for the Great Swell of .
The transitions in their lives becomes the end point of.
What the 1960s meant as they see that the times have changed  and what was once a time of innocence is forever gone.
<EOS>
The film is and.
He becomes king after he killed the last king  Silla -.
<EOS>
Set in the 1930s  Jackie Chan s character  Jerry Kwan leads a very easy-going life with his girlfriend  Nancy  and his family.
His father owns a restaurant.
One day  he is threatened to pay a part of his profits.
Jackie enters the scene and rushes out the door to catch up with them.
He answers back and eventually catches the eye of the mob for his unique and talented fighting abilities.
He is forced to join the Battle Creek Brawl fight in Texas.
The mob promises to return his brother s fiancee and give him the prize money.
Long as Jackie wins the tournament.
Jackie gets help.
Who trains.
They focus.
He must fight very tough opponents  one including Billy Kiss  the big  bulky  unbeatable winner from previous battles who kisses his opponents after they are defeated.
<EOS>
The documentary follows four professional ten-pin bowlers.
The Professional Bowlers Association is purchased.
<EOS>
The main character is a Chicago salesman named Ted Boynton.
Who lives and works.
Ted s cousin  Fred  a naval officer  unexpectedly comes to stay at the beginning of the film.
Fred has been sent to handle public relations on behalf of a U.
S.
Fleet scheduled to arrive later.
The cousins have a history  since childhood.
Which the film refers several times.
Ted and Fred develop relationships  and experience the negative reactions of some of the community s residents to the context of Fred s presence.
Ted also faces possible problems to physical beauty.
<EOS>
Caroline is to be wed and invites her sister Barbara to be her bridesmaid.
Barbara seduces Ralph  and marries him herself.
She gets bored and turns to highway robbery for thrills.
They continue  but some people begin suspecting her identity.
She risks death.
She continues her nefarious activities.
<EOS>
The story involves Arbuckle working.
He falls with the cashier.
Who is the daughter.
He follows her  disguised  to an all-girl boarding school.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
His sister Madhavi Amma and her children  Balan  Aniyan and Kochammini stay.
Balan is.
Menon s son.
Kesavankutty is.
The story revolves.
Menon wants his daughter to marry and to keep the family intact.
Aniyan and Balan sacrifices his love.
But the family is divided.
Kesavankutty betrays Kochammini.
Balan decides to conduct Kochammini s marriage.
He struggles to mobilise the huge dowry claimed.
But the marriage does not take place.
Springs up.
This disgrace brought in the suicide of Kochammini.
<EOS>
Captain Robert Gould Shaw leads a company from a Massachusetts Infantry Regiment in an attack on Confederate troops at the Battle of Antietam  on September 17 .
His regiment suffers heavy losses  Shaw is wounded  and later loses consciousness.
He is awakened.
Shaw is told.
Receiving medical attention.
President Lincoln is.
Shaw is promoted  and given command of the 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry  the first all-black regiment.
On leave.
He accepts  and asks his friend  Cabot Forbes  to be his.
Their first volunteer soldier is another  an educated black man named Thomas Searles.
Many more men join the regiment   a free black man named Jupiter Sharts  as well as the gravedigger Rawlins.
The company is forced to endure the unyielding strict discipline of Sergeant Major Mulcahy.
Shaw realizes.
His unit is to be used only.
Shaw confronts his commanding officers Charles Garrison Harker and James M.
Montgomery  are involved  and threatens to report them to the War Department.
Whom he finds.
The 54th infantry is not deployed.
Shaw s request is granted.
The regiment later participates where they successfully repulse a Confederate attack.
Shaw volunteers the 54th infantry to lead an assault on Fort Wagner.
He leads the men in a charge upon the fort.
Shaw attempts to rally the men forward  but is shot and killed.
Numerous other soldiers charge up the parapet and die in the fighting too.
The film s epilogue displays a series.
Fort Wagner was never taken.
It also notes.
News spurred the recruitment of numerous black volunteers.
There were more than 180000 African American men in uniform  a fact.
President Lincoln considered instrumental.
<EOS>
A year  a youthful Pope longs to be involved in ordinary people s lives again.
He was when he was a priest.
The Pope communicates with a deaf mute young girl.
Whose village has no priest.
Accidentally locked out  the Pope travels to the small impoverished and demoralized village  his identity concealed by his beard growth.
He realizes.
The people need to rebuild a dilapidated aqueduct but  more importantly  that they must regain their community spirit and.
He starts construction.
All this is watched skeptically.
Whose ill-gotten gains depend.
It has serious themes.
This movie is often classified.
What it takes and how redemption occurs.
The cry heard comes at a time.
When the young Pope is going.
He makes his way and begins to grasp his true vocation again by challenging tyranny and helping return water to the community to restore their strength.
When he locks himself out.
There is always sacrifice of those.
Who initially resist  then come.
It is a saving grace.
Even the most skeptical discover.
<EOS>
Jim Davis is an ex-Army Ranger.
Who suffers.
Jim has a Mexican girlfriend  Marta.
Whom he is determined to marry  and bring to start a life together.
Jim returns to Los Angeles.
A.
He meets up.
Mike s longtime girlfriend  Sylvia  a young attorney  is.
She encourages Jim to help Mike hand.
Jim gets drunk with Mike  forgetting all about the resumes.
The two go to visit Jim s ex-girlfriend  hoping.
A fight ensues.
When her current boyfriend shows up.
Which the boyfriend is backed up.
Jim is able to get the upper hand.
They subdue the men and rob them  including marijuana and a handgun.
When Mike produces a gun.
They later decide to sell.
Jim later leaves messages.
The next day   he finds Sylvia.
When Jim goes to visit Mike.
Jim and Mike end up wasting the day again  getting a friend to leave another message on Mike s answering machine.
They then go to try to sell the gun  but leave.
Their potential buyer is stabbed and killed.
Mike is horrified.
Jim is strangely excited.
Sylvia is furious  so Mike plays back the answering machine  unaware.
When Mike returns home drunk.
His friend did nt hang up early enough.
His voice is heard.
Sylvia is enraged and throws Mike out.
He goes and stays.
Jim gets shortlisted.
It appears.
He is going to be given a position.
Jim manages to pass the urinalysis test  but subsequently fails a polygraph test.
The only hope left  Jim eventually accepts the position but is warned  his security clearance might be revoked.
Him is a government agent working out  who appreciates Jim s ability to get things done.
He must not get married.
Meanwhile  Mike gets a job.
When a company he applies is now managed by an old friend.
Jim goes to visit Marta along.
Mike goes to visit Sylvia and tells her.
They leave.
He has a job.
She calms down.
The two make love.
Impatient  Jim goes inside and tells Sylvia.
Mike is coming with him for the weekend  as it is their last chance to hang out.
Sylvia is angry and very much  and so Jim yells at both her and Mike.
Mike decides to go to Mexico.
The trio arrive.
Where they spend a relaxing night and morning the next day  preparing that night.
Marta reveals.
She is pregnant.
Jim responds violently  threatening to punch her and shoot her in the head  in the end  this is a result of Jim s severe PTSD.
Jim reveals.
He is transporting 20 kg  much to Mike s chagrin.
Jim pulls a gun before breaking down in tears  horrified at.
When Mike protests.
What he is becoming.
Mike  filled  agrees to accompany Jim to the deal after all.
They realize.
When they arrive to sell the drugs.
One was the same man they had earlier robbed and beaten  the boyfriend of Jim s old flame.
Hostility ensues members pulling out guns  resulting in the other man s death.
The other members present plead for their lives.
Jim kills them.
A man steps out and shoots at the car with a semi-automatic shotgun  Jim is hit in the back and the side of his face  and consequently paralyzed.
Escaping. 
He urges Mike to step up and shoot him  ending his suffering.
Mike kills Jim.
The film ends.
Who was.
They embrace.
Mike breaks down.
<EOS>
Dyan Cannon plays Madie Levrington  a wealthy woman.
Who is also neurotic.
She was committed by her husband  Benjamin.
Order to keep her.
She manages to escape and   hitches a ride on a livestock truck.
The truck is driven.
She is.
This gets his attention.
He is so that he has a repo man after him to repossess his truck.
He meets up with people.
Who are out to get Madie  and gets part.
He is also slowly falling in love with her.
He even teaches her to drive the truck.
Eventually she finds the money.
He was given.
She wonders.
He got it.
He then reluctantly explains how  trying to explain.
He took it unwillingly.
She does nt believe him and ends up getting and driving off without him.
He winds up hitching a ride.
He is forced to get off the bike and jump.
When they finally find the truck.
Both are still moving  thus putting him at the beginning.
She drives the truck all the way back home.
Who is having a party.
Benjamin tries to choke her to death.
Callahan jumps out and floors him to the canvas.
Then she fingers him out.
She and Callahan get away  but not.
Where he simply concedes the truck.
<EOS>
Lars decides to leave the army.
Disillusioned and angry at his overbearing politician mother  he joins a Neo-Nazi group  discovering only later.
They practice.
He and his violently homophobic peer.
Jimmy become involved  moving from hostility through grudging admiration to friendship and finally tenderness and passion.
Jimmy s emotionally unstable.
Younger brother Patrick  already jealous that newcomer Lars quickly advanced in the Nazi group  discovers the relationship and tells Michael  the leader of the group  about it.
They beat up Lars  forcing Jimmy to do the beating  but  Jimmy stays and takes him to the isolated Nazi safe house.
When the group leaves.
They had been sharing while they renovated it.
A gay man emerges and stabs him.
The two are preparing to go away together.
Whom Jimmy had beaten severely.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Archaeologists discover a crudely-made artifact while doing an archaeological study was to be flooded following the construction of the Three Gorges Dam.
The archaeologists identify it.
Who had invented many things.
However  the crudeness has led to the artifact being rejected for every museum in China and abroad.
Thus  unwilling to destroy it  the artifact was set  continuously moving along the Yangtze River.
The story continues on  McDull  a kindergartener living in Hong Kong.
McDull s mother  Mrs Mak  decides to leave their home in Tai Kok Tsui to find fortune in the mainland.
Arriving  Mrs Mak  knowing  decides to enroll McDull in the Spring Flowers Gate  a boarding Taoist martial arts academy in the Wudang Mountains.
She can not continue to take care while trying to make a living.
She continues to ply her trade.
McDull finds it hard to fit in  being ostracized at the academy due to being a Hong Konger.
However  a mysterious Brother Panda encourages him to get closer and make new friends.
McDull eventually gets used.
Nearly all consider leaving the academy  McDull included.
When news is to take place.
McDull intends to call his mother to tell her.
He was quitting the academy.
McDull learns about his master s plight  the headmaster had been a martial arts prodigy  mastering all forms of Chinese martial arts before the age of.
The headmaster had respectfully disagreed.
When a published article star Pruce Lee that claims that Chinese martial arts was on decline and was more suited for show than actual combat.
A war was exchanged.
The two agreed together.
However   the battle   was held at the Sham Chun River  the border between Hong Kong and Shenzhen.
Would be later known.
The two battled all night.
The match was eventually stopped.
Returning home  the headmaster had strongly believed.
He had lost the encounter  and thus went  trying to modernize Taoist Kung Fu with little success.
He then turned his attentions.
McDull  moved  decides to return to training  and calls his mother to tell her to attend the competition.
Eventually  the day arrives.
McDull notices his friend.
Who had enrolled.
Meanwhile  the headmaster has also received a revelation   the headmaster of a rival school greets him  stating.
He was a student.
He goes  and believed.
Pruce had thought highly.
The headmaster had won their encounter.
He had spent his last years extensively studying Taoist martial arts  and had written a book about the subject.
Was dedicated.
Inspired before her  Mrs Mak decides to move back to Hong Kong to start a new business.
McDull  having been beaten up badly  also returned to Hong Kong  having discovered Mak-zi s original blueprints for the clock in the meantime.
Having returned home  McDull proceeded to build a new clock using the blueprints.
The story is concluded from an adult May.
Who had gone on to become an office worker  suddenly noticing McDull s clock.
Taking a break  she traces the clock to its location  and find a quaint restaurant in the middle of Hong Kong s concrete jungle  run by the adult McDull.
Viewers were also treated into various stories involving Mak-zi  in a pseudo-documentary style  narrated by Wan Kwong.
<EOS>
The story primary concentrates.
It begins and ends with his Marriage with Seetha.
<EOS>
Butch explains.
He clobbers every kid to prove that he is in charge.
Weak-Kneed Alfalfa is chosen to face Butch in the barnyard boxing ring.
He has only one day to train.
<EOS>
Animal-Like creatures known as the ravagers roam the earth and kill all survivors.
A man named Falk witnesses his wife s murder.
Seeking vengeance  Falk becomes a vigilante.
He joins a small community  led  living aboard a ship anchored off shore.
The ship is destroyed by the ravagers.
Falk then leads his fellow survivors.
Where they can live.
<EOS>
Scrapbook begins.
A kidnapped woman has a frantic discussion.
The door opens.
The credits conclude.
The woman discovers.
The incoherent voice belonged.
A man reaches in and removes the disemboweled woman.
We then see a flashback.
He looks.
Who is half-naked and apparently aroused.
She notices him  and takes him.
Where she proceeds to molest him.
A young man enters the room  and is disgusted.
He angrily pulls.
Him downstairs  where he proceeds to rape the boy.
The film then cuts.
Where Leonard has grown up from the introduction.
Clara is his latest victim.
Leonard has her tied.
The walls and furniture are adorned.
He reveals his scrapbook.
Which he forced his past victims to document their horrific experiences.
He then tells her.
He plans for her to be his last chapter  before he tries to have the book published  which he believes will lead.
Leonard then drags Clara.
I m winning scrawled  presumably.
He then violently beats and rapes her  and then urinates.
Clara is beaten  raped  and abused.
She tries to find a way to escape.
Finally Clara comes to realize.
In order to survive she must manipulate him.
Slowly Leonard starts to give her food and clothes.
Clara pretends.
She wants to make love and uses duct tape to tie his arms and legs to the cot.
Thereafter  she stabs Leonard with a knife and takes pictures of him in pain.
She puts those pictures.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Banshee and Emma Frost are the headmasters.
They recruit Jubilee and Skin  and introduce them.
The students are learning to cope  and come into conflict with the townies.
Who mock the students.
Emma Frost worked previously.
Who felt that he could extract part to develop psychic powers.
Russel is back and wants to use Skin s brain.
<EOS>
Frisbee and JP were sent to prison for fixing races for the mafia  and are doing so again.
They can keep racing.
Reminiscing over his loss  JP finds out.
He was selected  despite not qualifying in the last race  due to popular demand and because 2 racers withdrew.
The Redline race takes place  a militarized planet ruled by cyborgs.
The Roboworld government is violently opposed.
They have several ongoing secret projects.
JP and the other racers are transported to prepare.
There he meets Sonoshee the winner.
Who he met before either started racing professionally.
He has to repair and refit his car damaged from the Yellowline.
They aim to make a high powered racecar.
Will hold up.
Guerilla forces  sabotage a number of Roboworld s planetary defenses  making the race less than suicidal.
JP  Sonoshee  and the other racers speed from the Roboworld military.
Have targeted each to kill.
The guerillas attempt to unleash and control Funky Boy  but are unable to.
One crashed into the containment facility  bringing Funky Boy prematurely out of its slumber.
Funky Boy goes  destroying many of the Roboworld units and much of the landscape around them.
One decides to merge with another Bioweapon to fight against Funky Boy.
Their most powerful weapon  the Hyper-disintegrator cannons  unable to stop the beast.
The race continues on.
Sonoshee s car is destroyed  knocking her out in the process.
JP however finds her alive and allows her to join him.
Frisbee is almost killed.
Who was forced to make another deal.
When he refuses to sabotage JP s car again  but is saved and after sits down to watch the rest of the race with Frisbee.
The final sprint shows Machinehead with.
Fighting. 
Machinehead uses the steamlight  a form of energy.
Can release an unimaginable amount  to give him the edge over the race.
Sonoshee quickly reciprocates  given to her by her father on her seventh birthday.
Both racers blaze.
The red line  marking the end of the race is broken up  but is quickly remedied as the Redline Mothership warps from space onto the planetary surface to serve as a ramp leading to the finish.
JP and Sonoshee are neck to neck.
Unable to get.
The explosive placed by Frisbee earlier on  is activated by the drunken scrounger a boost of speed to pass Machinehead.
Who presses the detonator accidentally  the resulting explosion to give what s left.
Machinehead follows.
But he  Sonoshee  and Machinehead reach the finish line.
Before the finish line JP s car completely falls apart.
JP and Sonoshee touch the finishing line less before Machinehead and are declared the victors.
Audiences celebrate JP s amazing victory.
The other racers  exhausted and about the incredible feat performed by JP.
JP pulls Senoshee close and kisses her.
Suspended. 
The two victors confess their love.
<EOS>
Four friends each receive phone calls to meet a fifth friend at MK Restaurant  a popular hot pot chain in Bangkok.
The friends are  Pom  a reporter.
Nim  a sexual dysfunction telephone-hotline counselor.
Fai  the stingy owner.
Pat  the fiancee.
They are called by Pang.
Who announces that she is planning to marry Kong  her boyfriend.
The four friends are surprised and think maybe it is too sudden.
Then Kong joins the five women.
His well-groomed appearance is met.
Eyebrows are raised.
When Kong starts offering tips  and presents a pair of earrings that he picked out to Pom for her birthday.
The four women later meet and voice their suspicions.
Kong might be gay  and not just a metrosexual male.
Pom reveals.
She spotted.
She saw him embracing another man backstage.
To confirm their belief  they need advice.
So Pat arranges a meeting.
Who s a flight attendant.
Bee puts together a checklist  as well as biological and sociological backgrounds.
Includes various physical attributes.
Could indicate whether a man is gay.
A series then occur.
The four women investigate Kong and watch.
<EOS>
Kathreena is an odd-woman out.
The film depicts the atrocities.
She had to endure due.
<EOS>
The story begins somewhere after the First World War at the court of a powerful foreign warlord.
An American  Lamont Cranston  has succumbed during the war.
He then vanished.
Where he exists.
One night he is abducted by servants of the Tulku  a holy man.
Who exhibits otherworldly powers and knows Cranston s identity.
He informs Cranston.
He will become a force.
Cranston objects but is silenced.
Cranston is unable to refuse and remains for seven years.
He learns to cloud men s minds  a form.
Allows him to influence others  thoughts and bend their perceptions so he can not be seen.
Cranston returns and resumes his previous life.
No one is aware  he is seen as a shallow and opulent playboy.
He operates.
Terrorizes the underworld.
Citizens are recruited to be his allies  providing him.
Who are saved.
The existence is regarded by the public as nothing more than an urban legend.
The Shadow s secret is endangered.
When Cranston meets Margot Lane  an eccentric socialite who is also a natural telepath.
He is intrigued  but unable to continue seeing her.
He can not keep his thoughts.
Cranston is challenged.
Who possesses even sharper powers but did not turn.
Khan is the last descendant and plans to fulfill his ancestor s goal of world domination.
He offers Cranston an alliance  sensing.
Bloodlust and a thirst still exists in his heart.
Cranston refuses.
Cranston acquires a rare coin and learns.
It is made.
This suspicion is confirmed.
When he learns that Margot s father Reinhardt  an atomic scientist working  has vanished.
Shiwan Khan hypnotizes Margot Lane and sends her  hoping to force him to kill her and reawaken his darker side.
The attempt is unsuccessful.
Cranston breaks Khan s hold.
She is now aware.
Cranston goes to rescue Reinhardt but is thwarted.
The Shadow suffers another setback.
When he confronts Reinhardt s former assistant Farley Claymore  who has joined Khan s forces.
Claymore traps the Shadow.
He saves himself.
The Shadow learns  it appears to everyone as an empty lot.
Shiwan Khan has rendered invisible.
Knowing  he infiltrates the hotel.
Khan has Reinhardt hostage and the completed bomb.
The Shadow fights his way  killing Claymore and Khan s warriors.
He faces Khan and is subdued  sustaining multiple injuries.
He forces himself to concentrate and overcome Khan s power.
He takes control and sends it into Khan s torso  splitting his concentration.
Undoes both Reinhardt s hypnotic state and the hotel s invisibility.
The Shadow pursues Khan.
The citizens outside see a building appear.
Margot and Reinhardt disable the bomb.
The Shadow defeats Khan.
Khan awakens  confused as to.
He got there.
Discovering. 
His powers no longer work.
He learns.
The doctors saved his life.
He demands to be set free  but is ignored along.
Unknown  the doctor is an agent of the Shadow.
Who has ensured that Khan is no longer a threat.
<EOS>
Wallace Ritchie flies to spend his birthday with his brother  James  the same evening James is to hold a business dinner.
His presence threatens to sour the evening  and so James sets Wallace up.
James is all too happy to spend time.
Promises to treat the participant.
James hands Wallace a pair  promising to fire them up before midnight in celebration of Wally s birthday.
The night begins.
Trouble begins.
When Wallace answers a phone call intended that the Theatre of Life uses for its act.
The contact  Sir Roger Daggenhurst  mistakes Wallace.
He d hired.
Thinking it s part  Wallace uses that identity.
The real Spencer picks up the phone call meant and murders one of the actors  prompting a search for Wallace.
Sir Roger  his assistant Hawkins  the British Defense Minister Gilbert Embleton  and a Russian intelligence member Sergei plan to detonate an explosive device.
Order to rekindle the Cold War and replace their aging technology.
Still believing  Wally meets Lori  Embleton s.
He s acting even after he is comedically mugged.
Lori plans to blackmail Embleton using letters.
Detail the assassination plot.
Spencer was hired specifically to eliminate her and destroy the letters.
Wallace scares off Embleton and drives Spencer off.
When he arrives to look.
Fearing their plot will be revealed  Daggenhurst hires two plumbers  Boris The Butcher Blavasky  all charged.
Sergei hires now-inactive spy.
Boris succeeds.
Wallace and Lori come back  retrieving the letters.
He tells him.
When Wallace uses Spencer s communicator.
I know a couple.
Thinking  both sides believe.
The words refer.
He is an American spy that has caught.
Daggenhurst offers Wallace and Lori 3 million British pounds for the letters  at the same hotel.
A police chase ends.
Where the dinner is taking place.
This is a ruse to capture them both and kill them off.
All the while Wally gets close.
Who confesses she d love to study acting once they re paid.
Wally contacts James  but is captured  prompting James to call the Theatre.
The police have interrogated the actors and are waiting for answers from James.
Who thinks the officer he s talking to is an uncooperative actor.
Believing James is an accomplice  they send a strike team to foil.
What they believe was a terrorist plot.
However  James has already left to seek Wally  having seen the news report.
Wallace had murdered an actor.
Wally meets Boris.
Boris  attempts to find out fails.
Who he s working.
Boris opts.
Wally and Lori escape.
Lori and Wally separate.
James is captured and sent while looking for Wally.
Wally unwittingly finds himself.
He uses the Matryoshka doll bomb  disarms it seconds  blocks a poison dart from Boris  and completely steals the show with his improvised dancing.
It goes off.
Realizing their plot has failed  Sergei and Daggenhurst bring out two bags containing the promised 3 million and release James.
Who is exhausted but otherwise fine.
Boris congratulates Wallace and gives him a souvenir pistol  telling Wallace.
He will continue his butcher shop business.
Sergei and Daggenhurst attempt to escape and discover Wally s doll.
They believe is only a normal one he picked out.
They are proven wrong.
When they realign the doll  reactivating the bomb and blowing them up  just as Wally and Lori share a kiss.
Incapacitates a spy  passing a test by an unknown American espionage group.
Believing  they offer him a position.
He is capable.
Thinking  Wallace accepts their offer.
They wish to make him a movie star.
The movie ends persuading them to act like dogs  desperate to have him join them.
<EOS>
Serenade tells the story.
Who becomes an operatic tenor.
Highly melodramatic  the film features a large amount of operatic music  all of it sung by Lanza.
Is the monologue from Verdi s Otello featuring Metropolitan Opera soprano Licia Albanese.
Reviewing the film.
H.
Weiler wrote.
Mr Lanza  who was never  makes this a full and sometimes impressive musical entertainment.
The movie differs greatly.
Cain source novel.
Juana is a prostitute and she and Damon set out to open a brothel together.
She comes with the local police and the two flee to Los Angeles and then move to New York.
Where Damon struggles to overcome his bisexuality.
Obviously  none could be made into a popular movie in the US in 1956  so the story becomes merely that of an opera singer torn between a bitchy  worldly patron of the arts and a Mexican bullfighter s daughter.
The tenor has a breakdown  but finds love with the Mexican girl.
<EOS>
Dr Pena  a cryptozoologist  manages to capture a live chupacabra and smuggles it aboard the cruise ship Regent Queen  commanded by Captain Randolph with the assistance of his young daughter  and ship fitness instructor  Jenny.
The Regent Queen has been experiencing a rash.
Federal Marshal Lance Thompson is brought to investigate.
The creature soon escapes  leaving the passengers at its mercy on the sea.
U.
S.
Navy Seals are called in to help stop the creature.
Their efforts are hindered.
Who believes the creature s life is more valuable.
The Navy Seals are killed off one by the beast and Dr Pena resorts to using Jenny as live bait to recapture the Chupacabra.
However  he is foiled.
Fatally wounds him.
Jenny is saved.
They meet up.
Who has set the engines to explode as all the other passengers have been evacuated.
They flee before the ship blows up  taking the beast with it.
Captain Randolph decides to retire and write his memoirs.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Colonel Kiley and his pilot  Joe  flying recon.
Kiley s overhead passes cause the fictional Colonel Hessler s driver  Conrad to drive.
Hessler  however  maintains his cool  chastising Conrad.
Meanwhile  Kiley and Joe are.
When Kiley spots something and takes a photograph.
A group are revealed.
The plane flies away.
Hessler and Conrad briefly discuss the state  with Hessler giving an impression of the hopelessness of the war  believing  before further chastising Conrad for leaving the motor running and wasting fuel  an increasingly rare resource for the German military.
The world is going to get rid.
Hessler enters an underground command bunker  jets  V-2 rockets and the King Tiger tank.
Where his superior  General Kohler presents models.
Suddenly  Kohler and Hessler are captured.
What appears to be a squad.
They are German soldiers.
Hessler will participate.
Kohler points out a clock  the time allotted for the mission.
Which the odds will fall off.
Finally  Hessler is presented  in response.
Which he proclaims the operation can be done.
Meanwhile  Kiley returns.
Where he warns Germany plans one more all-out offensive.
His superiors  General Grey and Colonel Pritchard dismiss it out  all intelligence points to Germany not having the resources and manpower to launch another attack.
Back  Conrad confronts Hessler about the chances of success  pointing out all the experienced veterans.
Who have fallen since Hessler first led the Panzers.
Concerned  Hessler reviews his new tank commanders and discovers.
They are all young and mostly inexperienced.
He expresses his lack to Kohler.
The commanders  overhearing this  break.
Moved  Hessler casts aside his doubt.
Hoping to uncover more proof  Kiley visits a U.
S.
Infantry position under command of Major Walenski.
En route  he is slowed down.
Guffy.
Black market goods Guffy peddles from the tank.
The tank moves off the road.
He stops to retrieve them  explaining his intent to not return home poor.
A patrol led capture some young Germans.
Kiley concludes.
Experienced German troops have been replaced and withdrawn for an offensive.
Pritchard dismisses this as well.
Early the next day.
I.
S sleep  Hessler launches his attack.
Awoken  Walenski leads his men into the wooded area of the Schnee Eifel but are overrun.
Where his men try to stand their ground.
A group  Guffy s tank among them  attempt to slow the panzers.
The Sherman s weak guns and thin armor make them ineffective.
Guffy s tank is rammed by a panzer.
Two are killed.
Guffy and his gunner escape out and crawl to the rear.
Lt.
Schumacher and his disguised German troops capture the only bridge.
Heavy tanks can cross.
Hessler continues his spearhead.
His route secure.
Being observed.
Schumacher later takes control - one from Ambleve  one from Malmedy and one from the Siegfried Line.
Is the intersection.
The rear echelon are diverted not to Ambleve but to Malmedy.
The signs turned around.
Where an SS Division is waiting.
Weaver and Sgt.
Duquesne argue.
Then their jeep breaks down.
They are consequently captured  and placed.
Later  most are massacred at Malmedy.
Lt.
Weaver manages to escape.
Duquesne is killed.
Schumacher s masquerade comes undone.
Not combat engineers  appearing to incorrectly lay explosives.
Kiley notices the Germans are carrying rubber hoses and empty metal drums and scavenging.
Prove they are short.
Conceding  Pritchard apologizes.
The German attack is a major effort.
An unarmed soldier runs past.
Grey evacuates his HQ.
The young solder exclaims.
When Grey stops him and asks where his unit is.
They re all gone.
Seeing and not wanting his division to disintegrate  Grey turns around and orders every man to stand and fight.
What s happening.
Guffy meets associate  Louise.
Who presents him despite no apparent shortage of goods which angers him.
Louise obviously has feelings.
He saw their association.
The two share a kiss.
Guffy leaves to link up.
Kohler informs Hessler.
He is.
Bursting  Hessler reveals to Conrad.
He never thought Germany could win.
Now everything has changed.
Conrad asks.
What will become.
Grey summons heavy artillery.
But  a lone German tank destroys the engine  denying General Grey.
The train loaded toward Ambleve.
The means to defend.
German troops assault Ambleve but fail to capture the town.
Kohler concedes.
Hessler s tanks and infantry storm Ambleve  finally taking the town.
Night falls.
Grey  Pritchard  Kiley  and others escape.
Many Americans are captured.
Hesseler is shot.
His troops capture and bring him.
Hessler pauses to consider.
What to do.
When the boys father shows up and begs.
Hessler has the boy s father shot.
Hessler is brought lunch.
Hessler tells Conrad.
When Conrad brings him captured food.
He must eat what his commanders eat.
Hessler also presents Conrad to his sons  Conrad has been promoted.
The shooting can be heard in the background.
Walenski is captured and demands to know.
Whether his troops will be murdered.
Angered  Hessler complains to General Kohler.
Such massacres can turn a disorganised rabble.
American resistance is stiffening everywhere.
Kohler points are SS troops and not under Wehrmacht control.
Meanwhile  angry would murder the whole world to stay in his black Panzer uniform.
Recognizing Conrad s past loyalty  Hessler spares his life  but has him transferred to fuel services.
American forces regroup and begin to reorganize.
Guffy goes  asking.
Anyone who fought is around.
Guffy morosely asks General Grey.
When one man tells him that the Hotel where Louise was staying was destroyed.
When he s going to let them fight back.
Facing the dangers.
Kiley conducts an aerial reconnaissance.
His aircraft nearly crashes.
Undaunted  he continues  ordering the pilot to shut off the engine and glide.
Suddenly he spots the jackpot  Hessler s column of Tiger tanks heading toward American lines.
Kiley radios coordinates  but is hit by German fire and crashes near an American fuel depot.
Meanwhile  General Grey s force   prepare to fight off Hessler.
The outgunned  out-armored American tanks are systematically destroyed  but.
Guffy s tank is hit  but can still move.
He withdraws.
Where he meets.
Distraught  Guffy intends to use the Sherman s.
30 caliber machine gun to kill  threatening to shoot Weaver.
He can.
He tries to board the tank.
Weaver asks him.
He s going to waste ammo.
Guffy relents.
The damaged Sherman tank   head for the fuel depot.
Aware leads a detachment toward an American depot to capture its stocks.
Conrad  moving fuel drums  watches.
Him go.
Weaver and the stragglers arrive first  taking out Schumacher s men.
Who had taken control after Weaver  who saw Schumacher at the Our river Bridge  recognizes him.
Hessler s tanks appear.
The U.
S.
Defenders flood the road.
Drums are punctured and rolled downhill.
Where they are set ablaze.
Numerous German tanks are destroyed.
The crews abandon them.
Hessler desperately goes it alone  commandeering the controls  intending to drive it into the depot.
However  the tracks get bogged down in the soaked mud  followed by the panzer catching fire and exploding.
Where he perishes inside.
An American scout informs Grey and are marching back.
The film ends.
The Germans have given up.
Conrad discards his rifle and ammunition.
And  we see an array.
The camera pans away.
Vignettes are included in the film  including General McAuliffe s reply of Nuts.
The character.
Hessler was modeled.
<EOS>
Three chapters created during the first years of the Mozambique Republic.
Graphic images experienced by a young nation under construction  despite the lack of TV channels.
Kuxa Kanema is the film school.
<EOS>
An Island run is in turmoil.
The peasants plan a revolt.
Cliff invites his friend Jacques to help.
Jacques spends most with his love Vanette.
Meanwhile all is well.
He returns.
<EOS>
New York-based celebrity chef Carl Diesta is coming home after being away for seventeen long years to marry his fiancee  supermodel Chrissy Duran  in her hometown of Albay province in the Bicol region.
Carl has to meet her family by himself and instantly impresses everyone except for Chrissy s father  Papay Rogelio.
Here Carl gets to meet Chrissy s other sister - Lena.
Carl has now come to terms with his forcibly forgotten identity - both as a son and as a Filipino.
Lena has also awaken a love.
He has never felt before.
<EOS>
Hans  an ordinary but likable man  returns home.
He is berated.
Hans works  calling out his products and diligently making his rounds through the residential streets.
Short and stocky  he is married.
Who helps him.
They have a small daughter  Renate.
One day Hans sells fruit.
She asks him to deliver the pears and invites him in.
He refuses  saying some other time.
The woman is the great love.
He escapes her incessant complaints.
When the suspicious Irmgard questions why it took so long.
Soon  the sad ritual emerges  arguing with his wife  drinking excessively  lamenting lost personal and professional opportunities.
Hans gets sentimental as a policeman.
He recalls.
She lured him.
Caught  this incident got.
Him fired.
Irmgard appears.
A drunk Hans says.
He will come home when he wants.
He throws a chair.
When his wife does not leave fast enough.
Finally Hans comes home intoxicated.
Irmgard calls him a pig.
He beats her up.
The next morning  Irmgard has disappeared.
Hans is desperate.
Irmgard  fleeing  finds support with Hans  family.
His contemptuous bourgeois mother has always disdained Hans.
She favors her obedient married daughter Heidi and tolerates her outspoken college student daughter Anna.
His mother demanded.
When Hans once dreamed.
He keep and forbid him from taking a job that would get his hands dirty.
Irmgard complains.
Hans attacked her the night.
Heidi and her husband agree.
Hans has always been good.
Anna is the lone relative sympathetic  saying.
His family has always despised him and never gave him a proper chance.
He tries to reconcile  but Irmgard retreats to a corner of the living room screaming in terror.
When Hans arrives.
The brother-in-law stands.
The two men struggle wants a divorce.
Irmgard phones a lawyer  saying she.
Hans begins to sing his favorite tune  Buona  buona notte  you ca nt have everything.
When she puts down the receiver.
You want.
Then he has a heart attack.
His wife lets herself be picked up and takes him home to bed.
Hans is recuperating.
But her little daughter catches them having sex.
Which Irmgard sobs incessantly.
She promises to stay with him.
Irmgard explains.
He is back home and as they are about to have sex.
Sometimes she finds him funny because he is much shorter than she is and that she only grew interested in the first place because he was so comical.
Hans can neither work nor drink.
Irmgard takes a larger role.
No longer able to push the cart.
He is the same man.
Whom  unknown  Irmgard had the brief affair during his hospitalization.
Fearing exposure  she manipulates Anzell into overpricing the produce and afterwards sharing the extra earnings with her.
He agrees.
Irmgard knows.
He will be found out on Anzell when he goes through the courtyards.
It happens as planned.
Anzell is fired  but Hans knows of Irmgard s infidelity.
Hans is reunited.
Dining. 
Who now waits tables  and immediately offers him a job.
Soon Hans suggests.
Harry move in.
She protests.
Hans insists.
Harry proves to be an industrious worker.
Who takes the cart and earns more than Hans did.
Irmgard tends.
A fruit stand while Hans sulks.
They also render Hans obsolete  leading him further into isolation and despair.
Harry s professionalism and dedication bring Hans  business profitability and success.
Hans revisits the great love of his life.
He courted her with an armful of red roses.
She turned.
Him down did not want her to marry a fruit peddler.
She undresses.
Married. 
He leaves.
She is busy and has no time for him.
When Hans visits Anna  his favorite sister.
The doctor says.
Large quantities would be fatal for Hans because of his bad heart.
Hans deliberately goes to his regular bar.
He remembers an incident.
Drinking. 
When he was.
Captured and tortured  he was saved by his comrades at the last minute.
He really wanted to die.
Hans no longer wishes to live.
Hans downs a few dozen shots of liquor.
Promptly kill him.
Harry agrees to stay with Irmgard and takes up the life meant for Hans.
<EOS>
Vartan Malt is the editor.
Specializes. 
They arrive.
Who informs them that she does indeed have an angel and introduces them to Michael.
Michael has wings.
The resemblance ends there.
Michael loves.
Cigarettes  sugar  has an uncontrollable belly laugh  tends to use a large number  does not care much for personal hygiene  and smells like cookies.
Michael informs his visitors.
An angel is allowed to take a certain number and that he is in the midst of one now.
That said  this is the last vacation.
He is allowed.
He has decided to make the most.
Why not take him .
Pansy unexpectedly dies  Frank and Huey stumble -- if Michael wants to have some fun.
Where he can really kick up his heels.
The rest deals with the experiences.
Frank  Huey  Dorothy  Sparky  and Michael have while driving.
It is slowly revealed.
Michael s mission is to get Frank and Dorothy together despite both having had bad experiences with love.
Michael brings him back.
Sparky is hit and killed.
He uses up his allotment of miracles and begins to weaken.
The group reaches Chicago to see the Sears Tower before disappearing.
Michael returns one more time and successfully gets Frank and Dorothy back together.
Frank and Dorothy go their separate ways.
<EOS>
Old hacendado don Ambrosio awaits the return after ten years of studying medicine in the U.
S.
Ambrosio is taught reading and writing.
Illiterate. 
He seems to forget to be mexicano and is ashamed.
When Rafael arrives.
He refuses to be served mole and rather asks.
He is suddenly attracted and seduces her.
Ambrosio learned.
She is pregnant  unbeknownst.
Ambrosio and Lupe head to reveal the truth and to prevent Rafael from marrying.
When Rafael plans to marry Sarita  a high-class lady.
He is eventually not married.
Fabian is and is willing to marry her.
Though the child is Rafael.
Rafael recuperates his Mexicaness and then proposes marriage to Lupe.
Ambrosio rests.
<EOS>
Nick The Zone Falzone and his fellow air traffic controllers pride themselves on their ability to handle the intense stress of being a controller for one of the busiest airspaces in the country  even boasting of the 50 % drop-out rate for new additions to the staff.
Who are unable to cope.
The group is joined in the Western United States.
Russell quickly proves to be exceptionally capable.
Nick feels challenged and warns his supervisor  especially after discovering.
Bell is a loose cannon.
Russell once stood to allow himself to be violently propelled by a landing commercial airliner s jetwash.
Nick encounters Russell s despondent young wife Mary.
Who is sobbing.
Nick ends up back at the Bells  house.
Where he and Mary both cheat by having sex.
Several days later  Mary informs Nick.
She immediately told Russell  and that the confession has actually improved their marriage.
Fearing retaliation  Nick confronts Russell  and is confused and surprised by Russell s even-tempered response to the situation.
Meanwhile  Nick s wife  Connie  seems to become more and more intrigued.
Nick becomes increasingly paranoid.
Russell will eventually seek revenge.
Nick ca nt bring himself to lie.
Out. 
When a grieving Connie challenges him to say that he has never cheated.
Connie tells Nick.
Their flight home approaches New York.
She has indeed slept.
The plane then makes an odd turn.
Nick assumes.
Russell is harassing him  or possibly going insane.
A bomb threat is called in to the center.
The building is evacuated to stay behind to handle the daunting task of landing all the planes on approach in their airspace.
The alleged bomb is set to go off.
Successfully routing all but one plane  Nick leaves the building.
Has lost radio contact.
Russell instead remains inside to make contact by calling one of its passengers via Airfone.
Russell is lauded for making the effort despite the threat.
Turned out to be a hoax.
Russell abruptly quits.
He and Mary move.
Connie leaves Nick.
His performance suffers  the once cocky  boastful controller is sent home after being responsible for two mid-air near collisions in one shift.
Russell had ordered the diversion.
Nick seeks his advice.
To get his personal life back.
Russell is unable to make Nick understand.
He instead brings Nick.
That he too can experience being caught.
The two engage together.
It has a profound effect.
Who thanks Russell.
He returns.
Where he regains his form  and reconciles with Connie.
<EOS>
The film is set Jack Throsbie  an English soldier.
Who is falsely accused and sentenced to Australia  where he befriends an aboriginal boy.
The chapter headings were  Colonel McGregor s quarters.
Capt.
Danvers  the Colonel s secretary  proposes marriage and is refused.
Bess confesses her love.
Whom she is secretly married.
Husband and wife.
A dastardly reminder.
Falsely accused.
Court martial held.
Condemned.
A brother s remorse.
Transported.
Eight months later.
Captain Danvers arrives as relieving officer In charge of the settlement.
Mrs Throsbie follow her unhappy husband.
Jack is assigned.
A wolf.
Jack Throsbie s home.
Dennie s happiness.
Captain Danvers shows his true colours.
A cry.
Jack Throsbie defends his wife.
A Wife s Despair.
The deserted hut.
Yacka and the troopers.
The trooper s Discomfiture.
The biter bitten.
The bush camp.
Yacka falls.
Jack Throsbie.
A dying man s confession.
The sensational swim.
The escape.
The Governor brings Tess news of Jack Throsbie s innocence.
Down the rapids.
Sensational dive.
Bess Throsbie s home.
Jacks brings news.
Husband and wife meet again.
Yacka is pardoned.
Death.
Good-bye Van Diemen s Land.
England Once more.
Honour.
Whom honour is due.
Yacka the black boy.
Happiness.
The main situations were advertised as being  about to be shot for treachery  the fight with the guards  the blackboy s wonderful escape  swimming the river on horseback  the fight on the river  the flogging.
<EOS>
Andre has just returned in the hope of making some easy money  give up his life of petty crime  and start his life over as an honest man in America.
Andre finds himself dangling high over the edge of the Eiffel Tower  begging for his life from a man.
He hoped never to see again.
Andre is given 24 hours to find 20000 Euro to pay off his debts and save his life.
Frantically trying to find ways to avoid certain death  Andre turns.
They laugh and throw him to the streets.
Andre is left to turn.
He despairingly climbs onto the ledge of a bridge and gathers the resolve to jump into the river.
But  he is not alone.
Beside him  a beautiful and mysterious woman is.
She lets go and jumps into the water.
A split second later  he too jumps.
He hauls her limp soaked body to the shore and tries to coax her back to life.
Sitting alone  Andre desperately hopes for a miracle.
Andre is relieved.
When she finally opens her eyes.
Her name is Angela.
Angela pledges her life to Andre  doing anything and everything.
She can to help him.
Confused.
Such a gorgeous woman should want to help him.
Does he begin to trust her and agree to let her help.
When she delivers the money he so desperately needs.
Andre begins to think.
Angela helps him to get the money he needs.
She may have an ulterior motive.
Else would such a beautiful woman help someone.
Andre   must believe.
Who has never been a hero.
He can stand up in order to convince Angela  with whom he has fallen madly in love  to give up everything to be with him.
<EOS>
The movie opens late night  with a smalltime drug dealer named.
Nick is trying to decide what coffee brand to buy.
His ex-lover Dallas and fellow hitman Billy Hill are getting impatient and tell him to hurry up.
Nick finally choose Chocolate Macadamia.
The dispenser is empty.
He complains  shooting her.
She fails to adequately address his complaints  as well as a police officer who enters the store moments later.
The next morning  Nick shows up as a drug dealer in Los Angeles.
Casey has cleaned up his life.
He is now a married architect and is looking to adopt a child.
Nick leaves a couple before leaving to run some errands.
Casey becomes suspicious of one of the suitcases and eventually opens it to find it filled with heroin.
He disposes of all of it in the kitchen sink.
Ice  a Jamaican Rasta hitman  enters Casey s house and is about to kill him.
Casey manages to persuade him to have a last smoke.
Ice is about to kill Casey.
When Ice s cell phone rings.
Ice begins to rap over the phone to clinch a record deal.
Casey seizes the moment and knocks him out.
Casey then ties him up and leaves him.
A representative comes to interview Casey about his fitness to be a father.
The representative is particularly curious to know.
What Casey did when he lived in L.
A.
There is no account there.
Casey tries his best to cover up his past as well as his recent encounter.
Dallas   shows up.
Who wants the money that she believes Nick left along with the heroin.
She scares away the representative by telling a story about Casey s drug-dealing and murdering past.
Dallas questions him.
When left alone.
Angry  she decides to kill him.
He can not help her.
But  fellates him to force an erection  gets naked and proceeds to mount and rape him.
Before she ties him up.
She tells him she will not kill him.
She plans to go on.
She makes him get an orgasm.
Delivering  she reaches multiple orgasms  but gets no results from him.
Hill breaks in and shoots her  splattering her blood.
Dallas reaches a third orgasm.
Billy believes Casey.
When told that he does not have the heroin  but plans.
He brags as he sets to work.
Hill is interrupted.
Casey is able to loosen the tape around his wrists and grabs a frying pan and sits back down.
Billy returns and tells Casey.
The cops got the wrong house.
He notices.
He is about to proceed.
Something is wrong.
But catching Billy  Casey overpowers him  and leaves him in the garage.
Nick calls Casey  apologizes for everything and admits.
He had stolen the heroin and money.
It is revealed  seemingly about to die.
He hangs up.
Nick has been shot  and is bleeding severely.
Finally  a corrupt cop arrives.
Contains Nick s head.
He gives Casey.
M. 
To find the money but tells him.
He does not care.
The cop then sees the garage.
Dallas dead and unloads a magazine.
He then tells Casey to throw them out.
It is garbage day.
Casey calls Ice s boss and tells him.
The heroin is being auctioned off.
M. 
He recalls Nick s earlier words.
Promptly lead him to find the money and a wedding present.
He takes them  puts them and goes to pick his wife up at the airport to presumably escape the country.
The movie ends.
We see the cops and the Jamaicans  both armed  about to meet each other.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
Her main story is a story.
Her old high school has increased to eighteen teen pregnancies in the last two months.
Nurse Kim begins to tell Sidney.
When Sidney returns.
The student pregnancy rate has shot up to eighteen in just eight weeks alone.
Sidney decides to interview local girls from the high school about.
They are getting pregnant.
She runs old girls and have unrealistic ideas about life as teen mothers viewing it.
When Sidney starts interviewing local high school students.
Who are close friends.
To be something fun to look forward.
Three are already pregnant with the only one.
Who is nt pregnant being Sara.
The other girls insist.
Sara gets pregnant as soon as possible to complete the circle  and tells her not to wait any longer.
Nurse Kim desperately wants birth control/contraception to be placed  only to have her efforts declined much to her desperation.
So many female students are getting pregnant.
Meanwhile   her nervousness is very apparent.
Though Sara agrees that she s going to get pregnant.
Sara goes to her boyfriend Jesse s house to spend some alone time with him.
Her father is irritable spending so much alone time with her boyfriend.
Teenage boys are nt so much  while Sara s mother is okay with it since Jesse has good morals  and that she trusts their daughter to have respect for herself.
They start talking together.
Sara and Jesse have sex.
Jesse believes.
He and Sara are going to be together forever.
But  he says.
Jesse is a year older.
He wants to go away with her  get married  and eventually have kids having a life with her.
Sara is scared.
Jesse says that he and Sara are going to be together forever.
She s going to lose him and believes that getting pregnant is the only way to keep the man she desperately loves.
Sara realizes.
Sara and Jesse have sex.
Her period is.
Realizing  she takes a pregnancy test anxiously waiting outside for the result.
She might be pregnant.
The pregnancy test comes  now all four girls are pregnant.
All the girls become extremely excited thinking.
All the kids can grow up together.
Like they did.
However  Sara makes.
The girls promise not to tell anyone fearing everyone else will think she made it happen  but otherwise is thrilled.
The impacts slowly begin to unravel.
Her boyfriend leaves her.
When finding out she is pregnant and a small rumor leaks that she and her friends got pregnant.
Sara s pregnancy is soon next revealed.
Her mother sees and horrifically realizes her daughter is pregnant.
Her father  Michael  angrily drags Sara late at night and furiously reveals to both Jesse and his father and accuses him of taking advantage of her.
This fact is told.
Sara is pregnant.
The consequences further unravel.
When Lorraine and Michael loudly and viciously argue.
Sidney soon shares a meaningful conversation.
Her baby will be very much loved if she decides to have/raise it  which Sara firmly states she is.
Meanwhile  Sara and Lorraine s relationship slowly deteriorates.
Lorraine is furious for not waiting and how she told her it was important to.
But Sara shoots back  moments calls for a comment about the town s growing reputation for its high rate in teen pregnancy.
Being told to wait was all she was ever told and that she loved Jesse and chose to have sex resulting before Sara storms off.
Sara and Jesse soon share a talk.
Jesse tells her.
His father is willing to pay to take care  suggesting abortion which Sara refuses to do.
She then asks  but Sara refuses to leave home.
They just could nt stay and live a life together which he says he did nt want to do desiring to go to college and play baseball and explore the world.
They kiss.
She loved him more.
Lorraine decides to hold a meeting about raising fundraising for more providence of the school s daycare.
But Sidney   asks and lets.
They just do nt provide birth contraceptives.
It slip there causing humiliation on Lorraine and her family.
A new story of a pregnancy pact shows up in Time Magazine and spreads throughout the news.
Time Magazine states.
All decided to create a pact and get pregnant at the same time so that they would always have a baby who would love them unconditionally.
Their small town is filled and only causes more stress on Sara and her friends.
The news comes out.
Sidney soon saves Sara and her one friend and asks them.
The pact is true  which in a flashback is confirmed.
They make.
Her swear.
Jesse furiously asks Sara.
When hearing.
She was ever a part.
Rose soon has her baby.
The girls soon get a glimpse.
When Rose required 37 stitches due during the birth of her baby.
And soon Sara sees.
Her friend s baby s health is dangerously low.
Things spiral further and say.
When Sidney asks Sara if she can do a blind interview.
Jesse  along  walks in overhearing it.
Jesse leaves furiously declaring.
He wants nothing to do.
She decides.
That Sara is forced to raise the baby.
Ends up passed out.
Who had joined her wanting one last night.
The doctors confirm.
The baby is suffering the effects  but luckily is still alive and that Sara must start taking better care of herself for the sake of her baby.
Sara soon realizes and slowly begins to make a good recovery along.
What she did will only make matters worse.
It is revealed.
Sidney and another worker were expecting a baby when Sidney was just.
She herself was nt due.
He wanted it and was excited.
She soon had the baby and gave the baby up.
Where the agency assured her they.
Brady tells her he planned.
He was doing okay  and asks.
Sidney wanted to be told if he found him  which she declines saying she made the right choice.
Lorraine soon convinces the council to keep her.
The school should offer contraceptives that want them and how they should make the message about abstinence more broad instead of just simply saying a teenager should wait.
Sidney apologizes about making.
Her feel as though she needed to clean up the whole mess.
Sara states.
If she s going to be a mother she needs to grow up and take responsibility and is determined to be a good mother to her baby.
She thanks Sidney.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Rachel  the daughter  is shown working in a nursing home.
Phil  her father  is shown driving people around.
Penny  Rachel s mother  is shown working alongside Maureen  the mother in the second family.
She cycles home to find her eighteen-year-old son Rory for taking his football.
When Penny leaves work.
Rory is a lazy  obese  ill-mannered teenager.
Who stays home all day and does nt work.
Complications arise.
When  he ultimately runs out of breath  begins to hyperventilate and is hospitalised after suffering a heart attack.
The second family consists at a cafe.
A brief storyline involves a dispute.
Donna finds herself pregnant.
This leads.
The third family consists.
Who is a minicab driver along who is always shown intoxicated.
The film does not have one single storyline  but several.
All are leading up   leading to a relationship crisis in the first family.
When Rory suffers a heart attack.
<EOS>
Yamazaki  an aspiring screenwriter  played  is boarding with a couple and their daughter.
He and the daughter become involved romantically.
The father asks him to leave  and tells the daughter not to marry Yamazaki.
The wife dies of tuberculosis.
<EOS>
The film takes place.
Joan  played by Ingrid Bergman  is being burned alive for heresy.
She departs from her body and begins to look back upon her life.
She begins this journey.
However  a priest appears to help guide her.
First  he shows her those.
Accused her  in order to show her their true nature.
Then  he shows her the good.
She has performed.
She is proud of.
What she has done and is ready to face the flames.
<EOS>
Nick Morell  son  becomes friendly with young Guido.
Vacationing. 
Morell discovers.
The boy has an extraordinary instinct.
A neighboring couple  Signor and Signora Boudini become aware.
She appeals.
Torn  they feel  the duty to let the world hear his talent  they consent.
The boy is tutored.
Signora Bondini denies the boy all contact and everyone else except her.
She also has neither sent his letters  nor let.
Him see the ones they ve sent.
He becomes phenomenally successful and makes the grand tour.
Signora Bondini is enraptured.
She prepares to take him and also prepares adoption papers.
<EOS>
It s time to play dirty.
She hires three outlawed and redneck brothers to bring him back to her.
But nothing can be that simple.
What begins.
A small rescue mission rises.
This odd team must shoot their way coming after them  while protecting Celeste s innocent child.
<EOS>
Steve Giardino  an abrasive workaholic Wall Streeter  and his wife Jackie divorce and find.
Themselves thrust back.
<EOS>
Harry Wharton is born.
He falls in love with an orphaned Armenian girl  Marian.
A Turkish pasha also loves Marian and kidnaps her.
Wharton tries to rescue her but is captured.
As England and Turkey declare war.
He escapes disguised and joins the Australians at the Gallipoli Campaign.
Wharton finds Marian.
Who has been traumatised.
He helps her recover.
His fiancee gives him his freedom  enabling Wharton and Marian to be married.
<EOS>
The budget of the program is cut by the government.
However   a gang of mercenaries take control of the new line of Universal Soldiers to use them in the diamond smuggling business.
Luc Deveraux  survivor  continues to cause problems  the enemy takes his newly found brother and news reporter Veronica Roberts prisoners.
<EOS>
Yossi commands a company.
He leads a passionate romantic relationship with his second-in-command officer  Lior.
Who is called Jagger.
The pair  Yossi and Jagger  lead a loving  yet secret life together  venturing off to be alone and open.
One day  a colonel arrives.
Of whom he immediately sleeps.
The other one  Yaeli  is very interested.
She refuses the sexual advances.
The colonel is there to supervise a night-time ambush.
Of which Yossi is resentful  and also because he fears for his soldiers  safety.
And indeed Jagger is fatally injured that night  dying.
Who only now is able to articulate his love.
Jagger s mother mistakes Yaeli for his girlfriend.
She laments.
She knew very little  including his favorite song  which only Yossi is able to tell her was Bo sung by Rita.
The song was also sung.
<EOS>
Johnny Jones is a penniless newspaper reporter assigned to interview Daisy Appleby  heiress and the target of numerous suitors anxious to latch onto her wealth.
Is. 
What neither they nor Johnny know.
She is really a cafeteria cashier hired to impersonate the socialite.
She proposes a marriage.
Will free her.
He agrees.
Try to place him  as well.
They wed the company s board.
Daisy   tries to win him back.
When Johnny rebels and begins dating oil heiress Hortense.
Who realizes she truly loves him.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Vowing to win him back  he learns.
Ascilto sold Gitone.
He discovers Vernacchio and Gitone performing in a lewd play based on the emperor s miracle  a slave s hand is axed off and replaced with a gold one.
Encolpio storms the stage and reclaims Gitone.
They walk through the vast Roman brothel known as the Lupanare  observing numerous sensual scenes.
They fall asleep.
Ascilto sneaks  waking Encolpio with a whiplash.
Encolpio proposes.
They divide up their property and separate.
Ascilto mockingly suggests.
They split Gitone.
Encolpio is driven to suicidal despair  however.
When Gitone decides to leave.
An earthquake destroys the tenement.
Encolpio meets the poet Eumolpus.
The elderly poet blames current corruption and invites his young friend to a banquet held at the villa of Trimalchio  a wealthy freeman  and his wife Fortunata.
Eumolpus s declamation is met with catcalls and thrown food.
The bored Trimalchio turns his attention.
Fortunata performs a frantic dance.
Scandalized  Fortunata berates her husband.
Who attacks her then has her covered.
Fancying himself a poet  Trimalchio recites.
One poems whereupon Eumolpo accuses him of stealing verses from Lucretius.
Enraged  Trimalchio orders the poet to be tortured in the villa s huge kitchen furnace.
The guests are then invited to visit Trimalchio s tomb.
Where he enacts his own death.
The story is recounted  the first of the stories within a story in the film.
Bondanella  260 Encolpio finally leaves.
The villa  helping the limping  beaten Eumolpo to drink water.
Eumolpo bequeaths the spirit of poetry to his young friend.
Encolpio  Gitone  and Ascilto are imprisoned.
Lichas selects Encolpio and quickly subdues him.
Smitten  Lichas takes Encolpio as his spouse in a wedding ceremony blessed by his wife  Trifena.
The seasons pass.
Rebel soldiers  the boy emperor.
Who is forced to kill himself.
Later  the soldiers board the ship and behead Lichas gaze.
Violent political discord is evoked on the march.
To escape the new emperor  the owner sets his slaves free and commits suicide with his wife.
That night  Encolpio and Ascilto discover the abandoned villa and make love.
Who has stayed behind.
Fleeing the villa  the two friends reach a desert.
When soldiers arrived in the courtyard to burn the patrician corpses.
Ascilto placates a nymphomaniac s demands.
Encolpio waits outside  listening.
They kill two men and kidnap the hermaphrodite in the hope of obtaining a ransom.
The hermaphrodite sickens and dies.
Exposed  however.
Enraged  the mercenary tries to murder his two companions but is overpowered and killed.
Captured  Encolpio is released in a labyrinth and forced to play Theseus to a gladiator s Minotaur for the amusement of spectators at the festival of Momus  the God of Laughter.
The festival rewards the young man  a sensual woman with.
When the gladiator spares Encolpio s life.
Whom he must copulate as the crowd looks on.
Impotent  Encolpio is publicly humiliated.
Eumolpo offers to take him.
Where prostitutes are said to effect a cure.
The treatment - gentle whipping - fails miserably.
The owner of the Garden of Delights narrates the tale of Enotea to Encolpio.
A sorcerer curses a beautiful young woman  she must spend her days kindling fires for the village s hearths from her genitalia.
Inspired  Encolpio and Ascilto hire a boatman to take them.
Greeted.
Who has him drink a potion.
Where his sexual prowess is restored by Enotea in the form of an Earth Mother figure.
Encolpio decides to join Eumolpo s ship bound.
When Ascilto is murdered by the boatman.
But Eumolpo has died  leaving as his heirs all those willing to eat his corpse.
Encolpio has nt the stomach.
Is nonetheless invited to board the ship.
Encolpio explains.
He set sail.
His words end  however  then abruptly cuts to frescoes of the film s characters on a crumbling wall.
A distant island appears.
<EOS>
Anna lives in a rambling home with her sometime dead father  her opinionated mother and the memories of her three grown-up daughters.
The possessions and photographs begin to spark her memories of childhood and earlier adulthood.
Anna struggles.
The memories evoked are of her three husbands and the children she bore with them.
Her first marriage failed.
Fanny barely knows him.
Fanny s half-sister is Camille.
Who Anna had.
There is also her third husband  Jean.
Whom she had Lilly.
He left to pursue affairs.
Boxes Variety.
May 21 .
<EOS>
The film begins.
Alex is subject  and is eventually fired for being obnoxious and rude to the clientele.
He robs a benefits office and goes on the run with his new friend.
Meanwhile  Nosher Powell plays the Home Secretary  a menacing  beer-swilling  fornicating  lovable lout.
Who has his own no-nonsense way.
He s the darling.
He was also the one.
Who ended the terrorist situation that Alex witnessed earlier.
However  Nosher has enemies.
Who plots a people s revolution.
Who plot to derail the Home Secretary s campaign.
Alex returns to ` Bastards  and lays waste to the clientele and staff.
He begins serving them up  ` Eat the Rich.
They formulate a plot to get rid for good.
When Commander Fortune and Spider find out.
<EOS>
Morgan is a troubled teenager from Connecticut.
Who relocates after his father s business goes under.
Morgan struggles to make friends.
Trouble ensues.
When Morgan pursues Frankie  whose boyfriend Nick is the leader.
Morgan soon finds pursuing.
Frankie comes.
Morgan learns some valuable  hard lessons  and finds.
Far he is really willing to go.
Ultimately  Morgan must face Nick and his gang to test the bounds  and his love for Frankie.
The film begins.
The intro sequence features.
Featuring vocals.
It s a great electronic track  similar in vein to early Ministry and sets the scene perfectly for the rest of the film  with small sequences of this song ocourring throughout the movie.
Frankie flirts with a business man waiting at a bus stop.
She asks the man.
He pulls out a money clip.
Nick and his gang stand  move in to mug the man.
They make small talk.
Who ve been loitering.
Morgan rides on his bicycle and foils the robbery by snatching a beer from one of the gang members.
The mugging is taking place.
Morgan shakes it up and sprays beer.
Who then sprays Nick with spray paint.
One final gang member manages to slash Morgan s jacket.
Morgan escapes.
The next day is the first day.
Morgan has a chat with his father.
Who has just returned as a cab driver.
Morgan is quickly chastised by the school security guard  for riding his bike on campus.
Nick notices Morgan loiter in the school parking lot.
Classes begin.
Nick tells his gang  I think.
We re going today.
Morgan goes.
The principal asks Morgan.
What he plans.
Morgan says.
He does nt know.
The principal informs Morgan  and roof top concerts.
He wo nt put up.
He s conducted.
Jimmy Parker  a drummer  has already caught word of Nick s intention to get back at Morgan for interfering in his business the night before.
Jimmy asks his friend Feather.
She says Why.
He replies  maybe I wan na clean my teeth.
She hands.
Jimmy quickly conceals it and heads off.
The students are shown gunfighting clips from old westerns.
Jimmy is seated and inadvertently opens up the switch blade  startling Morgan.
Jimmy then tells Morgan to take it.
It s all.
Jimmy asks Morgan.
He likes music  and would like to come see his band that night down.
He ll be there.
Morgan goes to get his bike back.
The gang are circling Nick and Frankie  in a classic Mustang and a classic Camaro.
The Camaro stops right sprays Morgan in the face with red spray paint.
Luckily  Morgan is wearing sunglasses.
Nick asks the crowd.
He should give Morgan his bike back.
Nick lays the bike down.
Morgan picks it up.
But  one gang member drives his car.
Morgan can leave.
All Morgan can do.
Is squeeze the hand brake as the car hits the front wheel of his 10 speed  hurling it into the air.
It s mangled and broken.
When the bike hits the pavement.
Nick says.
He s sorry as Morgan carries his bike away.
Back  Morgan argues with his mother.
She walks and sees his mangled bike.
His mother asks.
They had insurance and reminds him that the bike cost $.
00 She asks him.
It is happening again.
Morgan s father comes in and asks him.
The bike can be fixed.
Frustrated  Morgan leaves.
A Porsche 911 convertible.
He sees.
The Crypt is performing.
The warehouse is filled.
He quickly grabs her and they rush.
When Morgan sees Frankie talking in between a song.
Morgan repetedly asks.
What her name is.
Frankie refuses to say  and asks to be let go.
Morgan is persistent though.
Each time somehow ends up back.
Frankie tries to run away she.
Nick and his gang show up  and see Frankie dancing with Morgan.
Nick tells his goons to get Morgan.
Each time they get close.
He spins them around and throws them.
Nick instructs Frankie and tells her friend Ronnie to take her home.
The song is over.
The dance is over.
Morgan runs but only sees her friends driving her away.
Nick and his goons catch Morgan.
He tries to get to leave.
Nick threatens Morgan not to ever go again.
This is.
When Morgan finally learns her name.
They beat Morgan up and take the keys.
Jimmy runs outside to find Morgan and asks.
He s alright.
Jimmy s says.
I ca nt believe they took your car.
Morgan replies  I do nt own a car man.
Nick and the gang are tearing up the streets.
They took  until they get pulled over and arrested for driving a stolen vehicle and thrown in jail.
The next day  Morgan finds a dead rat at school  and is confronted by Frankie.
Who tells him his ass is grass when Nick gets out.
Morgan is waiting at a bus stop and sees Nick s Camaro.
He runs.
The Camaro gives chase.
Morgan runs down an alley.
Where he is trapped.
He tries to jump a fence but falls.
Much it is Jimmy.
Who is driving the Camaro.
He explains.
Nick s bro called his bro.
Jimmy got the car.
Morgan and Jimmy cruise.
The streets and Jimmy explains that his brother was.
He was barred.
Jimmy tosses some out the window.
They spot Frankie  Ronnie  and Feather and pull over.
Thinking Nick is out.
It s Morgan and Jimmy.
Frankie is not happy.
Ronnie exclaims Thank You God because she has a huge crush.
They drive.
A.
Through Beverly Hills and sneak into a country club party to have lunch.
Morgan plays piano and sings Frankie a song.
When the cover band takes a break.
Later that night  Frankie takes Morgan.
She shows off her dancing skills.
He has his goons attack Morgan the next day in the locker room.
When Nick finds out.
Nick once again warns Morgan to stay away from Frankie.
He ll kill him.
That night  Nick bursts and exclaims.
She has said yes to marry him.
Her father is happy  but does nt know  this is all Nick s controlling way to try and keep a hold.
She never said actually said yes.
Frankie had already promised to have dinner  and meet his parents.
She keeps her commitment.
The dinner goes bad.
When Morgan s mom asks.
Frankie leaves.
His mother did nt know.
Nick and his goons then find Frankie walking down the street and decide to drink it up and cruise the streets all night.
Nick sees Morgan s dad looking  and lies about being out of gas.
He hands Frankie his watch and tells her to ask the cab driver.
But.
It s Morgan s father.
She ca nt do it.
Nick asks why and says  It s.
That s Hiller s father over there is nt it.
Frankie runs over and tells him to go.
It s too late and Nick s gang attacks Morgan s father.
Morgan s father beats them down one  and even punches Nick.
But Nick pulls a gun and shoots Morgan s father.
Nick and the gang flee  leaving Frankie there on the sidewalk.
Morgan meets Frankie.
When he comes to see his dad.
She breaks down.
They go back.
They make love.
The sun comes up.
Later that day  Nick comes.
Nick beats  and makes Frankie call Morgan.
Nick tells Morgan to meet him.
Morgan goes.
Jimmy is not home  so Morgan leaves a note.
Morgan sneaks and slowly takes out Nick s gang one by one.
Jimmy shows up  but gets shot in the leg by Nick.
Morgan then has a final fight.
Order to save Frankie.
Nick gets hit off the stairs and falls to his death.
We see Morgan and Frankie walking into the club.
They went before together.
<EOS>
The story starts.
Shankar is with his next-door neighbors daughter Suvarnalata.
Who loves him too.
But her father Daya Shastri oppose.
Shankar and Suvarnalata always meet.
Him jealous and he and his wife Lakshmi call a pandit Aatmaram and asks.
The pandit is Shankar s friend and he tells Sona a.
K. 
A. 
Suvarnalata is she ready to marry him.
Sonu says make me a dus tola necklace.
Her father will give her hand.
Shankar toils to make the perfect dus tola necklace.
She accepts.
But  he tells her to accept the necklace.
When her father finds it.
The next day is daughter.
Daya shows the necklace off and says he gave it to.
Shankar is shocked and faints.
Is Geeta the village dance teacher  Bholenath  Atmaram  Sarpanch and Abdul.
When he wakes up around.
Who owns a shop.
Shankar goes to Sonu s house to tell her tomorrow.
She loves him tell her that he made the dus tola necklace.
The next day  Shankar and his friends go.
Sonu comes and says.
She does nt know that her father gave her.
Shankar is heartbroken.
Sonu marries a wealthy man.
Ravi goes to Dubai.
Sonu bears him a child.
Meanwhile Shankar tries to move on.
He opens.
His own shop called Shankar and Sons.
She slowly falls and thinks about him the whole time.
Geeta admires Shankar.
Qazi gives Shankar 10000 rupee and tells him to use it.
The richest guy wants to see his new wife.
When he really needs it.
Two months pass.
Ravi comes back to live with Sonu and his daughter  he says.
His Dubai visa expired.
He spent two months.
Geeta comes and asks to sell her earrings.
She is short to send home to her family.
Shankar remembers  she realises.
Qazi gave him money so he gives it.
Shankar really has a heart.
Ravi needs money to buy a truck.
He comes to Shankar to sell the dus tola necklace  the very necklace.
Sonu is always wearing.
Shankar toiled to make.
Shankar tests the gold and reveals.
It is fake.
Shankar and his friends are in a circle talking about.
What has transpired.
When Ravi comes.
A fight begins.
Atmaram escapes and calls Qazi s wife.
He is being injured.
She comes running.
Her face is revealed.
Shankar s father is brought in to see  he reprimands Shankar.
What the commotion is about.
Shankar explains  he had no money.
He had no choice.
He would have worked hard to give her a new real necklace.
Shankar admits his mistakes.
Who forgives him and returns.
The next time Shankar sees.
Geeta standing stop he pauses for her  realising that she is in fact the real gold.
The two find a happy ending.
<EOS>
Tyler Perry s gun-toting  irreverent granny Madea  played  has been entertaining theater audiences with plays like Diary of a Mad Black Woman and Madea s Family Reunion.
This time  Madea is traveling.
Running afoul  Madea still manages to teach valuable lessons amidst the comedy and chaos  addressing the importance of forgiveness and the value of friendship.
Madea and her colorful crazy neighbor and classmate  Mr Brown help married couple Corey and Trina Jeffrey come.
A woman hurt must give up prostituting herself with her abusive husband  and reconcile with her tired elderly mother.
Who was fired.
The insane bellboy/bartender  Dr Willie Leroy Jones  is causing ruckus in the already rowdy hotel.
Willie is suffering  claiming to have 27 people living in his head.
<EOS>
The film starts.
Jesse is going to catch a flight back to the United States.
Whereas Celine is returning after visiting her grandmother.
Jesse has to catch a flight early and does not have enough money to rent a room for the night  so they decide to roam around in Vienna.
They share a kiss at the top of the Wiener Riesenrad Ferris wheel at sunset and start to feel a romantic connection.
They begin to talk more openly  with conversations ranging from topics about love  life  religion  and their observations of the city.
They continue to roam around the city.
Celine tells Jesse.
Her last boyfriend broke up  claiming that she loved him too much.
Jesse reveals.
When questioned.
He had initially come to spend time with his girlfriend who was studying in Madrid.
They had broken up.
When she was avoiding him while he was there.
He decided to take a cheap flight out.
It did not leave.
He bought a Eurail pass and traveled.
They are approached.
When they are walking.
Who   offers to write them a poem with a word of their choice in it.
Jesse and Celine decide  and are soon presented with the poem Delusion Angel.
Jesse and Celine stage fake phone conversations with each other  playing each others  friends.
They pretend to call.
Celine reveals.
She was ready to get off the train before he convinced her.
Jesse reveals  and all he really wanted.
After he broke up  he bought a flight that really was not much cheaper.
Was an escape.
They admit their attraction.
Though they understand.
The night has made them feel.
They probably will not see each other again when they leave.
They simply decide to make the best.
What time they have left  ending the night.
Jesse explains.
If  he would marry her instead of never seeing her again.
The film ends the next day.
Where the two hastily agree to meet together as the train is about to leave.
<EOS>
A mysterious thief breaks into the National Museum  sneaks past its elaborate security system  and makes off with the fabled Pink Panther diamond  leaving a white monogrammed glove with a gold-tinted P as a calling card.
The Lugash Secret Police are brought in to investigate.
The Shah requests the assistance of Inspector Clouseau.
Clouseau has been demoted to beat cop.
Who despises Clouseau.
However  the French government forces Dreyfus to reinstate Clouseau as Inspector.
That he can go to investigate the theft of the Pink Panther.
Clouseau s investigations   lead him to believe.
He nearly destroys.
Sir Charles Lytton  the notorious Phantom  is re-creating the most famous heist.
Clouseau is delighted  and sees his chance to get revenge on Lytton for framing him and temporarily sending him to prison in the first film.
Sir Charles  having read  realizes.
He has been framed.
He goes to investigate and clear his name.
His bumbling allows him to survive several attempts by a mysterious assassin.
Clouseau fails to uncover any leads.
Clouseau is tricked into leaving France.
He follows Sir Charles  wife  Lady Claudine.
Where his attempts to investigate her repeatedly fail.
Meanwhile  Sir Charles manages to discover the identity - his wife.
She stole the diamond  and sent her husband on a wild goose chase.
They were both bored.
Sir Charles makes a daring escape and goes to Gstaad to find his wife and the diamond.
Inspector Clouseau   receives a telephone call.
Who has unknowingly been all along.
However   he is informed.
When Clouseau calls Dreyfus back to ask why.
Dreyfus has gone and will not be back until the following week.
Dreyfus  now revealed  prepares to shoot him with a sniper rifle as soon.
He enters Lady Claudine s room.
Lady Claudine playfully confesses the theft  and hands the diamond over to him  so he can go about proving his innocence.
They are cornered.
Who intends to kill them both.
It turns out.
He has been using the theft as an excuse to purge his political opponents.
Clouseau barges.
Sir Charles points out.
Colonel Sharki is going to kill them all.
Suddenly  Dreyfus opens fire  and accidentally kills Sharki while aiming at Clouseau.
Who ducks to check his fly.
The Lyttons escape.
Clouseau is promoted to Chief Inspector  and vows to bring Sir Charles to justice.
Lady Claudine s fate is not revealed.
It is implied.
She was not arrested.
Dreyfus is committed.
Where he is straitjacketed and placed  vowing revenge on Clouseau.
The animated Pink Panther enters the room.
<EOS>
Hamilton High School is no place.
Who cares.
Teacher Sam Decker  a former soldier  does nt care anymore.
He s quitting.
He returned to his inner city neighborhood to teach at the toughest school in town.
He wanted to make a difference.
Nothing does.
Frustrated and angered.
Does nt work.
But the day he does  he pulls one last detention duty.
It s a bad day.
But Hamilton High is about to become an all too real battleground.
When a well-organized group invade the supposedly deserted school after hours  using the school to hide $ 300 million worth of cocaine they ve hijacked.
The plan is to use the school auto shop to prep two police cars  stash the drugs  and drive away safely.
Led  the invaders are surprised to discover.
Sam and the kids are still inside the school.
The hunt is.
Lamb s henchmen ruthlessly stalk the teacher and students.
Sam and the kids band together and manage to combat the armed thugs and foil Lamb s perfectly planned crime.
They discover a sinister conspiracy.
Reaches. 
Paid-off local police and school security guards were supposed to make sure.
The school was empty.
But nobody figured Sam and his juvenile delinquents.
Lamb and his crew -- -- continue to stalk the students.
Who include Gloria Waylon  punkers Viktor and Alek.
But Sam still has a few tricks to teach the kids.
He s got some things to learn.
Tonight is survival.
<EOS>
Christine Chris Ramsey lies.
Meanwhile  three students  including Jim Green and his overweight  slobbish friend Bubba  sneak into Cherryvale to peek on the girls.
Jordan Leigh-Jenson  showering  sees and enlists Chris and Betsy s help to drive them away  the three boys fall off the side of the building.
The boys are peering.
The roommates light a bag of feces on fire and put it in front of Jordan s door.
About a week later   Chris reveals   Chris tells Jim.
Jim is her boyfriend.
The couple are dancing.
She s decided she wants to surrender her virginity.
The band plays a slow song.
Jordan dances alone and conspires.
Bubba  sporting an erection  sneaks off to the headmistress  office with Betsy to drink and have sex  however  the two are caught in the act by the headmistress and her friends.
The following day   Chris books a hotel for herself and Jim.
Students of the two schools are horseriding together.
Jordan trots past and flashes her breasts.
Where Chris and Jim are talking.
Betsy steals Jordan s shirt  forcing the latter to horseride nude in front of the headmistress et alumni.
That weekend  Jim goes to buy condoms but is distracted and ends up buying dental hygiene products   she is distracted and eventually seen by Miss Dutchbok.
When Chris goes to buy the protection herself.
Where Jim is forced to speak romantically by his friends.
The following day  Jim  Bubba  and another friend dress.
Order to sneak.
Jim is caught.
Who arouses him and forces him to give her a massage.
Meanwhile  Bubba meets up but leaves.
When she demands more.
He witnesses Jim massaging Jordan.
Bubba is exiting the building.
He falls off the ledge  meanwhile  Betsy catches Jim and tells Chris  leading breaking up.
When he is startled.
Jim asks for the help of her father.
She does  Chris and Jim then leave.
He and Betsy tell Chris to take Jim back.
Chris finds the hotel too kitschy.
Meanwhile  Jordan s father has sex.
The chauffeur Chauncey listens in.
Not long afterwards  Miss Dutchbok   have sex  Bubba and Betsy  looking to have another tryst  climb into the front seat and turn on the loudspeakers  ensuring and wide.
Who has mistaken Chauncey.
The sounds are carried far.
What Bubba has done.
Afterwards  Bubba begins hitting  eventually leading to Jordan paying him a midnight visit   she is apoplectic.
When Betsy catches them together.
The film ends.
Where the graduating girls moon the camera.
<EOS>
Holly Berenson is the owner.
Eric Messer  known  is a promising television technical sports director for the Atlanta Hawks.
Who will have sex.
Both are godparents.
Who decide to set them up.
However  Holly and Messer have only two things  their mutual dislike and their love for their goddaughter.
Holly and Messer learn.
Peter and Alison die.
Their friends have named them Sophie s joint guardians.
Holly and Messer must put their differences aside and move.
However  living together proves to be a struggle.
One night  Holly leaves Sophie.
She covers an important catering job - the same night that he is given the opportunity to direct a big basketball game.
Messer takes Sophie.
She constantly distracts him.
Messer and Holly argue.
When they get home.
Later they make up.
Holly meets Sam  Sophie s pediatrician  and finds.
Herself attracted.
They arrange a date.
Is cut short when Messer calls to tell Sam that Sophie has a high fever.
Sam and Holly go.
Messer sees Holly kiss Sam.
They discover.
The two guardians continue to care.
Raising a child is much more expensive than they had expected.
Holly can no longer afford to implement her plans to expand her business.
Messer offers to invest.
Eventually Holly agrees.
To cement the new relationship  they decide to go.
They have sex and begin to develop feelings.
Their Child Protective Services caseworker   tells them.
Who has previously advised them.
They must make a firm commitment either to stay together or to break up.
Anything would be bad for Sophie.
Messer is offered a job.
He seriously considers taking it up.
It has been his dream.
He does not  however  discuss it.
An upset Holly tells him to go and accuses him of looking for a way out of raising Sophie.
When she finds out.
Messer returns to Atlanta  hoping to patch things up with Holly  but finds her in a relationship with Doctor Love.
Messer and Holly argue.
Sam mentions they are planning to sell the house soon.
It is too expensive.
Messer insists.
Alison s wish together.
Sophie be raised  by them.
Holly consistently accuses Messer.
Messer points out how quickly she replaced him.
Messer leaves the dinner  planning to return.
Sam says.
Alone. 
If he and his ex-wife had fought that Messer and Holly did  they would still be together.
He tells Holly.
It is obvious she needs to work out her feelings  and leaves.
The next morning  the caseworker comes to determine.
Whether Holly and Messer are fit parents.
Holly realizes.
She ca nt take care without Messer  and that she loves him.
She and Sophie drive.
Holly rushes to buy tickets  but  on arriving at the gate  finds.
She has missed Messer.
She returns.
She finds him sitting inside.
He says.
He has realized that Peter and Alison chose them to be Sophie s guardians because they are a family.
They kiss.
The film ends  with neighbors  family and friends invited.
Holly has made an elaborate cupcake display  as well as a cake with the number 1 on it  to celebrate.
She and Messer have completed.
<EOS>
They transport drug kingpin Raymond Manta.
Erroneously informed  Jeff is forced to turn one-time courier.
His already slain family is being held hostage.
Whose leaders are Manta and four others -- Helmut Vitch  Milt Kowalski  Russ LaFleur  and Hansel Lee.
Jeff learns the truth about his family.
A devastated Jeff angrily sets out to exterminate the White Hand cartel.
Officially censured but unofficially aided  Jeff steals.
Whose mother was raped.
Some FBI files and kicks off his cartel extermination campaign.
Jeff sabotages LaFleur s liquid-heroin deal with a factory fire  and then at LaFleur s night club  Jeff finishes him off in full view of a satellite hook-up watched by Manta and Kowalski at their.
Jeff kills Lee in his heavily guarded mansion in Seattle.
The couple is apprehended  and then ambushed by Manta s men.
Megan arrives to speed up Jeff s getaway.
Jeff momentarily flees.
Megan is captured and taken away.
Tired  Manta kills Kowalski at his complex  but endures a savage beating from Jeff.
Who rescues Megan.
Manta says.
It s not over.
Manta grabs a gun.
Jeff plows into Manta  sending Manta through a window.
Manta takes a fall to his death.
Completes Jeff s mission to wipe out the White Hand cartel.
<EOS>
The city is rife with nefarious activities of land mafia.
There are two rival gangs  one.
Who resides and controls the operation through his capos Guru  Loggu and Mona.
The other gang is operated.
Who operates.
Both threaten builders and land owners  through means of force  extortion or murder.
Mohamed Maideen Khan arrives and starts cracking on goons in the city.
The movie begins.
Who will kill anyone  anytime  being chased by Loggu and his henchmen.
Tamizh has taken a contract to beat up Loggu.
He does successfully.
Impressed  Guru invites Tamizh to join Ali Bhai s gang.
Tamizh declines the offer stating.
He does not work  but is ready to do anything  given enough money.
Tamizh hangs around.
Include Saravana and Vaiyapuri.
Meanwhile  Tamizh encounters Shruthi.
When he visits his friend s father s aerobics class.
He is bowled over.
She disregards him.
Shruthi  a college going student  lives.
Body Soda  is a cowardly kung fu master.
Who lives next-door and is the main source of comic relief of the film.
He is trying to win her heart  but has had trouble doing so.
Sub inspector L.
Govindan  is a corrupt  perverted officer.
Where Tamizh and Shruthi live.
He goes hand  often helping them out in their activities.
He is also.
He is also a lecherous man.
Whose eye falls.
He decides to make her his mistress.
Tamizh s first assignment is to kill a member of Narasiman s gang.
However  police show up.
Where Tamizh and the other gangsters are waiting.
Tamizh distracts the cops long enough to finish the task and flee.
He also helps Shruthi escape.
Govindan.
She is impressed and starts developing friendship with him.
He also starts having feelings.
Are reciprocated.
They are attacked.
When she expresses her feelings.
Whom Tamizh single handedly finishes off.
Shruthi is shocked to learn.
Tamizh is a seasoned gangster and has no qualms.
L.
Govindan starts harassing Shruthi and her mother  and wants them to cater.
Shruthi is about to get married.
Her mother will accept his demands.
Tamizh gets wind.
Govindan s incognito  warning him will turn very ugly.
If he is responsible things.
Later  Tamizh finds out the thugs  came to disturb her.
Who puts up a mock show.
Tamil catches up the train and kills them.
There Shruti confesses.
She can not forget Tamizh.
She is loves him a lot.
They get together.
Unable to withstand the interference into his gangs operations  Ali Bhai comes to Chennai and kills Narasiman alone.
He also meets Tamizh to discuss the killing of a minister by blowing up a bomb.
Tamizh however  disagrees.
It is his principle not to kill women and children.
Police raid the club and arrest Ali Bhai.
His gang members retaliate.
Is then released.
This forces the police to release Ali Bhai.
Ali Bhai starts torturing the Commissioner s daughter.
His name is Tamizh.
This causes a lot.
They find  Shanmugavel was formerly a circle inspector.
Tamizh s friend s father.
His son Sathyamoorthy is now a part.
Assuming him to be the mole  Ali Bhai kills Sathyamoorthy.
However  it is then revealed  but the foster son.
The person who died is not the son.
Who was called Saravannan.
It is then revealed.
The actual son  is none other than Tamil.
His father explains.
Thamizh is a gold medalist IPS officer  who has been masquerading so that he can penetrate the underworld and wipe it out from the inside.
There Ali Bhai kills the father hoping.
Tamizh will come looking.
Tamizh goes to seek revenge.
Where Shruti tries to stop him.
He leaves her and goes to find them.
The movie concludes.
<EOS>
Christy Sloane is sent to inform Peter Ulysses Lockwood.
He has inherited 2 million dollars.
Constantly broke.
Christy is in financial straits.
Her friend advises her to not tell Peter the news.
She snags him.
Christy dismisses the idea and leaves.
Peter is a famous radio personality.
Taking one look  Christy swoons  interrupting him on the way to his wedding.
The zany hijinks include Christy being mistaken  Peter and Christy being stuck somewhere between Los Angeles and La Jolla  and their rescuers mistaking them for newlyweds.
When Peter accidentally drives.
Peter asks his best man  Roland Cook  to help him.
Roland only causes more trouble.
He is.
<EOS>
Roy Rogers  a horse dealer and a peddler  is hoping to mate his mare named Lady with Golden Sovereign  a stallion owned by rancher Gabby Kendrick.
Kendrick refuses  preferring to mate the stallion.
Brett Scoville  a wealthy rancher and nightclub owner  wants to mate the stallion as well.
Steals the stallion.
Golden Sovereign breaks free  finds Lady  and has a romantic interlude in the hills.
A search is raised to find Golden Sovereign.
Scoville accidentally shoots and kills the horse.
When Golden Sovereign is attacked a wild stallion.
Roy arrives and chases Scoville off with a bullet but can not later identify him as the killer.
It looks.
Roy is responsible.
He is arrested.
He jumps bail  and takes off.
Months later  Lady gives birth.
Roy names  the horse becomes his mount.
Him Trigger and.
Roy returns to present Trigger as a gift to Kendrick.
The gift is declined.
Roy is jailed.
Trigger is auctioned to pay Roy s debts.
Scoville acquires the horse and   hires him to train Trigger.
When the case is dropped.
A year later  Scoville and Susan Kendrick enter their horses.
Roy is riding Scoville s Trigger.
Scoville promises him ownership.
He win the race.
Roy is reluctant.
Learning Scoville killed Golden Sovereign.
However  Roy races and aids Susan.
When Scoville s men hold her horse.
Susan wins the race  and  consequently  Roy loses possession of Trigger.
Later  Scoville is arrested  and  Roy finally comes into possession of Trigger through Kendrick.
Eventually  Roy is employed.
Trigger becomes the father.
<EOS>
The film depicts the Jacobite Rebellion and its aftermath  and escaped to the Continental Europe with the help of Flora MacDonald.
When the Jacobite pretender Charles Edward Stuart evaded capture.
<EOS>
The film starts by Perlasca.
Reveals the historical background told.
Disturbed he is warned of the raid of Arrow Cross storm troopers coming up on the stairs to arrest him.
He escapes and manages to get at the railway station.
Where he tries to sneak.
Discovered.
He is put.
He arrives.
Where he is trying to get from Contessa Eleonora about resistance members ready to help him in leaving the country.
Meanwhile another squad captain Bleiber arrive on the scene and arrest some of the party guests.
The contessa uses her social rank to elude and sends Perlasca to Professor Balazs.
Who rescues Jews.
Perlasca follows the advise and goes but the place is again investigated by Bleiber.
Where he spends the night.
His henchman Lieut.
Nagy.
The Professor evades the.
The Jews - afraid - leave the house and subsequently runs into the trap of Bleiber  who is waiting outside and slaughter them with a night raid.
Perlasce survives.
They reach the Spanish Embassy where - thanks by Francisco Franco - he is granted to speak with the ambassador Sanz Briz.
He sends them thus no Hungarian laws apply in them.
They are accompanied.
There Perlasca meets some refugees and unifies the opposing Jewish parties within the house.
He and the lawyer leave the house.
S drink.
He begins searching first in the railway station.
Where the fascists has already started to gather and load the Jews to wagons ready to roll out.
He confronts Gluckmer.
Who helps him.
Perlasca is sent.
Who is easy to bribe.
He cheats and actually calls more people to his truck.
It is permitted.
He then visits an Arrow Cross Interrogation base.
Where he finds a lot but saves those few who survived the torture with Magde among them.
Returning  Briz tells him.
They withdraw and cease to operate.
This is the point.
Where Perlasca decides to take the role and to lie to be of Spanish nationality and make others call him Jorge.
He refuses to let the Arrow troopers and acts.
If the Embassy would still functioning thus is a neutral territory.
He organizes education  alert duty and supplies.
He visits Gabor Vajna  the Arrow Cross Interior Minister as a consul and claim.
The Jews housed are Sephardi Jews.
Meanwhile Lt.
Nagy collects - - the protected Jews to the streets to dump debris caused by air raids.
He attempts to escort the group  but is stopped again by a dispatch reporting Perlasca and Vajna s agreement.
Then comes the aforementioned encounter.
Where Perlasca saves the lives.
He then falsifies 5000 ` Schutzbriefs.
When he is informed.
He still chooses to stay.
Magda s life is.
A final raid results in Nagy taking all the Jews to the Danube bank.
Perlasca is attending where he tries to borrow a train wagon for his proteges to be sent to Switzerland.
Magda s father is shot by a young militiaman.
Running away.
Who tries to test him.
He can not do so.
The soldier yells.
Where is our father.
<EOS>
Dimples is a Bowery busker living.
She is hired to entertain.
Mrs Drew is so charmed.
She opens her home and heart  providing her a life of comfort and plenty.
Mrs Drew s nephew Allen  a theatrical producer  abandons his sweetheart Betty Loring.
His family is scandalized.
Allen pursues his goal.
Dimples longs for her grandfather and returns to his humble dwelling  refusing to budge without the old man in tow.
Mrs Drew traces Dimples is found to the impasse.
Allen realizes.
He loves Betty and is reunited.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A couple is attacked.
Making out.
The hippie slashes the woman to death with the knife  then sexually assaults her corpse.
Charged are Sergeant Connor and Detective Haller.
Whose main suspect is the man who found the bodies  a retired army colonel named Peter Wayne.
Routinely intruding is stubborn local reporter Susan Rather  the occasional lover of Assistant District Attorney Ralph Kennedy.
Two more couples are butchered  one in their van  and the other in an abandoned factory.
The modus operandi is the same.
The theory is strengthened.
Wayne is the killer.
When he goes.
Connor finds.
After another couple is killed.
Wayne  who he had discovered had lived where similar crimes have occurred.
However   Wayne is let go.
Connor and Haller are approached by Susan.
Who claims that Ralph is the Lake Front Butcher.
Susan explains.
She had earlier snuck to look through the case files  and found out that the ex-boyfriend of the very first victim was named Joseph Ralph Dwyer  which is Ralph s birth name.
Searching  the trio track him down to the abandoned factory.
Where he is killed  though only after claiming the lives of another young couple  completing his pattern for the fifth time.
<EOS>
Father Charles Chuck OMalley  the unconventional priest  continues his work for the Catholic Church.
This time.
He is assigned.
Mary s  a run-down New York City inner-city Catholic school.
OMalley feels.
The children sent with modern facilities  but the sisters feel.
God will provide.
They put their hopes.
Bogardus  a businessman.
Who has built a modern building next door and which they hope he will donate to them.
Father OMalley and the dedicated but stubborn Sister Mary Benedict have to work together to save the school.
Their different views and methods often lead.
Towards the end  however  Sister Benedict contracts tuberculosis  and is transferred.
She assumes.
The transfer is.
OMalley informs her.
She has tuberculosis  and that is the reason she is being sent away.
She then leaves willingly and happily.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
Follows a slaughterhouse process.
The woman operating the sausage machine is interrupted.
Who has timed the machine using his watch.
He stops the machine  wraps up a string  and marks the package with an address in Chicago.
It is later revealed.
Weenie is the brother.
The particular sausages were made from the Chicago Irish mob sent to Kansas City to collect $ 500000 from Mary Ann.
Weenie was wrapping.
He contacts Nick Devlin  an enforcer.
The head receives the package.
Whom he has worked previously  in order to go to collect the debt.
He tells Devlin and.
Another enforcer sent was found floating in the Missouri River.
Devlin agrees and asks for some additional muscle.
He receives a driver and three other younger members.
Who makes Devlin meet his mother as he leaves Chicago.
It is later revealed.
Devlin and Mary Ann have a shared history.
Devlin and his men drive.
They stop.
Where Devlin finds Weenie.
He beats up Weenie and tell him to inform Mary Ann.
He is to collect the debt.
The next day Devlin and his men find Mary Ann.
Where Mary Ann is entertaining guests.
He demands the money.
Who tells him to come the next day to get it.
Mary Ann tells Devlin.
Chicago is an old sow  begging.
One   begs Devlin for help.
They are standing next with naked young women offered for auction.
Who is later revealed to have the name Poppy.
Devlin takes her.
Back he puts the woman in a large bed in their suite to recuperate.
She tells Devlin.
When she wakes up.
They were both brought.
Devlin promises to take her.
The next day  in the midst of a livestock judging competition  Mary Ann gives Devlin a box.
Supposedly contains the money.
He finds.
When Devlin cracks the box open.
It contains only beef hearts.
Betrayed   Violet distracts Weenie.
His men can take Devlin away.
Who claimed her.
Devlin is able to escape.
Mary Ann s men chase Devlin  his men  and Poppy.
OBrien is killed.
Devlin and Poppy escape.
Where they escape detection.
However  they are chased.
When they try to leave the field.
Poppy falls.
Running. 
They are nearly sliced.
Devlin and Poppy are saved in their car.
They abandon and let ram.
Devlin s driver kills the combine operator.
The entire car is demolished by the threshing apparatus and turned into bales of hay and metal.
Devlin and his men hitch a ride back.
Their car destroyed.
Devlin jumps off the truck and sends the rest of them with Poppy back into town.
He enters.
A houseboat  the luxurious accommodations  purchased for her by Mary Ann  who is there alone.
He gets information.
Clarabelle attempts to seduce him.
He rebuffs her.
Clarabelle tells him she would be perfectly happy.
Joining Devlin again.
Devlin finds an ambulance  with one of his men being hauled away.
When he returns.
He learns.
Mary Ann s men ambushed them and took Poppy.
He finds.
When he returns.
Violet has been.
He and his two remaining men drive out.
Devlin takes out a Smith & Wesson M76 submachine gun from a case.
Devlin stops the car.
They approach the farm and engage in a long gun battle with Mary Ann s men.
Both are hit.
He tells them to stay behind.
He advances.
Unable to get  he stops a semi truck driver hauling livestock.
He commandeers the truck and uses it ram the gate and smash  demolishing it.
Devlin kills several then advances into the barn.
Where Mary Ann and his brother are holding Poppy.
He hits Mary Ann.
Who falls injured.
Enraged  Weenie runs toward Devlin.
Who kills him.
Weenie tries to stab Devlin.
He dies.
Devlin carries Poppy.
They pass the wounded Mary Ann  flat  next to a sow pen.
Mary Ann taunts Devlin to kill him  telling him to finish him off.
He would an animal.
Devlin tells him.
Since Mary Ann is not an animal  he wo nt do that.
He walks away  leaving Mary Ann to die.
<EOS>
Socialite Molly Lasch is released after serving a six-year sentence for the murder of her husband  Dr Gary Lasch.
Now   Molly sets out to prove her innocence.
Together they uncover a conspiracy.
Could cost both women their lives.
<EOS>
Mausam is the story.
Harry is a Punjabi.
Whereas Aayat is a Kashmiri girl.
The two meet and fall in love at Mallukot  Punjab.
Where Harry s family is.
But  Aayat leaves with her uncle and aunt.
They get to spend some time together.
Harry joins the Indian Air Force.
Harry  now a Squadron Leader meets Aayat in Scotland.
Where they get closer once again.
However   the Kargil occupation happens in Kashmir.
Harry is called back to fight in the war  fate separating them once more.
They begin to long for each other.
Harry paralyzes his left arm.
They both want to speak.
Fate always brings them closer and then separates them again.
In Ahmedabad during Post-Godhra riots  they finally find each other and decide to settle down.
An orphan child rescued from the riot  with a child of their own on the way.
<EOS>
David  a disillusioned doctor  travels.
Who has her own problems.
<EOS>
The Stooges tells their infant sons a story.
They blasted.
The Stooges are assistants to Professor Jones.
Who travel.
The planet s leader  the Grand Slitz greets them cordially enough.
It soon becomes apparent.
He has plans to bring prehistoric men and take over the planet Earth.
No sooner does Professor Jones catch.
Does he end up being tied up.
The Stooges engage in some flirtatious activity with several Sunevian girls.
An alien leader  known officially as The High Mucky Muck tells the Stooges to eat heartily and enjoy their meal.
It will be their last.
The trio make a quick dash.
The boys manage to free Professor Jones and destroy the equipment.
Would have conquered the Earth.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Medha is an.
Medha becomes pregnant.
She denies abortion and gives birth.
Medha was not married.
Many years later   comes to meet Shubhankar  discloses and requests him to take Megh into his care.
When Medha is suffering.
Subhankar is married to Vidhi.
So  he feels hesitant and shocked.
Medha stays and tells Vidhi.
She is Shubhankar s distant relative.
Vidhi starts caring like her own and makes her stay with them.
The treatment is over.
Medha s condition worsens.
Finally she dies.
<EOS>
Lloyd is a serious young middle-class guy.
Who wants to marry the boss  daughter.
The problem is getting in to see the boss  the office is guarded.
That he can ask.
Who throw everyone out who tries to get in.
Lloyd decides to be sensible.
He settles.
The film includes a brief wall climbing sequence.
Light-hearted  short .
<EOS>
The Seventh Bullet is set after the Russian Civil War.
Ended when Soviet power established itself in Central Asia in the wake of the Basmachi rebellion.
The Seventh Bullet is closer to a typical war film than other Red Westerns because of a prominence of tactical resourcefulness in the development of the plot.
Westerns to the many Apache war films.
This is a staple of many American.
Basmachis continue to arrive from across the border  bringing death and destruction to peaceful villages.
One is led by Khairulla.
Who is pitted.
It seems hopeless for Maxumov.
The rebels capture most  winning them over to his side.
He has only one strategy left  to give himself up  and try to explain.
Khairulla has deceived them  turning the soldiers back.
He chases Khairulla across a river.
<EOS>
Kate is a British film director.
Traces the story.
Silvia has a dark past  stemming.
When she endured her husband s forced disappearance.
Silvia wants to move on and concentrate on her family.
But she is eventually persuaded.
<EOS>
35 years ago  a college professor named Norihasa Omori films himself killing 11 as a part of his wish to understand reincarnation.
Then  he commits suicide.
The footage of the murders has disappeared.
Horror movie director  Ikuo Matsumura  decides to make a film about the massacre.
Nagisa Sugiura  the actress  is haunted.
The date draws near.
Who is set to star.
She begins to hallucinate.
She is plagued.
Yayoi Kinoshita wakes up.
Which the professor publicly opposes the ideas.
She decides to write an essay supporting cryptomnesia and meets Yuka Morita.
Who was shown auditioning.
Yuka says.
She remembers things and reveals a mark that would appear to be evidence of strangling on her neck  which reveals that she has the same vision as Nagisa  but that had been there since she was born.
Yayoi and Yuka check out the college library.
Mysterious forces dragged Yuka away.
Meanwhile  Nagisa begins to believe.
She is the reincarnation until she finds someone else in the cubby where the little girl was slain.
Realizing  the actors are drawn back to the places.
She is not the real reincarnation.
Where they died.
She then becomes shocked.
She is the reincarnation.
Bound  Nagisa is haunted by the souls of her previous incarnation s children.
Ayumi Omori  the professor s wife  gives Nagisa her childrens  favourite toys.
She screams.
They are shoved.
Calms down closed in.
<EOS>
Michael and Patricia fall in love  marry and become expectant parents  only to discover.
They are really half-brother and.
<EOS>
The film is based under the command of General Draza Mihailovich.
But politics overtook the situation.
The Royalists were about to be abandoned and betrayed in favor of the Communist and Stalinist leader Josip Broz Tito at the time.
Speaking  the then Prime Minister  Winston Churchill  said  General Mihailovic  I much regret to say  drifted gradually into position  The screenplay  by John Dighton and Monja Danischewsky  was accordingly amended and the movie.
Where his commanders made accommodations.
It was a black and white war movie.
Focused in Belgrade  Serbia.
One brother  Captain Milosh Petrovitch  a Yugoslav military officer  played  emerges as a Serbian guerrilla.
Who forms an anti-Nazi resistance movement.
The other brother  Dr Stephan Petrovitch  played  is a physician in the Belgrade Municipal Hospital.
Who acts to obtain information for the guerrillas.
German General von Staengel  played  does not suspect.
Stephan is an undercover agent.
Using information obtained  the guerrillas are able to ambush a German train and to free Yugoslav POWs  wound General Staengel  and to blow up a strategic railway tunnel in the mountains.
German troops under Colonel von Brock  played by Robert Harris  execute six Serbian schoolchildren in retaliation and as a lesson.
Anna Petrovitch  Milosh s wife  is taken prisoner and interrogated.
She escapes and rejoins Milosh.
Stephan manages to plant explosives.
He sets to go off.
His father Kossan  played  is captured by German troops and placed on the train to deter an attack.
Stephan and Kossan are both killed.
When the explosives go off and destroy the train and the tunnel.
Staengel orders.
Orders retaliatory strikes.
The climax is a pitched battle.
The Serbian guerrillas defeat the German troops and retreat to continue the guerrilla war against Axis occupation forces.
<EOS>
Devdas is a professional photographer.
He meets a melancholy woman.
Who boards the train.
He helps her and tries to strike up a conversation.
She only tells him.
Her name is Sitaara and that she has nowhere to go.
The reticent Sitara intrigues Devdas.
Who takes pity and offers her shelter at his home.
Devdas sees the photogenic face and helps her become a model and film star.
Eventually   he develops a liking.
He manages her dates and schedules.
He gets insulted.
When a Sitaara vehemently rejects going.
An upset Devdas demands an explanation and forces her to reveal her traumatic past.
Sitaara is an innocent sister.
She is kept indoors and restrained from meeting with the outside world.
Is the custom long ago.
The zamindar has heavy debts and conceals this fact the misfortune behind the walls of his palace  hoping to win a case in the court.
Will restore the ancestral wealth and hence the glory.
A group of drama artists come to the village to perform and make their living.
Every day  they start their performance.
The zamindar is away.
There is no one to watch or reward them.
The youngest artist is irritated by this.
Others convince him to perform in front of the zamindar s closed doors.
One day  Sitaara watches Suman s performance and takes a liking for him.
He sees her watching him.
The next day performs  surprising his colleagues.
Eventually Sitaara falls with Suman.
They go out together.
He quietly sends henchmen to kill Suman.
When the zamindar comes to know.
Sitaara believes but  being unable to confront her brother  suffers silently.
Suman is killed.
The zamindar loses his court case.
Afraid.
He has been trying to save.
Sitaara runs away and meets Devdas in the train.
Devdas tries to help her out.
Her past is revealed.
He learns.
Suman was not killed when the zamindar sent his men to beat him.
He tries to track him and leaves Sitaara.
Meanwhile  Sitaara attempts suicide.
Devdas wanted to marry her.
Suman comes to know and comes.
Sitaara is searching.
Devdas manages to unite them.
<EOS>
Dave  a dealer  and Ronnie  a stay-at-home mom  are a typical couple with two young boys.
They experience various stresses.
Joey and Lucy are high school sweethearts.
Their relationship is.
Jason and Cynthia are a neurotic couple.
Who ve experienced multiple failed attempts to conceive.
Shane   has a much younger twenty-year-old girlfriend  Trudy.
Who has recently separated.
Jason and Cynthia  using PowerPoint  announce their troubled marriage and.
They are considering divorce because they can not have a baby.
They have found a couples therapy resort named Eden.
A deal called.
The Pelican Package is half the normal cost if they can get three other couples to join them.
They show beautiful pictures of sunlit beaches and beautiful locations.
They also assure the others.
The couples therapy is purely optional.
Dave and Ronnie discuss their inability to go and decline the trip.
Their home security alarm is activated.
When Jason shows up unexpectedly to further sell the idea.
The commotion wakes the kids.
Who have overheard their parents  conversations.
Fearing  the kids have already arranged to babysit.
Their parents are contemplating divorce.
Their parents can go.
The retreat proves to be divided.
West is and uses the tagline Stay Together.
East is and uses the tagline Come Together.
East and West attendees are not allowed to intermingle.
The four couples are shown their villas.
Informs them that couples therapy.
Starts. 
M. 
Is actually mandatory.
It will be taken.
Any couple fails to attend.
They want to leave.
A refund will be given.
Not. 
The group debates.
What to do.
They decide to put up with a couple of hours of therapy.
Order to enjoy the other amenities.
Each couple meets with an assigned therapist.
All four couples learn.
They have problems  even Ronnie and Dave  who thought they were fine.
They endure resort owner Marcel s unusual methods.
Trudy escapes to Eden East.
The other seven  encouraged.
Who is unsatisfied.
The men and women split up.
The men end up arguing and pointing.
They try to find their way.
The women run.
Who takes them.
The men come.
Where they find Sctanley playing Guitar Hero.
He threatens to report them.
Dave challenges him.
Sctanley   directs them to Eden East.
Though he knows he was tricked.
Dave realizes.
When they arrive.
What a good thing he has.
He goes to be alone at a waterfall.
Joey finds Lucy and knocks him out  reuniting with his wife.
Cynthia and Jason share drinks and end.
Shane runs.
Who admits she still loves him.
Shane tells Trudy to remain and enjoy being single  then leaves with his.
All four couples return.
Marcel  seeing  really enjoy the rest.
The couples have worked  frees them from the therapy and allows them to go jet skiing  and with that.
<EOS>
Visiting a health studio the daughter of millionaire P.
J.
Downing  is kidnapped.
Her father turns  Eliot Draisen   to investigate the case.
Who is president.
Eliot is reluctant to supply P.
J.
Because   Eliot.
It turns out.
Himself is the organizer.
But to give the appearance.
J.
The services of the agency s founders.
Eliot talks up Harry s detecting skills to persuade P.
J.
That he s the right man.
He secretly knows.
Harry is incompetent and counts.
Crumb returns from an assignment in the firm s Tulsa branch office.
He immediately begins his investigation  assisted.
Who is considerably smarter than he is.
Crumb s tendency to mix fact  however  does not prevent him from noticing.
Nikki s stepmother  Helen Downing  is having an affair.
Crumb comes to the conclusion.
She is.
Helen is also the object.
All is money   she tries to get rid of her husband on several occasions and even does her best - along with Barnes - to get the ransom for herself.
She is interested.
Draisen manages to outwit Crumb and the police.
He escapes  from.
Where he intends to depart.
But he makes the mistake  she and Barnes take the money and leave him  tied up and gagged  in a utility room at the airport.
Crumb and Nikki manage to trail the kidnapper.
Where the detective corners Helen and Barnes just as their plane prepares to take off.
Crumb and the police find Draisen.
Jennifer is freed.
Fed up confesses and is sent to prison.
Crumb takes over as the new president of his family s business.
Where a new case immediately piques his personal attention.
<EOS>
The film follows four families.
The various story lines cross each other time and again  with their own theme scores.
Evolve. 
An aspiring dancer Tatiana marries a man  Boris.
Who will give her a son just before he is killed.
Karl Kremer s success as a pianist is confirmed.
When he receives praise - something which will haunt him throughout his life.
A young violinist Anne falls in love with a Jewish pianist  Simon Meyer  they marry and produce a son.
They end up.
Jack Glenn is making his name with his popular jazz band.
Twenty years on  their children are reliving their experiences.
Anne Meyer continues her hopeless quest to find the son.
She was forced to abandon.
The main event is the Second World War.
Throws the stories together and mixes their fates.
Many are loosely based on historical musical icons.
All characters are fictional.
The Bolero dance sequence brings all the threads together.
<EOS>
A failed window dresser named Nikki overhears.
Nikki makes several attempts at exploiting his uniqueness to the public.
Eugene wishes to avoid public attention.
There is never any explanation.
<EOS>
Raja is the son.
James was a criminal.
Who was killed in front of Florence.
James gave a new-born baby before dying and tells her to take care of him.
This toddler is Raja.
Raja has Morarilal and Deepak as friends.
Gulshan  aka Gullu  is another boy.
Who hates Raja.
Priya  the sister  joins the college.
Priya begins to fall for him.
Various college girls get killed by a mysterious killer.
Inspector Chauhan is given charge.
Raja accidentally realizes the connection - Professor Verma.
He decides.
Raja realizes that Verma was the person these girls frequently met.
Either the professor knows something  or is the killer.
The Professor is beaten up.
Raja stabs him.
Next day  everyone is shocked.
Inspector Chauhan starts taking fingerprints in the college.
Raja  terrified  gives unclear fingerprints.
He turned out just.
Gullu makes.
Him realize that  he has actually incriminated himself.
He realizes.
When Raja learns that the murder was committed and that Priya s nephew has suddenly become silent since the day of murder.
Priya s nephew has seen him.
Inspector Chauhan finds out - they were victims of a sex scandal.
The girls were murdered.
Raja is immediately branded.
To make matters worse  Priya s nephew identifies him.
Now  Raja has to run to save his life.
Gullu joins to find evidence in his favour.
Dead bodies start dropping.
Chauhan eventually arrests Raja and interrogates him.
Raja tells the truth  but is shocked to learn.
The Professor was stabbed 46 times.
He realizes and is still  tying up all leads.
The Professor was killed.
Realizing  he escapes and kidnaps Chauhan s son from the hospital.
Chauhan s son is.
Chauhan s son says.
When Raja asks him why he told a lie.
He did not.
Just then  the real killer comes to kill Chauhan s son.
Raja is shocked to see.
The killer is Deepak.
Deepak says.
He and Verma were involved.
The victims were killed.
They were threatening to expose Deepak.
Deepak saw an opportunity to eliminate his partner and make his side safe.
When Verma was stabbed.
Then he saw Chauhan s son and knew.
He had another problem.
Deepak killed every person.
Who knew his secret  as incriminating Raja was his only option.
The reason Chauhan s son pointed.
The killer was that Deepak was standing.
Deepak dies.
When Inspector Chauhan arrives.
Chauhan lets.
Raja go  telling him that his mother is.
Raja succeeds.
The statement proves his innocence.
<EOS>
All but one of the white residents of a remote missionary post are women.
Miss Agatha Andrews is the head.
Charles Pether is a mission teacher  his peevish  middle-aged wife Florrie is pregnant.
Emma Clark is the only young staff member.
Everyone is elated to learn.
A much-needed doctor is arriving.
However  they are all shocked to discover that Dr D.
R.
Cartwright is a woman.
Who smokes  wears pants and disdains religion.
She and Andrews are soon.
Clark   is fascinated  much to Andrews  great dismay.
Who has led a very sheltered life.
Cartwright urges Andrews to provide money to send Florrie Pether.
She has settled.
She is too old to give birth safely.
Andrews refuses.
Meanwhile  there are rumors.
Andrews is certain.
The mission will be safe  as they are American citizens.
She remains unconcerned even.
When the nearby Chinese garrison flees.
Andrews reluctantly accepts survivors Miss Binns  Mrs Russell and Miss Ling  but only.
A nearby  even poorer British mission is sacked.
She is unwilling to harbor those for long.
One night  Charles sees a fire and hears gunfire  so he and Kim drive out to investigate.
Someone opens the gate.
When the car returns and its horn is honked.
Bandits charge in firing their guns and quickly take over the mission.
Kim tells the women.
He is shot.
Charles was murdered when he tried to rescue a woman being assaulted.
The seven women are herded.
Cartwright asks for her desperately needed medical bag.
Tunga Khan offers to exchange it to him.
The doctor agrees.
A baby boy survives his birth.
Andrews vilifies her  calling her the whore  among other things.
Cartwright goes to fulfill her end.
The others  however  understand the sacrifice.
The doctor has made and why.
The bandits enjoy watching a wrestling match.
Tunga Khan insists.
When a lean warrior steps.
Tunga Khan breaks the man s neck  ending a possible threat.
Cartwright manages to convince Tunga Khan to let the other women go.
She sees the doctor hide a bottle.
Miss Binns leaves.
She had earlier called poison.
She urges Cartwright not to do  but.
What she is planning.
Away  Cartwright secretly poisons two drinks.
He immediately keels.
Tunga Khan drinks one.
She utters  So long ya bastard.
<EOS>
The film opens.
He becomes upset and leaves without a word.
He then enters a toilet and sets his glass on the floor near the urinal.
Some splashes into the glass.
He urinates.
He picks it up and stops just as he s about to drink  looks to the camera and says  What do you take me for  a cunt.
He comes.
Who recruits him to be an enforcer.
The Gangster is eager to please  and proves his loyalty by enthusiastically dropping a car onto a mechanic s head.
The mechanic attempts to stab Mays.
The Gangster quickly becomes obsessed.
The Gangster s obsession becomes more intense.
The Gangster soon discovers.
Mays  main rival  Lenny Taylor  is planning.
The Gangster decides to let the attack take place  even killing a member of his own gang.
Who was set.
The attack goes on.
Planned. 
The Gangster sits in a car nearby to watch and cut his fiancee Karen s neck.
The assassins gun Mays down.
That same night  the Gangster shoots Lenny  and then calmly turns up the Hi-Fi to drown.
The resulting screams and removes his suit to avoid any ill effects.
The Gangster tortures Lenny  all amid a constant stream of kicks and verbal abuse.
He finally kills Taylor.
Continuing to curse.
Most is shown from Taylor s point-of-view  with images and sounds fading in and out.
The victim moves in and out and slowly dies.
Mays and Karen do not die in the attack.
However  Mays is unjustly convicted and sent to prison for 30 years  with a minimum of.
The Gangster consolidates his power over the city s underworld.
He organizes a bank heist  runs a casino  fixes horse races  and builds his gang to 300 men strong.
The film returns to 1999  with the Gangster once again portrayed by McDowell.
Mays comes out a changed man  holding a bachelor of arts degree.
The Gangster is ready.
Mays seemingly has no fight left  wanting only to marry Karen and retire in peace.
He tells the Gangster.
He is welcome and will not stand in his way.
The Gangster is infuriated  and threatens Mays.
Mays is seemingly happier than the Gangster is with everything.
He then gives Mays the gun and begs him to kill him.
Mays merely smirks and leaves  saying.
Who d wan na be Freddie Mays.
The Gangster loses his mind and ends standing on top of a tall block of flats in his underwear  throwing money in the air and laughing maniacally.
He finally leaps off the building  declaring  I m number one.
<EOS>
Giselle lives  an animated fairy tale world devoid of problems.
Which there are talking animals and happy endings.
Prince Edward  Giselle s designated true love  saves her.
They plan to get married the following day.
Meanwhile  Queen Narissa  Edward s stepmother  schemes to protect the throne.
The queen  disguised  sends Giselle to New York City s Times Square  designating it as a place.
Where there are no happily ever afters.
Including a minor car accident  an accidental subway ride with a crowd of people.
Having her tiara stolen  Giselle runs into a brightly lit billboard  featuring a huge pink castle  advertising The Palace casino.
Mistaking the billboard image  Giselle attempts to enter the structure.
She falls and is rescued.
Morgan  Robert lets Giselle stay at their apartment.
She revives the lifestyle of her home world  recruiting urban animals - pigeons  cockroaches and rats - to do the housework.
She fashions a dress out.
Nancy Tremaine  Robert s girlfriend  misunderstands the situation and has a falling out.
Robert wants them both to separate  but eventually believes.
That he can continue.
Giselle needs his protection.
Giselle questions the divorce lawyer  and decides to help the pair reconcile by sending flowers and tickets to the King and Queen s Ball.
Meanwhile  Narissa s henchman  Nathaniel  follows Prince Edward and his chipmunk Pip.
Who have journeyed to rescue Giselle.
Nathaniel has been given three poisoned apples.
To use.
Nathaniel attempts to kill Giselle by disguising himself as a vendor and one of the poisoned fruits as a caramel apple.
The plan fails.
When Giselle inadvertently throws the disguised apple  lodging it in a cyclist s helmet.
Nathaniel questions his servile relationship after watching a television soap opera  but decides to fulfill the queen s order.
Nathaniel serves Giselle a poisoned apple martini  but is stopped by Pip.
Angered  Narissa comes to New York City.
Giselle discovers.
Giselle and Robert spend more time together.
The real world is much more complicated than she realized and that she has grown feelings.
Edward continues to look  eventually finding her at Robert s apartment.
She insists.
Edward is eager to take Giselle home and marry.
They first go.
They end their date.
Giselle dances with Robert.
Giselle realizes.
Robert is her true love.
Edward and Nancy seem to realize the attraction  and also discover a mutual attraction between themselves.
Narissa manages to poison Giselle before being captured by Edward.
Nathaniel reveals.
One must kiss Giselle to break the poison apple s spell.
Robert kisses her.
Edward s kiss fails to wake Giselle up.
Giselle awakens and admits.
She knew Robert was her one true love.
Narissa uses the distracting moment to break free and transform.
Narissa takes Robert hostage.
When Robert protects Giselle.
Giselle follows Narissa the window and up Building.
Giselle and Robert are saved.
Narissa falls.
Giselle and Robert share a passionate kiss.
Giselle uses her magical dress-making talents to successfully run Nancy s old boutique shop  assisted.
Both Nathaniel and Pip become successful authors  writing self-help books.
Robert  Giselle and Morgan live together.
Edward and Nancy marry.
The end narration states   and so they all lived happily ever.
<EOS>
The adventures take him from slums and backyards to lock-ups and racecourses.
He romances Rose  works and enlists to fight in World War I.
He writes letters back  the Bloke now married to Doreen with a young son  Bill.
Mick makes friends and is eventually killed at Gallipoli on the hills of Sari Bair.
<EOS>
A former Confederate soldier  John Chandler has come with his 10-year-old son David to see Dr Enos Davis.
The boy was struck dumb  and has nt spoken a word since.
Davis recommends a doctor.
He knows.
John has their expertly trained dog Lance clear the way.
The sheep belong to rancher Harry Burleigh and his sons  Jeb and Tom.
Who try to steal the dog.
John fights them.
A passing stranger  Linnett Moore  holds the child.
Harry knocks out John  pours whiskey  then tells the sheriff about being attacked by a drunk.
John must pay $ 30 or serve 30 days.
Linnett pays.
He will work off the debt.
A trip also will be expensive.
John wo nt accept offers.
The boy loves.
He is forced to sell Lance.
When the evil Burleighs burn down Linnett s barn.
He asks her to accompany the boy up north.
He rebuilds the farm.
The operation does nt work.
David is devastated to return home and find.
The dog s no longer theirs.
John goes back and finds Lance being mistreated by them.
Harry gives the dog back  but has his son Jeb prepared to shoot John.
The boy shouts out to save his father s life.
<EOS>
A zoo elephant breaks free and follows The Pink Panther out of the zoo.
It back.
The zoo is closed.
Sympathetic  Pink takes it home.
He battles wits.
Who is.
Eventually the elephant finds a bed.
Then collapses.
<EOS>
Peter Weller plays a wealthy American businessman living.
Who falls with a fashion model and decides to test her love by giving up his fortune.
<EOS>
The story is set around Madurai  in the village called Parithiyur.
Paruthiveeran is a country brash.
Who is often arrested.
His one ambition is to gain enough notoriety to be on TV news and to be thrown into Madras Jail.
He often bullies Paruthiyur villagers.
He lives Chevvaazhai.
Who pampers and accompanies him.
His cousin Muththazhagu is the daughter.
Who is a prominent person.
Muththazhagu loves him more.
He remains unmoved and keeps her.
Paruthiveeran saved her from drowning in a well  an event.
Where she promised to marry him and be forever.
She starts loving him passionately.
She fails herself to be in the same.
Order to delay her marriage.
Paruthiveeran is violent too.
The feud comes in the way.
When he understands Muththazhagu s true love and decides to marry her.
Determined  he warns her.
He is to possess her.
He even threatens to cut her.
Undeterred  her parents press ahead with the preparations for her marriage with a man of their choice.
She runs away.
Muththazhagu is not able to convince her parents.
However  she gets kidnapped and brutally raped.
When she is found.
Muththazhagu beseeches Paruthiveeran to cut her  and does not want anybody to find her.
She is dying anyway.
Paruthiveeran   hence chops her corpse into pieces  and is walking away.
When he is found.
Assuming him to be her kidnapper and killer  they beat him.
Thus ends the story.
<EOS>
Federal agents stake  Alaska in an operation involving laundered money.
Guns start blazing.
Some crooks are killed.
Some escape.
A bomb goes off.
When the Feds are looking.
John Hawkins is getting drunk in a bar.
Still drinking  he drives home  playing chicken with a truck.
Narrowly avoids him and then runs.
This leads turning up at his log cabin with guns drawn in case of trouble.
Lisa is an old friend.
However this is next day.
John has now sobered up.
Lisa tells him he has two strikes and the next time.
He causes trouble he ll be put away.
This leads to the local docks they have rented.
Where he passes a young couple who are moving.
He meets his friend Standing Bear.
Who runs a fishing boat who John has let down again.
John is set to work and later delivers some fish.
The husband is out.
The wife is having trouble.
John fixes.
Gus and some friends turn up.
They are beginning to get friendly.
John leaves.
He chucks away his booze stash.
When he gets home.
Early next morning  he joins a hunting party.
Malcolm rings Gus up.
He s the man and is a nasty person.
Gus tells him.
The Feds just got some dirty money.
He still has the clean money.
The gang leave.
John is jogging again and rescues Natalie.
Who has jumped to drown herself.
Taking her back  he sees bruises on her body.
Where Gus has beat her up.
Gus meanwhile kills his gang leader and gets the money back.
John returns to meet Natalie there.
They cook and eat a meal and talk.
Things get more romantic.
They end up.
Later she wanders.
Where John is sitting.
All around are photos.
John reveals.
It is his daughter Gabrielle  who was six when someone took her while.
His wife later left him.
He is still looking.
Everyone else gave up.
Natalie talks leaving together.
Later  Natalie phones John have turned up.
She is packing.
He rushes and finds one of Gus s men shoving her about.
He attacks him and the other men.
She shoots the other.
One is accidentally shot.
She stole the night.
She then knocks John out and tapes his hands together  planning to kill him.
John manages to escape.
She thinks.
He fell.
Back she then injures herself and makes.
It look like John is the guilty party.
The law turns up  then Gus turns up.
It turns out.
Over $ 20000 is missing.
Natalie tells Gus.
Who is.
The bag which Eddie carried is gone.
It had all the clean money.
Natalie tells Lisa  meanwhile Fred finds.
Some lies.
The gun belongs so she and he head to his cabin with other armed officers.
Gus is informed.
Hawkins is one.
Gus and his cronies go and give Standing Bear a good beating to get information about John.
John finds the beaten and takes him to the clinic and is arrested.
When he leaves.
Gus and Natalie are taken to see Malcolm  one of tipped the Feds off about the harbour drop at the film s start.
Who is busy torturing three men.
Whom he knows.
Malcolm wants his three and a half  or else.
Gus hears.
Hawkins has been arrested  which naturally shocks Natalie.
John is saying nothing.
Natalie says.
He was not one.
Lisa knows  she lets.
She does not have the whole story as people are lying.
John go.
He goes to see Bear.
Who is recovering.
He slaps them.
Tells them to tell Gus he ll be at two oclock.
He tells Gus.
He wants Natalie  and that he ll take him to the money.
A fuck you letter goes.
Anything happens though.
Gus stays.
Two men follow him.
He is having doubts.
One of the men reaching for is money.
What he thinks.
Puts his hand.
John knocks the other out.
Natalie now blames Malcolm  saying he set Gus up.
He gets Natalie and the money.
Gus sends Logan to kill John and heads off to Harbour Manor Inn to confront Malcolm.
Logan fares badly and ends up.
Malcolm s tough guy image cuts no ice now.
He shoots him and his two enforcers.
Natalie escapes.
Gus finds out too late that she is playing him.
John visits the Sea Vista Camp Grounds  closed and finds the bag of money there  then goes to the Inn and alerts Lisa by phone.
Where he finds the dead bodies.
Gus is tipped off.
Who is paying him.
Lisa finds the money gone.
She goes.
Where Gus gets her.
He is waiting.
When John arrives.
But  John threatens to drop a lit lighter.
Gus has a gun.
Is now soaked.
He does and dives out  taking a bullet.
He did so.
Gus shows him Natalie  then he kicks the chair out.
Who is ready to be hung.
The wounded John tackles him and they smash.
Knocks down the cross beam Natalie is hung.
The wounded John is losing the fight.
When Natalie who has got free stabs him in the back  killing him.
Lisa and Fred turn up.
Natalie decides to tell all.
She goes.
John is going to wait.
He decides to leave the area in San Francisco.
End.
<EOS>
5035 Dr Eric Vornoff  is experimenting with the help of his mute assistant  Lobo.
His goal is to eventually create an army.
He will use to conquer the earth.
Their residence  an old mansion  is guarded.
Lives. 
The Octopus has been responsible.
Newspaper reporter Janet Lawton investigates further  becoming a prisoner.
The police eventually follow  led Dick Craig.
Who is also Lawton s boyfriend.
Meanwhile  an official  Professor Strowksi  arrives and tries to persuade him to return to their homeland in hopes.
His research will benefit their nation.
However  Strowski is killed.
Lobo unwittingly turns Dr Vornoff.
A fire is soon started  killing Lobo.
Police officials  the irradiated Dr Vornoff  Dick Craig and Janet Lawton all escape.
Dr Vornoff is eventually killed  forming a mushroom cloud.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Geppetto dearly wishes to become a father.
One day his wish is granted.
She brings.
A wooden puppet  made  named Pinocchio.
Everything is rosy for the new family  yet slowly things begin to unravel  culminating with Pinocchio running away.
Geppetto  thinking  washes his hands and tries to go back to his lonely life.
Pinocchio would rather live.
Stromboli  however  had kidnapped him and was using him.
Geppetto finally comes and goes out to rescue Pinocchio.
He has run away to the infamous Pleasure Island.
There  Geppetto has several chance encounters  including a professor.
Creates children.
Pleasure Island is not all.
It seems to be.
Pinocchio is turned  with Geppetto arriving just in time to see him and to try and rescue him.
They set sail  get hit by a storm in the middle of the sea  and are swallowed by a whale.
They manage to escape and forgive each other.
Pinocchio is turned by the end of the film.
All live happily ever.
<EOS>
Lisa is a business executive.
Who has gotten used but does nt like it very much.
She was abandoned  and then spent most of her childhood being raised by Stanley  a foster father.
Who never really loves Lisa  after her adopted mother died.
One day  Lisa gets word  alone  after attempting to feed her now dead pet fish  she breaks down and cries uncontrollably.
Stanley has died.
Later the same day  Lisa gets an unexpected delivery.
Puzzled  Lisa presses the delivery man on.
Who might have sent her the flowers.
He confesses -- he sent them himself.
Lewis runs a flower shop and often takes long walks.
He saw Lisa crying and hoped.
The roses would cheer her up.
Before long  Lisa and Lewis begin dating.
Both have some emotional issues to resolve.
Their story can have a happy ending.
<EOS>
A man winds up saving a beautiful girl.
Whose wife has deserted him.
<EOS>
The film explores various aspects  from clearing the land to harvesting  and deals with the clash of attitudes between McDougal  a farmer  and Johnson.
Who favours old methods.
Who supports new ways.
Matters come.
When a cyclone threatens McDougal s crop.
Johnson comes with his machines to help.
Him harvest.
There is some comic relief and a romantic subplot.
Current comment of the moment The Passing Parade.
<EOS>
Surjit Singh Rajesh Khanna earns his living driving a truck  most.
One night he stops  drinks  goes to bed with her  and gets up behind schedule  so he rushes out  drives his truck and accidentally kills a farmer named Ram Din.
He is arrested  charged  and brought before the courts.
A horrified Surjit attempts to convince the Judge to change his ruling  but.
He is transported.
Where he meets.
But  he is permitted to go to Ganga Din s house   and given a new name Dushman.
Where he faces even more hostility  not fed.
That night Surjit plans to escape.
He is apprehended and brought back to serve his time.
Surjit must now come - to work for their livelihood and live under their ever unforgiving eyes for the rest of his life.
He has created.
He starts working.
He prevents family  arranges the marriage of kamla without dowry and protects the honor of family and at last is integrated with family and finds his love Phoolmati Mumtaz in the village.
<EOS>
Sher Singh a.
K. 
A. 
Shekhar  a struggling movie scriptwriter  is.
However  Nisha s wealthy father arranges her marriage.
Sher Singh rushes home to a telegram to find.
His marriage has been arranged in return for his sister s marriage to Sweetie s brother.
This may be her only chance.
Sher s sister has a lame foot.
Therefore  Sher gets married to Sweetie and returns to Mumbai.
Meanwhile  Nisha refuses to marry Vicky and is ready to kill herself.
To pacify Nisha  her father forces Sher to get married.
Sher does nt get a chance to explain.
However   he confesses to Nisha s father.
He is already married.
Nisha s father advises Sher not to tell her anything.
Meanwhile  Vicky goes crazy and attempts to kidnap Nisha.
Nisha s father is killed  and then Vicky seemingly dies in an accident  so  Nisha never gets to learn the truth about Sher s bigamy.
Sher Singh leads a double life and has one son.
The two sons  Tuktuk and Tony  are exact lookalikes.
They  as well as their mothers  become friends.
The boys get admitted.
He manages to convince his wives.
Sher Singh goes in Mumbai.
There are two people -- Sher Singh and Shekhar -- bearing a remarkable resemblance.
His sons  meanwhile  suspect and keep investigating.
Something is wrong.
There is a surprise element.
When it almost seems like the truth will be out.
Who claims to be Nisha s husband.
Now  Sher Singh can neither confess nor sit silently.
A stranger stays.
Meanwhile  he is implicated as well.
Finally  it turns out.
Vicky is not actually dead  as presumed  and has undergone facial reconstruction to have the same face.
All ends well.
<EOS>
The departure is held up to wait for spoiled heiress Anne Holt.
Tony Gage expresses his contempt to a fellow passenger.
Who agrees.
Though she is the woman s paternal grandmother  Gran Holt.
Anne and Tony become acquainted and fall in love.
He refuses to marry her.
She is already engaged.
He is too poor to even afford to buy her orchids.
Anne s father Bill finds out and invites the man.
He likes Tony very much.
Eventually  Anne breaks down Tony s resistance.
They become engaged.
However  there is a formidable obstacle - her grandfather Jerome Cedric.
He had already been foiled.
When his daughter married Bill.
The richest man had arranged the marriage to Carlos  going so far as to finance a revolution to restore the prince to his position.
He first threatens to disinherit his granddaughter   he informs Anne.
When he learns to his plans.
When that does not work.
Bill s bank is and that he will not prop it up.
She marries his choice.
Heartbroken  Anne gives in and breaks off her engagement without telling him why.
He lies  telling her.
When Bill finds out.
He has found alternate financing to save the bank.
He arranges an impromptu wedding.
Then  he flies off  supposedly on business  but in reality to commit suicide.
<EOS>
Two brothers  together  plot to kill the old man and steal his pension.
They live.
Things start to go horribly wrong.
When they try to dispose.
<EOS>
Hideko  a young lady working  has an idea for her bus.
Could avert the dwindling number.
She asks the visiting author Ikawa to write.
She can read out as they travel through the countryside.
However  they are out run  when.
<EOS>
The film starts  showing an anthropomorphic turtle walking down a road  while picking up a flower and smelling it.
Bert ducks.
The dynamite goes off and blows up both the monkey and the tree in which he is sitting.
Bert  however  is shown perfectly safe.
He has ducked and covered.
The film   then switches to live footage.
Is about 10 minutes long.
A narrator explains what children should do when you see the flash.
The movie goes on to suggest  and explains some basic survival tactics.
The children would be safer than they would be standing.
<EOS>
The family man Wade Porter is living the American Dream  they have a nice house  he has just raised a loan to make his company grow.
They are going to get married.
However their dream becomes a nightmare.
When Wade unintentionally kills a burglar that had broken.
He is put and accepts.
A deal proposed  being sentenced to three years in prison.
There is an incident in the bus.
Wade is framed and sent.
His cell-mate John Smith befriends Wade and gives helpful advice and hope.
Who was serving a life sentence.
<EOS>
Self-absorbed Malaysian TV host  Rafflesia Pong   stumbles.
Whose art-discussion programme is dying.
When her latest interviewee  an ex-boyfriend  dies.
It is perfect timing.
She has to find a way to come up to outdo her American-accented pan-Asian rival.
Eric Tan is a mild-mannered  half-English corporate slave.
Who   works for the Fony Corporation.
He labours to create the perfect Soyamaker Machine but is constantly assailed from his megalomaniacal CEO bosses and is in love with Pong.
<EOS>
- Japanese war.
20000 Japanese troops and 50 tanks invade Pa Tou Lou Tzu  or Badaling  a strategic point.
The defense was one of the earliest battles  or incidents  between Chinese and Japanese troops.
The Chinese captured Japanese outpost.
The Chinese disabled Japanese machine gun nests and killed all the Japanese inside.
The Chinese outpost   held off the invading Japanese army for five days.
First attack failed.
All Mongols killed.
All 7 soldiers were killed in action.
However  the outpost successfully covered to retreat.
The seven soldiers tricked the Japanese army.
There were a thousand Chinese troops defending the outpost.
Bronze statues were built in Lesser Kinmen in commemoration.
<EOS>
Set  Petaling Street Warriors tells the story of a pair of married couple  Shi Duyao and Zhung Lichun.
Who operate a Hokkien mee stall.
Duyao encounters a mysterious yet strikingly beautiful kungfu expert  Xiaoju.
Trying to impress his wife.
Who claims that Duyao is a descendant.
To stop a group from robbing a treasure map  Lichun and her cousin  Liu Kun  finally reveal their kungfu  turning Petaling Street into the ultimate battleground.
Duyao does nt even know he has.
Facing enemies  could Duyao unravel the mystery of his real identity and come to his wife s rescue just in time.
<EOS>
Captain Jim Knight  and his crew Roxy  Tula and a chimp named.
Salty sail the South Seas.
They discover.
A criminal gang has taken forcing the native pearl divers to dive beyond safe limits.
Knight takes them to Tahiti for trial.
Where the men escape and force Knight to sail them.
Knight subdues them again.
This time a minor French magistrate is sent to try them there.
The magistrate joins the criminals.
When a native boy locates the wreck.
<EOS>
An English gentleman talks.
Who is busy reading a book.
The Englishman suggests.
The panther become an agent  which greatly interests the feline.
The Pink Panther wastes no time finding a trench coat  and begins scouring the streets.
He finds a group of foreign agents planning to detonate a series of black-ball bombs.
They attempt a series to thwart his pursuit of them.
When the agents realize the Panther is following them.
<EOS>
Kermit the Frog  Fozzie Bear  and Gonzo the Great play newspaper reporters.
Kermit and Fozzie  specifically  are playing identical twin reporters  - supposedly  nobody can tell.
Becomes the source.
They are twins unless Fozzie wears his hat.
The biggest fashion designer named.
Gonzo is too busy taking pictures.
Lady Holiday gets robbed.
The trio are eventually assigned to investigate the theft from Lady Holiday.
They have to beg for Mike Tarkenian dismisses them following the Daily Chronicle s headline about the twins joining the staff.
They travel to interview her.
They are forced to fly in the airplane s baggage hold and are thrown out of the plane.
They arrive while it continues on to Italy.
They stay.
He instead finds the love and fails to recognize her  mistaking her for the fashion designer.
When Kermit seeks out Lady Holiday.
Piggy masquerades.
Lady Holiday s necklace is stolen by her jealous brother Nicky and his assistants Carla  Marla  and Darla  three of her put-upon fashion models.
They successfully frame her for the theft and plan to steal an even more valuable prize  the coveted Baseball Diamond.
Is. 
Gonzo is under a nearby table and overhears them.
Kermit s crew  along  have no choice.
To intercept and catch the thieves themselves.
Order to vindicate Miss Piggy.
The Muppets get  and get to the Baseball Diamond at the same time as the thieves  use the Baseball Diamond in a game of Keep Away and later baseball  complete with Louis Kazagher commentating.
Piggy  meanwhile  has escaped and  in a bout of serendipity  finds a motorcycle.
She uses to crash  out in the process.
Carla  Marla and Darla confront Piggy  only to be quickly dispatched.
Piggy is cleared  Nicky and his fashion model-acquaintances are arrested.
The police arrive.
The Muppets get their deserved credit.
The Muppets then return the same way taking a photo of the audience with his overly powerful flashbulb causing the screen to go black.
They departed  being thrown out and parachuting back to Earth  over the end credits which concludes with Gonzo.
If he blinded his subjects again.
<EOS>
Juliet Devereau  an emergency room surgeon  is searching.
When a viable option becomes available.
Juliet decides to accept the offer.
It then becomes evident.
Someone is stalking Juliet  in the bath  and applying lotion before a mirror.
Juliet is awoken later that evening.
She finds.
Flowers is a present.
The next day  Juliet and her co-worker  Sydney  talk.
Whom she caught having an affair.
She ca nt stop thinking and neither can he stop thinking of her.
Sydney suggests  and persuades her to come to a party.
She should find another guy.
Later  Juliet thanks Max  her landlord and owner  for sending her the flowers.
He admits.
The gift was not.
She then thanks August  Max s grandfather and another one.
August explains.
He wanted to put himself  living with complete strangers.
He then states.
He does nt get much company.
Juliet feels uncomfortable and leaves.
Later   Juliet bumps into Max and starts to flirt with him.
Max and Juliet walk.
Together while Jack is stalking her.
Juliet kisses Max.
She quickly apologizes  seeming.
She read the wrong signal.
Max walks away  confused and unsure.
Juliet and Max get along  and  after being encouraged by Sydney  she decides to ask Max out on a date  at her apartment.
The date goes well.
Max leaves.
When the date ends.
She kisses him passionately.
They start having sex.
The movie quickly rewinds  revealing.
It was Max that was stalking Juliet.
One day  Max brings August  Max sees Juliet and sees her name on her nametag.
Then he sees a paper  saying.
Juliet is looking.
So  Max makes an anonymous phone call  saying.
There s an apartment that is not rented yet.
Max planned to live in this particular room.
Max was building it.
He built a peep-hole and a one-way mirror to stalk Juliet.
It also shows.
Max has also been stalking her while she is jogging or going/leaving work.
He followed her and made.
It seem that he and Juliet bumped.
Back  Juliet does not go through with the sex.
She still has feelings.
Juliet apologizes.
Max  upset and agitated  brushes it off and leaves Juliet s room.
The next day  Juliet and Max discuss.
Juliet decides.
They should just be friends.
Their relationship is.
Max is not ok.
Max has constructed secret corridors  peepholes  and a one-way mirror  and uses these to observe her.
Also  he secretly enters her apartment to touch her clothes  use her toothbrush  and lie in her bath and masturbate.
He also hides and licks her fingers.
She sleeps.
Max is frustrated.
Jack and Juliet reconcile and  observed  have sex in the apartment.
Max observes this.
He sedates her.
This makes Max jealous.
Touches and later rapes her.
She is unconscious.
Juliet wakes up.
She feels weird.
She overslept.
She tells Sydney.
Maybe it s her apartment.
Sydney suggests.
Juliet gets a new alarm clock.
Juliet gets someone to install a recorder.
Records her apartment.
Max kills him.
His grandfather August  who also lives  criticizes him.
Max follows Jack.
He finishes his date.
Max follows Jack to near a subway.
Where he throws Jack  injuring him.
Max attempts to rape Juliet again.
She wakes up.
Max quickly sedates her.
She can actually get a good look  and flees.
The next morning  she oversleeps again.
She finds a sedate cap.
Jack texts Juliet telling her they can have dinner at.
Jack goes.
Max is.
Max comes up and kills him.
Juliet has her blood and urine analyzed.
Shows the sedation.
She quickly runs back home  leaving Jack a message warning him not to go.
She gets home and finds her gown.
Was nt there left.
Moreover  her security video images show the rape.
She does nt get a perfect view.
She knows  she saw his tattoos.
It s Max because the night the two were going to have sex.
Max tries with the wine.
He just brought.
Juliet refuses to have a drink.
Max then tries to sedate her.
Juliet stabs Max.
When he stabs her.
Max tries to kill her  chasing her around.
She defends herself  in passing seeing Jack s body.
When she has the chance.
<EOS>
Victoria Lucas is a single mother.
Emalee is not normal  having come through test tube fertilization  under the assistance of Dr Johnson.
The doctor has not only made Emalee  but also used the eggs of Victoria to make seven boys.
Her mother takes her.
When Emalee is 14 years.
Emalee begins to suffer from nightmares  about seven men.
Are identical to fertilize her.
<EOS>
Billa is the story of the most powerful men in the business of crime.
Who  remains elusive to the police.
Billa makes a few other enemies through his merciless approach in running his organisation.
When he kills one.
This introduces Billa  Kamini  Rajesh s fiancee  and Priya  Rajesh s sister.
Her plan backfires.
When Kamini seduces Billa and attempts to have the police arrest him.
Billa outsmarts her and escapes.
Kamini was killed.
A shattered  revenge-seeking Priya cuts her hair short  trains  and then enters Billa s gang after deceiving them into thinking.
She too is.
Billa is impressed and allows her to work for him  without realising her true intentions.
Meanwhile   the police finally succeed.
Billa dies  botching DSP Alexander s plan to reach the source of all crime -- the man Billa reported to-by capturing Billa alive.
DSP buries Billa s body  ensuring.
People believe that he is still be alive.
DSP remembers his chance encounter.
Luck would have it.
Order to support two small foster kids  who is an exact lookalike.
DSP hatches a plan to transform Raju and place him back into the crime nexus  but this time as a police informer.
Raju returns to Billa s gang as Billa under the guise of amnesia.
JJ  just released  begins.
His mission care off by Raju.
Raju manages to replace the red diary  and tells his gang.
He is going to take revenge  but is actually going there to give him the red diary.
Priya goes  but Raju survives the attack.
He tries to explain  but Raju.
He is not Billa.
She refuses to believe him.
DSP intervenes and tells her.
The man she is trying to kill is indeed Raju.
Meanwhile   he announces.
Raju learns more and more through the discovery of his diary and Priya s help.
His memory is back.
Celebrations ensue   but things take a drastic turn  acting  but Raju s only witness to his true identity  DSP Alexander  dies in the crossfire.
Billa announces his return.
When the police raid the celebrations.
Raju is captured.
Tangled.
When the police refused to believe that he is Raju  whereas his underworld gang realise that he is indeed not Billa.
To add  Billa s diary - his last hope of proving his innocence - is stolen by JJ in an attempt to track down his lost children  without realising.
He had handed over.
Raju is the one man who can reunite them.
Raju escapes the clutches with Priya s help and returns to his old self.
He struggles to prove his identity and innocence.
He eventually finds out.
Priya ends up getting the diary and one of the gangster s snatches it and burns it.
The end reveals.
The diary which was burnt was   the fake diary.
Raju had the real one  he gives the proof and cleared of all charges against him  Jagdish is arrested.
Order to trick Jagdish.
Raju returns.
<EOS>
Frank and Loyd spend most  flirting and thinking of get rich quick schemes.
Women -LRB- is married to Paulette.
They ca nt seem to hold down jobs.
They tried frog farming and squirrel ranching and now are in a failing roofing business.
Finally  Loyd invents a gadget.
He calls the Kitchen Wizard.
They each make a thousand dollars selling the rights.
Who gives them a contract worth much more.
However  their idea is stolen.
They soon run out.
Frank contemplates suicide.
Loyd talks him out by reminding him of his family and their friendship.
<EOS>
A young Scot  Charlotte Gray  travels to London to take a job as a medical receptionist for a Harley Street doctor.
A man enters her compartment and chats with her  asking questions about her life and expressing interest.
She is fluent.
He gives her his card.
Social life is in full swing.
Her friends convince her to go.
She soon meets RAF Flight Lieutenant Peter Gregory  but is interrupted from the train.
Who urges her to meet some and asks her to contact him when she leaves.
The volatile nature is epitomised.
When Charlotte and Peter quickly get involved.
Charlotte confides.
They talk.
She thinks Cannerley wants her to try out.
Peter tells her not to get involved.
He is to take part in operations over France for the next few weeks.
Charlotte joins the SOE and is seconded with the rank of Driver.
She completes her initial training and is.
He is missing.
Charlotte signs up and is dropped in with two men.
She lands out  because of two boys on the ground playing with flashlights.
They run away  half thinking.
She s an angel.
Her mission is to complete a test run  a handover.
Her cover immediately is close.
The contact is taken by the police in front of her.
Her main resistance contact  Julien  reassigns her to act.
He has taken.
Their parents were arrested.
The film reveals.
Time progresses.
The parents were deported.
The Vichy French government is cooperating.
Gray participates.
The Nazis bring their own forces and tanks  to crush the resistance in the area.
Gray is told.
Gregory died.
She grieves.
A Vichy official arrives to work with the Germans.
Local villagers to ensure the quota is met.
The schoolmaster Renech follows Gray and learns.
Levade is hiding the children.
He threatens Gray.
She agrees to become his friend.
That night  the Germans surprise Julien s group and kill them all.
Believing Charlotte betrayed them  he confronts her the next day.
The Germans  with Renech and the Vichy official  arrive at Levade s place.
They ask and interview him about his Jewish ancestry.
Away  Renech threatens Julien  saying.
Either his father or the boys must be given up.
Julien returns and states that and  thus he have Jewish ancestry  his father understands.
He is trying to protect the boys.
The officials say.
Julien does not qualify.
He has more French ancestry.
They take Levade.
Where people are being gathered to camps in eastern Europe.
Renech betrays the boys anyway.
They are captured  with Charlotte failing to intercept them.
Julien locates Renech and murders him.
He then decides to go and perhaps escape to fight elsewhere.
He asks Charlotte to go.
She says.
She has to stay.
Evading French police  she writes a paper and takes it.
Where Jews are being loaded.
People run alongside the cars  searching for their loved ones.
Hearing the boys and Levade  she pushes the paper.
Levade reads.
What is revealed.
Charlotte leaves France.
She is contacted in London by Peter Gregory.
Who had been but survived being shot down.
She says  she grieved and ca nt return to their relationship.
Things have changed.
Charlotte returns to France and to Julien.
The boys are doomed  the book is explicit.
They die.
<EOS>
Basket case is.
Whose Siamese twin brother lives.
The monstrous twin with a swollen claw-like hand was attached to Duane s side.
They were surgically separated against their will.
Duane s twin deeply resented being.
The brothers go to New York.
The hideous twin is carried around.
Wherever his brother goes.
Neither brother can rest.
They avenge their surgical separation.
DVD-Covers  Basket Case.
<EOS>
Kumar Patel prepares by visiting Santa Claus at a shopping mall.
Later  the same Santa sells him cannabis.
Kumar has let himself go  he has not become a doctor since failing a drug test  and still lives in the messy apartment.
He once shared.
Harold s assistant  Kenneth  persuades him to buy a 3D television.
They are attacked.
Harold and Kenneth leave the building.
Who throw eggs.
Vanessa visits Kumar and tells him.
She is pregnant  shocking him.
The two get.
Vanessa leaves.
Harold is seduced by his wife Maria.
Their attempt to conceive is interrupted.
Who dislikes Harold.
He explains.
He has never had a perfect Christmas  and is counting to make this one the best for his daughter.
He has brought a tree.
He has grown and deemed the perfect Christmas tree.
Kumar decides to deliver it.
When a package addressed arrives at Kumar s apartment.
The package turns out to be a large marijuana joint.
Kumar can not resist smoking.
It ` magically  flies back  causing a fire.
Destroys it.
To replace it  Harold reserves one available at a nearby lot.
Kumar  feeling bad  decides to purchase a replacement tree  and bribes the tree lot.
He may have ruined Christmas.
Harold reserved.
He pursues it.
When Harold sees the car away.
The car crashes and explodes on the highway  destroying the tree.
Harold argues.
They introduce each other.
Harold  Kumar  Todd  Adrian along drive to a party in New York to retrieve a Christmas tree at Adrian s partner s party.
Things take a turn.
Harold and Kumar ultimately end up participating featuring Neil Patrick Harris  hoping.
He can help them get a tree.
Harold invites Kumar to his Christmas party the following day.
That evening  Kumar sneaks and will re-take the exams to become a doctor.
He will stop smoking weed.
Harold returns with her father waiting on the couch.
The two argue.
Harold explains he might not be the perfect.
He is the perfect man.
Maria s father reveals.
While he always knew Harold was a nice guy  he wanted to make sure he had some cojones.
Harold and Kumar celebrate Christmas together along.
<EOS>
Leslie Hindenberg has just entered senior year.
Going to get a mole checked out.
She mistakenly believes she only has six weeks to live and goes.
However it s quite hard.
When her father is the school s PE coach.
Which leaves him rather frustrated.
Is Alan Holt  whose pals brag about their sexual encounters.
He ca nt stop thinking as he goes about trying to lose his virginity anyway possible.
<EOS>
The film deals.
Barky  played  is 25 years old and returning to Sydney after two years of living in the northern sugar cane growing areas.
He has returned home to attend the funeral.
The film begins at dawn  seeking the whereabouts of his brother  Wace.
We learn.
He left home two years ago to escape the clutches.
Wace  the older brother  is not too happy  having been left to manage looking after the father in his last years of life.
He finds an old mate of his  Wayne.
Who assures him.
He succeeds.
Who all end up a pub where it is revealed that Barky and Waces s mother left the family fifteen years earlier and that Wace hastened his father s death after he was struck down.
Barky also crosses paths and manages to rekindle the relationship.
The film was filmed  including inside Gould s Bookstore in Newtown.
The title refers to the King s Hotel  a fictional hotel.
Which most takes place.
<EOS>
The beginning establishes the story.
Connor MacLeod  the Highlander  is in New York City.
Connor is confronted by fellow immortal Iman Fasil  and decapitates him  upon.
An energy surge destroys several cars.
Connor is arrested.
The story goes back the 16th century Scottish Highlands.
Connor and his clan  the Clan MacLeod  get ready to go.
Back  the police let.
Connor go as they have failed to get any information.
One  BrendaCWyatt  is an expert in metallurgy and recognises Fasil s sword as an extremely rare Toledo Salamanca broadsword.
Later Connor returns to retrieve his own sword  but sees.
Brenda is looking.
She finds some metal shards embedded and saves them for analysis.
The scene returns.
Where the Kurgan assists the clan Fraser to Connor.
The Kurgan stabs Connor  but is then driven off by the MacLeod clansmen.
The wounded Connor is taken back.
Everyone assumes.
He will die.
The village is convinced.
When he makes a remarkable overnight recovery.
It is the work.
The clan leader exiles Connor.
Connor lives under the alias Russell Nash and is a wealthy antiquities dealer.
Meanwhile  the Kurgan takes up residence.
Connor tails Brenda.
She leaves quickly.
She then tails Connor.
The Kurgan attacks them both.
The fight is interrupted.
Brenda has analyzed.
The metal fragments and discovered them to be.
C.
But made for the era.
She makes a date.
Connor recognises the ruse  tells her to stop digging and leaves.
Connor lives an idyllic life with his wife Heather.
One day the mysterious Juan Sanchez Villa-Lobos Ramirez appears and begins training Connor.
He explains.
They both belong.
The winner receives.
When one immortal decapitates another.
A transfer called the quickening.
Eventually all the immortals must do battle  the last survivor will receive the Prize.
There is only one left.
Ramirez tells Connor.
The Kurgan  the strongest  must not win the Prize.
Mankind will enter a dark age.
One night   the Kurgan attacks and decapitates Ramirez.
Connor is away.
Connor meets a long-time friend  fellow immortal Kastigir.
They talk.
Precedes the final battle  and joke.
Brenda has discovered.
Connor has been alive  living under false identities  faking his death every few decades  signing his assets over to children who had died at birth and assuming their identities.
She confronts Connor.
Who demonstrates his immortality.
Brenda and Connor become lovers.
Connor is reluctant.
Ramirez has earlier explained and should not get romantically involved.
Immortals can not have children.
Ramirez reveals.
His Japanese katana was made specifically by the father of his third wife.
The Kurgan kills Kastigir.
He kidnaps her to draw Connor out.
When the Kurgan finds out.
Connor defeats and beheads the Kurgan.
He receives the Prize.
Manifests itself.
Now mortal and capable  Connor and Brenda move to Scotland.
Connor now has awareness around the world and uses this to encourage cooperation and peace.
<EOS>
This film spans the years.
It begins.
When Sae is traveling.
She looks at a photo.
The scene immediately goes back.
Sae and Kouhei met to their respective college entrance examinations.
The train hit a deer  causing Sae to worry.
They went to ask.
The owners could give them a lift.
Sae spotted a key.
She asked Kouhei.
He would borrow the truck to take her.
However   he narrowly avoided an incoming crane  and went off the road.
When Kouhei tried to overtake a slow cow truck.
They were brought.
Sae was disqualified.
Sae worked hard to get.
Kouhei always supported her.
However  he had mixed feelings to Tokyo.
That would mean that they would be separated.
Hence   Kouhei at first refused to see her off.
When Sae managed to get.
However   they got onto a boat and chased after Sae.
They rolled.
When they saw her.
Sae met Kitami Junichi  a senior.
Who likes taking pictures.
He helps Sae find a night job teaching English and became good friends with her.
Kouhei got jealous.
When Kouhei visited Sae  upon seeing Sae and Kitami talking together.
Kouhei refused to eat anything and stormed out of the restaurant.
A group of delinquent youths knocked down a box.
Contained Kouhei s present  and mocked him.
A fight ensured.
Kouhei was injured.
Sae brought Kouhei back.
Where they made up.
Kouhei then gives Sae the ship.
Was similar.
Sae worries.
Their relationship will not last longer.
Four years later  a graduating Sae is unable to find a job.
She met Junichi.
Who asks her to go together with him.
Kouhei was also told.
Their fishing boat was about to be repossessed.
He must find another job.
Kouhei then contacts Sae  telling her.
He plans to go to find her.
However   Kouhei s father had a heart attack and died.
Kouhei is then unable to leave.
He had to take care.
Later  Sae leaves and meets up with Junichi.
They worked together.
Junichi proposed to Sae later on.
Sae returned to attend her friend Minami s wedding.
She found out.
Kouhei was married.
However  Ritsuko was jealous.
Her husband were interacting.
Kouhei then met Sae.
Sae tells him.
This might be the last time she visits Japan.
He found Ritsuko waiting on the steps with bad news - the bank might make them bankrupt.
When Kouhei returned.
Kouhei manages to settle the problem.
He found Ritsuko s divorce papers.
When he returned.
The scene ends.
Junichi was killed.
A year later  Sae visits her hometown.
She chanced.
When she was walking.
Kouhei had given her and found out that Kouhei was part of a ship s crew that had docked in port.
She rushed to see Kouhei  but just missed him.
Sae had moved back to her hometown  and set up a school for children in her house.
The film ends.
When Sae sees Kouhei.
Sae welcomes Kouhei back home.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Meanwhile  a shifty man named.
Hassim  who has journeyed  visits the local Medicine woman  Fatima  who tells Hassim that in order to reach a certain treasure that he wants  he needs Aladdin.
Hassim visits Aladdin and his mother  claiming.
He s Aladdin s long lost uncle  who says that he can make them rich.
The next day  Hassim and Aladdin travel to the location of the treasure.
Hassim begins an incantation to open the cave  Aladdin finds out.
When they arrive.
Hassim is nt Aladdin s uncle  and that he only brought Aladdin because he is the only one that can enter the corridors of a dark cave and claim the treasure inside  an old oil lamp.
Aladdin reluctantly steps inside and walks within  leading him to a beautiful garden with friendly animals.
He eventually finds the lamp  he pauses to pick flowers.
Instantly turn.
Aladdin makes it back  but fears.
He may be killed after Hassim takes the lamp away  and so he refuses to give the lamp to him.
Enraged  Hassim uses his powers to close the entrance forever  trapping Aladdin.
Aladdin kneels  accidentally rubs the lamp  releasing a powerful genie inside.
Who can grant any wish.
Aladdin wishes.
He was out.
Aladdin tries showing his mother the magic lamp.
She refuses to have anything magic-related and wants Aladdin to put the lamp away and remain silent about it.
Cut to four years later  Aladdin and his mother must hide indoors.
The punishment is death.
Intrigued  Aladdin sneaks out to see the princess.
His mother sleeps.
Aladdin sneaks and sees Layla from inside  and is immediately entranced by her beauty.
One spots Aladdin  and calls on the guards to catch him.
Aladdin bravely duels the guards and manages to get away.
Later that night  Aladdin tells his mother.
He wishes to marry the princess.
Aladdin s mother laughs and tells him.
A poor boy would find it impossible to marry a princess.
Aladdin says.
He can marry her that he took from the cave.
Aladdin s mother then agrees to help him.
The following morning   Aladdin s mother goes and asks.
The sultan is granting the wishes.
Aladdin marries his daughter.
The sultan and his court laugh  but Aladdin s mother shows him the jewels.
The sultan becomes intriguied.
However  the vizier   steps in and tries to convince the sultan.
Who plans to have his own son marry the princess.
His daughter is worth more than one sack.
The sultan says.
Aladdin must bring 80 servants with a chest of jewels in each of their hands.
Aladdin decides to bring out the lamp and has the genie grant the sultan s offer.
The sultan lets Layla marry Aladdin.
Aladdin has the genie build them a palace.
His new bride begin a very happy life together.
Hassim hears through Fatima  and realizes.
He has used the lamp to become wealthy and powerful.
Hassim travels  and disguises himself as a seller of new lamps for old.
Layla wants to surprise Aladdin  and has her servant trade in Aladdin s lamp for another.
He is.
Hassim takes the lamp  releases the genie  and wishes.
Aladdin s wife and palace are brought in Africa.
The sultan hears  and wants Aladdin dead as punishment.
However  Fatima - - is brought and explains the situation.
Who did not receive her end with Hassim.
Knowing  Aladdin is granted freedom to save Layla and make things right.
His mother will vouch.
He sneaks into the palace and regains the lamp and wishes the palace back to his home.
Aladdin is welcomed back a hero.
The city rejoices.
Layla is.
Aladdin also finally sees.
His mother is given a life for keeping his honor.
Hassim kills off Fatima and uses her robes to disguise himself.
Aladdin can live happily ever.
He tries to trick the princess.
Hanging the egg will bring good fortune.
The genie is unable to grant the wish.
The Roc is his ultimate master  and reveals that Fatima is actually Hassim.
Aladdin pretends to be ill and says.
The medicine woman s powers can heal him.
Hassim sneaks and tries to kill him in his sleep.
Aladdin wakes up and duels.
Hassim backs Aladdin and charges at him.
However  Hassim slips  trips and stabs himself with his sword  causing him to magically evaporate forever.
Aladdin and the princess then live happily.
<EOS>
The film centres.
Who starts off before lapsing into mass  and merciless  killings.
He then falls with the daughter of one of his captives  only to be spurned.
The dejected dacoit commits suicide.
Years later  the girl is reborn  grows up  falls in love and is on the verge of getting married.
When she makes a visit  to the family s ancestral home.
Disturbing thoughts  hallucinations and meetings.
Who is  though she does nt know it.
The rest traces Shashanka s intentions of trying to convince the girl of their previous life characters.
<EOS>
Elizabeth Maitland hires American safari hunter Allan Quartermain to find her father Sam Maitland.
Who has been kidnapped as he had drawn a map to the location of the legendary mines.
The Russian Tsar was funding Sam s efforts to locate the mines  and sends pursuers.
The film begins.
He is then captured.
Quartermain and McNabb are leading a European businessman to hunt elephants.
Quartermain seems reluctant to kill all the elephants  but the businessman insists.
McNabb has Quartermain tied up.
The adult elephant is wounded but escapes.
Quartermain warns the businessman.
It will now come.
Later that night  the businessman is killed.
Then destroys the camp.
Quartermain then goes to rejoin his son  but is told by the boy s grandparents.
They are filing as they believe that Quartermain is an unfit father.
Quartermain is told.
They will probably win.
He leaves and goes.
He is approached to find her father.
There. 
He refuses  not knowing.
Who she is.
She leaves her father s card.
Captain Good stops to talk to an old friend.
Elizabeth continues on.
She is attacked.
The attackers are fought off.
Who came.
They find.
When they get back.
Her room has been ransacked.
She reveals.
Her father had sent her a map.
They leave for Africa.
They join Sir Henry  one of Quartermain s old friends  and  along with some of Quartermain s African friends  they set out to find Sam.
<EOS>
Willy Loman has led a life consisting.
Loman s wife supports him.
He soon begins to lose his grip and slips between the past and the present  frantically trying to find.
Where he went wrong.
<EOS>
The Tar Creek area was home on the planet.
Now it s home.
Acid mine water  stratospheric lead poisoning in the children  and sinkholes.
Do the unthinkable America.
This place is the stuff.
America s Heartland.
Tar Creek is centered.
And it might be the one place.
Where you d swear you stepped.
It s so bad here.
The federal government is buying everyone s homes and moving them out.
At least they are trying.
Corruption has forced some to remain.
They ca nt afford to move.
This land belongs.
The Tribe will be handed back the worst Superfund site.
The government moves everyone away.
Worse still  the Bureau made.
The mining companies leave all -- 75 million tons of it -- which has caused this pandemic lead poisoning.
The government has been controlling Tar Creek  from Indian Removal to subsidizing wartime mining to 200 million in cleanup funds to the eventual buyout of families.
And the reason is one.
These people were kept here.
<EOS>
Several servicemen relax.
One later visits a sex worker and contracts syphilis.
There is an opportunity for sexual health information about syphilis.
How it is spread and how its spread can be prevented.
<EOS>
Cesar  a harassing apartment building janitor  transforms the life into a nightmare.
Pictures.
<EOS>
Babbit sends Catstello to get some cheese.
Finally Catsello obtains a block.
Babbit does nt want it.
He does nt like Swiss cheese.
Catsello force feeds Babbit the Swiss cheese.
<EOS>
Speedy and his friend Miguel visit a ghost town  followed by Daffy.
There  Speedy unveils.
What appears to be gold and a map.
Daffy notices  and attempts to take the map  he is foiled.
Daffy s next attempt involves setting up a phone.
Speedy answers it  saying  his plan backfires.
When it rings  but quickly hands it.
He has a call.
He is blown up.
Speedy teases him  What s the matter  epa loco.
Daffy finds him  and throws a grenade in  however  he accidentally throws the pin  and not the actual grenade.
He then sticks his head  catching Speedy by the tail.
Miguel drops a horseshoe.
Further antics ensue.
Speedy and Miguel head   it eventually blows up right next to him.
Where Daffy repeatedly tries to throw dynamite  to blow them up.
Daffy then demands.
Speedy give up the cart  which he does.
However  it is not gold  but cheese.
I du n no.
When Miguel asks what the matter is  Speedy shrugs.
I guess maybe he do nt like cheese.
<EOS>
Sant Dnyaneshwar was the second on the banks of the river Godavari.
Vitthal had studied Vedas and set out.
About 30 km from Pune  Sidhopant  a local Yajurveda Brahmin  was very much impressed with him.
Vitthal married his daughter Rukmini.
Vitthal went to Kashi   lying about his marriage.
Where he met Ramananda Swami and requested to be initiated.
But Ramananda Swami later went and  convinced  he returned to Kashi and ordered Vitthal to return home to his family.
His student Vitthal was the husband.
The couple was excommunicated.
Vitthal had broken.
Four children were born.
It is believed.
Later Vitthal and Rukmini ended their lives.
The orphaned children grew up.
They approached the Brahmin community to accept them.
The Brahmins refused.
The children were purified by the Brahmins on condition of observing celibacy.
But the Brahmins did not pay any attention and told.
When they returned.
It was fake.
Later a farmer take them to live  flying on a wall was the most famous one.
Where Dnyaneshwar translated the Bhagwat Gita and performed many miracles.
<EOS>
Hiller  a computer expert  was bribed to obtain details of the security system at a newly-built bank.
Having obtained the information  he thought.
He d seen the last.
But now they ve traced him and his son.
They hold the son hostage and force Hiller to decode the information and then to take part in the robbery.
The ` film  was released.
Bellman and True was originally a 3 part TV series  a cut down version of the series.
<EOS>
A curse hovers  caused by their betrayal of the Satanic priest Johnathan Corbis.
Corbis has followed the Preston family  in pursuit of a Satanic book.
Which he obtains great power.
Corbis first captures the father  Steve Preston.
Who is allowed to escape home to warn his wife and younger son  and to tell them to give the book to Corbis  at which point Steve Preston then melts into a waxy substance  apparently melting in the rain.
Mark Preston takes the book  hoping to meet and defeat him.
The two eventually meet   Shatner s character drinks and then spits it out  proclaiming the water to be bitter.
Where Corbis gives Preston a drink.
Borgnine smiles and replies  Sweet way to end a thirst  though.
Preston challenges Corbis to a battle of faith.
Ends. 
45 pistol.
Corbis asks  Is THAT your faith.
Surrounded  Preston pulls out his cross.
Then appears to transform.
He discards.
He is promptly captured.
Corbis later begins a ceremony.
Wipes Mark s memory clean later that evening.
Meanwhile Preston s older brother  Tom  and his wife Julie  have gone to look  they are accompanied by Dr Sam Richards  a psychic researcher.
Tom witnesses his brother s total conversion.
Which Corbis is so completely taken over that he transforms into a goat-like being.
Tom is discovered but escapes the Satanists.
Later meets up a porcelain container known as The Devil s Rain.
Where they discover the source.
Contains the souls.
Corbis and the Satanists then arrive.
Richards threatens to destroy the Devil s Rain.
He then does  and makes good his escape.
The Satanists melt as Tom.
His wife make a hasty exit.
The audience discovers.
Tom holds his wife.
His wife s soul has become trapped.
<EOS>
Maria is rushed and is saved by Dr Faris.
Who successfully extracts the bullet.
Maria is assigned.
She falls with Dr Faris.
Her unit has been directed to smash a syndicate.
Is trafficking ecstasy pills and drugs.
Meanwhile  Mariana is visited.
Who is attracted.
Roy  her ex-boyfriend reappears causing turmoil reverts to her old wild ways.
The relationship becomes strained again.
<EOS>
The film opens  with the Royal Family sitting at the breakfast table.
It turns out.
Crown Prince Friedrich  informally called Fritz  had lost so much money that he had to sign debentures.
Members had seen the crown prince appearing late in a wretched state.
Greatly angers his father.
The King would like to prepare his son  and regards his preoccupation with music and literature with big displeasure.
Fritz   is infuriated with the austere treatment by his father and hatches a plan to flee Prussia and get to France and England.
Where he expects a welcome.
His companion Katte would like to help him.
However  being a second lieutenant bound  he at first declines.
The father-son conflict further escalates.
When Fritz accumulates even heavier gambling debts.
Insults the Crown prince  calling him a liar and coward and puts him under arrest.
He is forbidden to engage in his beloved flute playing  nor read French literature.
The King returns earlier than usual and surprises the Crown Prince together with his sister Wilhelmine  playing the flute in the music room.
Katte   manages to hide just.
Who was also present.
The angry King throws Fritz s books and flute to accompany him on a trip to South Germany.
Fritz  more than ever determined  can after this incident count also on Katte s support.
However  the escape fails.
Both the Crown Prince and Second Lieutenant Katte are condemned to custody at the fortress of Kustrin.
Indeed  the King goes much further  arbitrarily changing the judgement into capital punishment and insisting on having him actually executed.
The Crown Prince submits and is moved to better quarters in a palace.
Nevertheless  it is evident.
The relationship is still very chilly.
They are estranged.
Fritz is now given his own household.
Who has proved his character.
Where he can follow again his artistic inclinations.
Still  reconciliation does come about  shortly before the death of the King.
The last words are  Make Prussia great.
<EOS>
An American ballistic missile submarine  the USS Montana  sinks after an accidental encounter with an unidentified submerged object.
The designer insists on accompanying the SEAL team.
Though her estranged husband  Virgil Bud Brigman  is currently serving.
They spot strange creatures they can not identify  later discovering they have intelligence and calling them NTIs -- non-terrestrial intelligence.
The SEALs and the platform crew attempt to discover the cause.
Lt.
Hiram Coffey and  the SEALs use one of the platform s mini-subs to retrieve a warhead from a Trident missile aboard the Montana.
However  they do so.
The hurricane strikes the surface.
They are unable to release the tether.
Tossed  the Explorer s entire crane and cable system break off and fall into the water.
The crane barely misses the platform.
When it hits the ocean floor  but falls.
The rig hangs up  preventing a plummet into the depths.
Several crew are lost due.
The surviving crew and SEALs tend and attempt to restore the platform s critical power.
An NTI probe explores the platform.
Coffey sees it.
The platform crew believe it to be harmless.
The platform crew realize.
Coffey is suffering.
Using one to spy on Coffey from outside the platform  they discover.
He is planning.
Bud attempts to subdue Coffey.
He can leave the platform.
He is unable to do so.
Coffey is chased in the station s other sub  they manage to damage Coffey s sub  causing it to fall into the trench.
Coffey is killed.
However  Bud and Lindsey are too late to stop the remote vehicle and the attached warhead   from dropping into the trench.
Furthermore  their own sub is flooding due.
Lindsey realizes.
The sub s crippled systems  the distance and the platform.
The fact leaves just one solution.
Their sole source is a backpack and regulator that are hard-mounted to Bud s diving helmet.
Bud locks his helmet onto his diving suit  watches Lindsey drown  and then tows her body back to Deep Core  hoping.
The cold water shocked her body.
The Deep Core crew  trained and equipped  are able to restart Lindsey s heart via CPR and a defibrillator.
The two reaffirm their lost love.
The crew tracks the warhead  finding.
The remote vehicle has failed and stopped on a ledge partway down the trench.
The SEALs have brought special diving equipment utilizing a liquid breathing apparatus.
Would allow that far.
However  only one is trustworthy.
His injuries prevent him.
Bud volunteers  he will not be able to talk and is instead forced to communicate.
Bud begins his dive  reaching the ledge.
Where the warhead sits  and is guided in disarming it.
However  the dive has taken too long to return to the top of the trench.
The oxygen runs out.
Bud  aware  writes.
This could happen.
He has only 5 minutes left  and to return  decides to remain on the ledge.
He types his love  saying  Knew this was a one-way ticket.
You know.
I had to come.
Love you  wife.
Bright lights appear.
Bud lies.
He encounters an aquatic NTI.
The being reaches out and takes Bud s hand and then leads him even further down sitting deep in the trench.
Deep  the NTIs provide Bud with an atmosphere for him to breathe.
The NTIs replay Bud s message for him.
They exchange meaningful looks.
Lindsey and the crew are surprised to find Bud radioing back to them  telling them to get ready.
The crew observe something very large quickly rising out  and see the lights from the NTI spacecraft.
It rises.
The enormous ship eventually surfaces  lifting many and leaving them aground on the NTI ship s hull  as well as the platform itself.
Leaving the platform  the platform crew and remaining SEALS are surprised to find.
Not suffering after rising so fast out of the water  believing it to be an effect by the NTIs.
Bud emerges.
He and Lindsey rush to meet each other  engaging.
The special edition includes more.
He is shown images on a view screen.
When Bud arrives.
The NTIs create enormous megatsunami-level waves.
Threaten every coastline.
Then stall them moments.
They would come crashing down.
The NTIs cause the standing waves to harmlessly recede back to normal ocean levels.
The message is.
It s time to end its self-destructive ways and unite.
The NTIs start to bring their ship.
Bud relays this.
Almost all cuts were decided  the extended version is often labeled as a director s cut.
<EOS>
Louise Bourgeois  The Spider  the Mistress and the Tangerine chronicles the life and imagination.
Her process is.
Features the artist.
Bourgeois reveals her life and work to be imbued with her ongoing obsession with the mysteries of childhood.
Bourgeois has been an important and influential figure in the world of modern art.
At the age of 71  she became the first woman to be honored with a major retrospective at New York s Museum of Modern Art.
She is perhaps best known.
Have been installed.
Filmed to the artist between 1993 and 2007  Louise Bourgeois  The Spider  the Mistress and the Tangerine is a comprehensive examination of the creative process.
<EOS>
Bullebbai Rajendra Prasad is a lottery ticket agent.
Being an agent  he is the only person.
Who knows how to claim a lottery.
Someone has won a lottery.
He comes to know.
It is the local drunk and bachelor Yesudas Ali.
Bullebai finds him dead.
The story is about.
Bullebbai manages to claim the prize money using Yesudas ` corpse and shares it.
<EOS>
The film begins.
They are about to go off  but claim.
They will stay together nonetheless.
The film then jumps forward 25 years.
Lawrence is living back and is a photographer.
Who photographs pets  as well as criminals.
He receives a surprise phone call.
Who has recently come back home in order to care and who is divorced and has a troubled teenage son Johnny.
Caroline and Lawrence go and rekindle their relationship.
Shortly afterwards she dies.
Johnny s father Harris does not want to take care.
He will be going.
Lawrence decides to adopt him.
When Johnny has a seizure.
The bulk is about Lawrence and Johnny  and.
Lawrence tries to be a father while Johnny rejects him.
Johnny also has a relationship.
<EOS>
Pearl Kantrowitz and her husband Marty are a lower middle class Jewish couple.
Where Marty is a television repairman.
The movie begins.
They attend each summer.
Marty is forced to work away.
Hence  he only visits the family.
This leaves Pearl feeling lonely and isolated.
Pearl got pregnant.
She feels.
She missed enjoying her youth.
Pearl is attracted to the new Blouse Man Walker Jerome.
Meanwhile  Alison is neglected.
She experiences her first period  her first date  and her first kiss.
She enters a relationship.
Marty is unable to visit the family.
He has to repair more TV sets.
Usual  due.
Pearl has sex.
The whole town celebrates the historic moonwalk.
Marty s mother Lillian learns and tries to persuade Pearl to break it off.
The affair continues.
Pearl goes.
When Marty ca nt get up to visit.
Unbeknownst  Alison goes as well with Ross and her friends despite her mother previously forbidding it.
Alison observes Pearl carousing.
Marty learns.
Alison confronts her mother.
Pearl is forced to deal.
Pearl finally makes her decision to stay and tells Walker.
She can not go away.
Jerome says.
He understands.
The final scene shows Pearl and Marty dancing together  first and then to Jimi Hendrix s Purple Haze.
When You re Smiling.
Marty changes the station.
<EOS>
The hidden secrets are revealed through portrayal of circumstances.
Three different girls pass through.
Aswathy  a textiles shop employee  is staying.
She looks.
Kartika is a girl.
Who is bestowed by her parents.
Her life zooms.
When she comes to know.
The third girl  Rohini  lives and has tremendously rich parents.
But the uneasiness and unhappiness makes her very very sad.
She elopes.
Her father engages hired hoodlums to get her back.
She decides to commit suicide.
Aswathy s mother comes.
Aswathy is actually an illegitimate daughter.
But Indusekharan decides to get Aswathy murdered.
The person is Kartika s father.
Whom he engages to do this murder.
He comes as the messenger of death.
This is an essay.
Three different girls try to cope with their life against all odds.
Their crisis gets deepened and dangerous.
The experiences is the prime reason.
They go through prove that lack.
Made hell out.
Lack leads one to violence and to destruction as well.
Dalamarmarangal establishes.
Love is the one and only antidote.
<EOS>
Sue Graham is a small town girl.
Who wants to be a motion picture star.
She wins a contract.
When a picture is sent to a studio instead of her picture.
The mistake is discovered.
When she arrives.
She starts working instead.
Her parents then come out and invest some money with a very shifty individual.
She arrives expecting open arms.
When small town girl Sue goes to escape marriage.
The studio manager gives Sue a job.
The circumstances were the result of another s deception.
Childhood friend Dave follows.
Eventually  Sue gets the opportunity to screen test.
It turns out disastrously.
The director calls her a natural comedian.
Meanwhile  a crooked investor swindles Sue s parents.
Dave and Sue retrieve.
The money and all turns out well.
<EOS>
The film is set.
John Blair and his partner  Larry Adams are dismayed.
When the arrival ends the Pony Express.
Hoping to utilize their horse-riding skills  they decide to start a stage coach transportation business.
They go and ask local magnate Cal Drake a stage coach.
He is willing to sell them.
Instead  Drake offers them a franchise - a line out to bustling Crescent City.
Blair and Adams quickly realize.
Had been bamboozled.
The only residents are the mayor  Rocky OBrien  and Dr William Forsythe.
The mayor is thrilled to get not only new residents to double the size.
A stage coach line too.
Blair disparages and will have to lose his business so quickly.
There are no customers to transport.
The mayor says.
There is a way to get all the money he owes and more.
There will be a contest.
Where the fastest team will win a $ 25000 government contract to deliver mail to the area.
He also meets a telegraph crew.
Who he saves after drinking from a local water hole.
The telegraph crew offers to run the line through Crescent City.
Blair will give them laborers to build the telegraph line.
Blair is able to get laborers to build the telegraph line.
The population begins to skyrocket.
Drake  upset  then decides to hire Blair to drive a gold shipment only to ambush him.
Blair is actually a competing business.
Drake will take off $.
Blair can get the gold.
Blair escapes the ambush and collects the money.
Drake nexts hopes to stop Blair.
He gets his henchman to throw obstacles.
Hoping to defeat him means necessary.
But  Blair wins the race and the $ 25000 reward.
<EOS>
Eighteen year old Audrey lives.
She spends her days taking care.
Audrey longs to go.
Who has nt left home since Audrey s mother died.
Who dreams.
The summer  her world is changed forever.
Audrey graduates.
When an attractive young man named Mookie moves with his mother Mary and her fiance  Herb.
Knowing  Audrey encourages Mookie to ask Calista.
Much Calista longs.
He obliges.
He and Calista soon become a couple.
Audrey  however  finds herself developing feelings.
As these feelings grow.
It becomes harder and harder for her to be the dependable  selfless person that her father and best friend have always counted to be.
Ultimately  Audrey   finally learns to take care.
Who has taken care around her.
Those must find the strength to let her go.
Whose lives she touched.
<EOS>
Set  the movie is a tongue-in-cheek homage to classic 80 s horror films such as Night of the Demons  the Friday the 13th and Halloween films and Sleepaway Camp.
A group has decided to meet in a haunted house to hold a seance.
The characters are stereotype spoofs  the cool hero guy  the naive girlfriend  the goth girl  the tough guy  the ditzy blonde girl  the shy geek in love with the blonde  two big nerds  and a pair of lipstick lesbians.
Expected stabbed and sliced.
It even begins  and just as  strange things begin to occur  outrageously corny deaths  gratuitous nudity  obvious pitfalls and traps  inane dialogue  and the teens themselves being.
Every stupid teenager is dead.
<EOS>
Mineralogist Paul Carlson is struck while observing a meteor shower.
Lodged  the meteorite causes him to transform into a strong and vicious lizard.
Whenever the moon comes out.
Paul loses all traces of his human self and goes about killing people at random.
Paul is subject.
Human. 
Eventually it is shown  and deduced.
Paul is the monster.
The meteorite fragment is the cause of his transformations.
Plans are made to remove it.
The NASA brain surgeons realize.
The meteorite has disintegrated and will eventually cause Paul.
He escapes  presumably to kill himself.
When Paul learns.
He will not cause any more harm.
Kathy  Johnny  and the local law enforcement follow him.
Johnny shoots him.
Causes him to explode.
<EOS>
Sri is a guy.
Who is madly with a girl named Rajini.
He even gives her Rs 3 lakhs to help her out.
Rajini does not really love Sri.
Fate turns out.
She escapes.
This leaves Sri heartbroken.
He decides never to fall again.
He starts looking.
Shreya is friendly with a guy called Karthik.
Karthik misunderstands Shreya s friendship.
He starts developing feelings.
He starts acting possessively and begins hounding Shreya.
A disgusted Shreya decides never to be with any guy.
The lives converge.
You might have guessed.
They start off.
Sri is forced to lie.
He is married as the apartment is not available.
She softens her stand and starts becoming friendly.
Shreya comes to know that Sri is married.
Unexpected twists and turns change everything.
When their mutual admiration begins to develop.
What are those twists.
<EOS>
Police Inspector Dillon reluctantly sets out to see an old friend  Dan OFlaherty.
He encounters Mickey J.
Is not Dillon s target today.
Who. 
The inspector has the unfortunate duty.
OFlaherty refuses to pay the fine   nor will he allow OFeeney to pay it.
He feels he has done nothing wrong.
Instead  he heads off.
A train pulls up.
Where Paddy Morrisey announces there will be a minute s wait.
The passengers and crew crowd.
Later  Paddy finally proposes.
Mrs Falsey chats.
Her niece Mary Ann MacMahon becomes acquainted.
Domigan is.
Mrs Falsey persuades him to change his mind.
S.
Army has awarded Mary Ann $.
The young couple  unaware  insist.
They will only marry each other.
Meanwhile  the train is repeatedly delayed  much.
They are first displaced to make way for a prize-winning goat.
Then  they have to share their new compartment.
They are left.
When they finally get off.
When the train finally departs.
Sean Curran awaits his execution during the Black and Tan War.
This is very unpopular.
Who consider him a hero.
The British warden allows two nuns  one his grieving sister  to visit him  the false sister swaps clothes and places with him.
Unsuspecting Police Sergeant Michael OHara helps the pair.
He notices  but thinks little.
One is wearing high heels.
The city is immediately sealed off.
The manhunt begins.
OHara is assigned to watch a section.
What he could do.
Already conflicted  he is visited by his overtly nationalistic wife.
Then  Curran shows up disguised.
OHara is suspicious and has him sing  Curran chooses the patriotic The Rising.
He manages to slip away on a boat sent for him.
OHara bickers.
He starts to raise the alarm  then reconsiders and starts singing The Rising himself.
When the policeman sees Curran getting away.
<EOS>
The film is a series.
He remembers moments he shared while he  his mother  and younger sister Gillian tend to him on his deathbed in his Yorkshire home.
His father - a rural general practitioner - never accepted his decision to pursue a literary career nor was he willing to acknowledge his achievements in his field.
Bullying  blustery  and boorish  Arthur blunders his way  regularly calling his son a fathead and intruding into the boy s private moments with a sense of entitlement.
He has a penchant.
When he s not telling outright lies.
He publicly humiliates his long-suffering but passively complacent wife Kim.
He seems genuinely interested in bonding with his son  taking him camping or allowing him to drive in the family s Alvis convertible on a wide expanse of deserted beach with reckless abandon.
They can test supposedly waterproof sleeping bags he has made.
Blake is left with mixed feelings for the man  ranging from deeply-rooted anger to compassionate acceptance.
Only he is.
Arthur s death is he able to set aside his resentment and recognize him.
<EOS>
Describes the rise and maintenance and its 50-year involvement with the wars led by the United States to date  especially its 2003 Invasion of Iraq.
We Fight.
The documentary asserts.
The American public was misled so that the government could take them to war and fuel the military-industrial economy maintaining American political dominance in the world.
Interviewed  are politician John McCain  political scientist and former CIA analyst Chalmers Johnson  politician Richard Perle  neoconservative commentator William Kristol  writer Gore Vidal  and public policy expert Joseph Cirincione.
S.
As a refugee child in.
<EOS>
Martin Terrier wants to quit his job  but his organized crime employers are unwilling to see him turned out to pasture  Terrier knows too much.
He is still useful.
He escapes.
Where he meets Claire.
The two soon fall.
Back.
To confront his employers.
They ve stolen all his money.
They give him an ultimatum -- do one last job.
He gets his money and his freedom.
<EOS>
La Primera Noche tells the story.
Who have been displaced.
Which they have lived their childhood.
The conflicts condemns Tono and Paulina  the protagonists  to the exile.
They live another drama.
Torments them.
The suffering  the disappointment  the loving disappointment nests.
Each feels lonely  incapable of assuming the pain of the other  and much less to see themselves as part of a couple.
Their passion could open the door  but Tono and Paulina find in love the force.
Repels them.
That does not help them survive.
<EOS>
The setting is post-Russian Civil War.
Shilov  Sarichev  Kungorov  Zabelin and Lipyagin had become great friends.
There are two main plots.
The enemy continues to harass the Soviets.
The cannons are now silent.
The regional committee sends a precious shipment by train to Moscow.
A group are entrusted with the responsibility of guarding it.
The gold is needed to buy bread to feed the starving population.
The Cheka guards are attacked and killed.
The briefcase is stolen.
The group then hops  only to face a reversal of their own.
When their train is attacked.
All are killed except their leader.
Who discovers that a bandit has secretly stolen the gold.
He then joins the bandits.
Where the gold is.
Shilov was kidnapped and drugged.
The train sets off  and is dumped after the attack and framed as the inside man.
He is suspected.
Because his brother was a White  which is where the second plot comes in.
Shilov must infiltrate the enemy bandit camp to find the gold  hence the title.
The second plot involves the Shilov s desire to clear his name.
He must find out.
Who killed his friends.
Shilov uncovers a web of deceit and treachery.
Allowed the robbery to succeed.
The story echoes the cattle baron or railroad Westerns.
The film also has male camaraderie.
The initial joy returning from the Revolution is sorely tested.
It has strong parallels.
Strong action sequences   chases  holding up trains and other adventures.
Are still famous  involving literal cliffhangers  white water rafting.
<EOS>
Set  Damon s Law tells the story of Sheriff Damon Huskey s experiences as Sheriff of Rutherford County.
He is portrayed.
Who is admired and who is well respected.
Huskey  played  faces instances  as well as an animal cruelty report.
Where he calms an uncontrollable prisoner  approaches an armed suspect.
Ends with a child abuse case.
Sheriff Huskey encounters previously released prisoners  and also juggles his career and relationship.
Huskey also works to his brother  Deputy Roy Huskey.
He protects the lives  maintains control and justice of suspects and criminals.
The Rutherford County men keep violence and criminal acts to a minimum.
An event takes place  as well as all.
Changes Huskey s life personally and professionally.
Who live forever.
A call is placed to the Sheriffs Department by Charlotte Hutchins  the daughter of a well-known criminal in Rutherford County  James W.
Hutchins.
She called.
She had with her father.
Gordon  Jean.
Deadly Shootings 30 years ago.
The Sunday Courier.
31 May.
Roy Huskey  and fellow deputy Owen Messersmith take the call.
Hutchins is known.
Knowing this  Huskey and Messersmith head straight.
Hutchins guns down Deputy Huskey and Deputy Messersmith.
He then leaves.
He comes with RL Pete Peterson while driving.
Hutchins proceeds to gun him down as well  making Peterson his third victim.
Hutchins then leaves his car and tries to hide.
Damon soon receives word and begins his own search for Hutchins.
The following morning.
Where Hutchins ran.
He is arrested and tried.
He is sentenced and chooses lethal injection.
<EOS>
A rape victim  comic book artist Lisa Roberts is given the runaround.
Tired  she heads for the wide open spaces of Arizona.
Not long afterward  she is propositioned.
She reports this.
Who replies matter-of-factly that this is not the first time that Atkins has been accused.
Roberts is later visited by Atkins.
Who agitatedly warns her not to trust the sweet-natured policeman.
Someone is lying.
Roberts plainly does not know.
What to believe.
It is nearly too late.
When she finds out.
<EOS>
A nursing student falls with a young medical intern in 1910 Baltimore.
Their lives start to fall apart.
When he catches a deadly disease.
<EOS>
Divorced American Harvey Shine writes jingles not in keeping with his one-time aspiration to be a jazz composer and pianist.
His position is tenuous.
He departs to attend his daughter Susan s wedding.
He encounters Kate Walker  a single Londoner.
Who collects statistics as they pass through the terminals.
Tired and anxious to get  Harvey brusquely dismisses her.
When she approaches him to ask questions.
Harvey is upset to discover his.
Jean rented a house to accommodate family and friends but failed to include him.
It becomes increasingly clear.
The role has been delegated to Jean s husband Brian.
She informs him.
When Harvey tells Susan  with whom he has shared a strained relationship  that he will be attending the ceremony but not the subsequent reception because he needs to return to the States for an important meeting.
She has asked her stepfather to give her away.
Meanwhile  Kate is.
Is not going well.
She discovers.
When she returns after taking yet another call from her neurotic mother Maggie  who is certain her Polish neighbor is burying bodies in a shed in his yard.
Her date has invited friends to join them.
Feeling unwanted and excluded  she eventually excuses herself and goes home.
The following morning Harvey attends the wedding  but heavy traffic delays his arrival.
He misses his flight.
He is fired.
When he calls his boss Marvin to advise him he will be returning a day later than planned.
Determined to drown his sorrows  Harvey goes and sees Kate.
Recognizing her  he apologizes for his rude behavior.
She initially resists the attention but finally joins him.
He is paying her.
Harvey follows Kate and  upon arrival at Paddington station  asks.
He can walk her on the South Bank.
She accepts his offer and is pleased.
When he offers to meet her.
Harvey mentions.
They stroll.
He is missing Susan s wedding reception.
Kate urges him to go.
He finally relents  but only.
She will accompany him.
Harvey buys her a dress and the two head.
When Kate insists she is not properly dressed.
Where they are welcomed coolly.
Brian rises and begins to speak.
When the father is called upon to make a toast.
He then delivers an eloquent speech.
Redeems him and endears him to Kate.
Immediately following the first dance  the groom calls Harvey up to dance with his daughter for the Father-Daughter Dance.
He happily does so.
Then all the guests join them  with Harvey enjoying himself on the dance floor  alone.
Kate is left  once again in the same position as.
When she was.
Her smile becomes more strained  Harvey having apparently forgotten.
She looks about and sees herself.
She was there.
Her smile disappears.
When she surmises he will not be coming to ask her to dance.
She quietly leaves the room and stands  preparing to leave.
Harvey  now looking  goes into the corridor.
Seeing her waiting  he disappears into a side annex with a piano and begins to softly play one of his own jazz compositions for her.
She hears the music and follows it  finding Harvey smiling and waiting.
He asks her to return.
She smiles and agrees.
Harvey and Kate walk and talk until dawn.
They exchange a single  gentle kiss and agree to meet.
Harvey experiences serious heart palpitations and is rushed to the hospital.
Where he receives a call who  having discovered his employee is more indispensable than he thought  urges him to return to work as soon as possible.
Harvey decides.
He prefers to remain and explore the possibility of a relationship with Kate.
He tracks her down and reveals.
He missed their rendezvous.
Overly cautious  Kate initially resists his suggestion.
They see what the future might bring them  but finally agrees to give things a chance.
Harvey invites Kate to ask him.
They slowly stroll away.
This time  he happily answers  telling her his place  is in transition.
<EOS>
This film is about the lives and travails.
Anybody has experienced the 2-odd minute wait.
Who drives.
Do you know that you contribute.
There are beggars  prostitutes  tricksters  eunuchs and others.
Who sell clothes  flowers and trinkets.
They speak quickly  act fast and operate somewhat honorably to eke a meager living out.
They owe allegiance and hafta.
Silsila grew up.
He ran various trades.
He became the Manager.
He is an ideal manager  sensitive and caring yet ruthless.
When it comes.
Silsila reports.
Who reports to the big boss Haji bhaijaan.
Life is well.
A gentle young girl  Rani  arrives.
The initial fireworks blossom.
Everything proceeds normally.
Unbeknownst  Haji bhaijaan is part of a larger nexus of evil.
Comprises politicians and the larger Mafia.
Haji is forced to play a dangerous game.
Where he is forced to invoke the unwitting pawn  Silsila  to start a series.
Silsila is blissfully unaware.
He carries out his orders.
But reality dawns.
When he is apprehended where he was hardly aware of things.
The signal faces destruction.
Silsila s world  and all the people  face extinction.
Who grew up.
Silsila is forced to make a choice.
He may only hope.
His life moves to Red.
The signal moves to Green.
<EOS>
Movie opens.
It is revealed.
Vidyadharan  a small village clocksmith and a widower lived.
His wife had died.
However his childhood friend and love interest Sarojini lives next.
Sarojini was left after living together only for a night.
Which she has a daughter who has grown.
Vidyadharan is paranoid possibly due to his wife s death in the past.
He carries a flashlight.
His daughter and Sarojini s daughter are.
Vidyadharan s extended family disapproves.
We are also introduced.
Who carries a rifle etc.
Their simple world is turned.
Upside down one day as Sarojini s teenage daughter goes missing.
Her body is found inside a cave on a hilltop.
It is revealed.
She was gang raped.
There are no evidence pointing.
Yet another case offence against young girls in the area.
Deep inside  Vidyadharan feels.
Who is.
A battle ensue between Vidyadharan and the hunter and by mistake  Vidyadharan kills the hunter and hence is serving the imprisonment.
The police investigates and declares the hunter innocent.
He leads a calm life and is a pet of the jail warden.
His daughter had been taken away.
Sarojini visits Vidyadharan frequently.
Sarojini tells him.
She met Vidyadharan s daughter and that she has grown up.
He wishes to meet her but is informed.
Her mother s family will not give her the permission to do so.
Sarojini also apprises Vidyadharan about the increasing number of rapes and molestations and recounts the fate of her daughter.
Vidyadharan is visibly disturbed  more so.
His daughter is also growing up.
He starts developing the anxiousness and insecurity.
Vidyadharan s release date comes nearer.
He tells her that upon release  he would go to a land far away with Sarojini and his daughter and would live happily.
He entrusts Sarojini the job.
Sarojini agrees.
Vidyadharan is happy and roams.
Days are nearing.
To his surprise  Vidyadharan find a hole in the thick jail wall.
Vidyadharan tactfully clears the hole and uses his magnifying lens to check.
He is able to view something.
He finds.
The eyesize hole is dug.
He is able to see the hilltop just.
Vidyadharan / constables know being so close.
Is amused but is careful not to let other inmates.
Vidyadharan then sees the small family of blind singers living on the hilltop and their beautiful daughter.
He sees their small time existence.
As they sing.
He also finds.
One constables also intervening in their life telling them to move out of the place.
He is unable to express his anger.
When Vidyadharan meets this constable.
He also recollects the misbehaviour.
Sarojini visited him.
Vidyadharan concludes.
The constable is not a good man.
The other day Vidyadharan witnesses a celebration.
It is revealed.
The beautiful daughter has become adolescent.
Vidyadharan is also very happy.
His own daughter would also be now.
He sees the cruel poilceman going inside.
He looks  while the beautiful young girl is alone in the hut.
This is followed for help.
Vidyadharan sees the police constable chasing her.
She comes running outside.
Vidyadharan tries to seek help.
His voice is not heard.
Stranded  Vidyadharan is totally helpless.
The blind singers come back home to find the shocking news.
They are shattered.
They suffered  they decide to punish themselves by setting fire to the house and themselves.
And Vidyadharan watches.
The next morning the constable comes.
Vidyadharan has lost all control.
He attacks the constable accusing him.
The inmates and the jail warden run in.
Vidyadharan shows the hole and describes the entire episode.
The jailer hears both Vidyadharan and the constable to be taken for medical aid.
The jailer inspects the hole and feels sorry.
The camera zooms.
He leaves.
It is revealed.
There is no such hole there and its just a small piece that has detached from the cement on the strong wall.
The hole and the entire episode was an imagination.
He has a blank face  turns and asks Aara.
Sarojini comes.
The movie concludes.
<EOS>
Senor Manuel is an elderly gentleman.
Who falls with the charming Luisa  a confidence trickster posing as a rich socialite.
Senor Manuel takes Luisa back to see his hacienda and introduces his new fiance to the staff.
Is Gabriel  Manuel s right-hand man.
Who is not only well respected  but is also the one person that Senor Manuel trusts the most.
Likewise  Gabriel cares deeply and is very protective of the haciendero  so much so.
The fiercely devoted Gabriel immediately becomes suspicious that Luisa is a fake and is only after Senor Manuel s money.
Order to expose Luisa but a gold digger  Caught in a tangled web of lies and deceit  all so unexpected  all so unwanted  what twisted fate awaits them.
<EOS>
Betty Compson  as divorcee Marian Morgan  hires a male escort  Willy Castello.
Who has an affair as Mary.
With jitterbugs and strip poker  Helen s Grandmother  Margaret Fealy  locks her out of the house  and  she runs away to marry a man.
She met.
Marian gets fed up.
She laments.
She never got to be young  and free  like they are  and  tells her daughter to go live  for awhile.
Mary does nt get along  so  she decides to go visit Helen  after getting a letter  from her.
The Count is furious.
Letting her daughter traipse  without knowing who she is with  and  warns her that mail-order marriage scams can be one of the worst traps there is.
Together they track down an address.
He hurries to try to save Mary and Helen  Betty Atkinson.
The girls have been imprisoned  in a big old mansion.
It was all a rouse  and  Helen was beaten.
She gave in  and wrote to send.
Time is running out.
It looks.
There s going to be a fight  if the Count is going to save Mary  and marry her  before she disappears  forever.
<EOS>
Richard and Kathryn Mason appear to be a happily married couple.
But  Kathryn accuses Richard of having fallen in love with her younger sister  Evelyn Turner.
Who is visiting them.
He does not deny it  but has resigned himself.
They are.
He is certain Kathryn would not give him a divorce.
The couple s anniversary hosted.
Kathryn suggests to Evelyn  so Evelyn decides to move home.
Their mother is lonely.
Distracted  Richard crashes their car and suffers a broken leg.
He then decides to take desperate action.
Richard pretends to require a wheelchair   his puzzled physician  Doctor Grant  diagnoses the problem as psychological  not physical.
After his leg has healed.
He suggests exercise  so a car trip is arranged.
Richard has to stay home to do some work  he has Kathryn go on ahead by herself.
She is blocked by a parked car.
Richard walks unexpectedly out and kills her.
Afterward  he pushes her car  it dislodges.
Some logs which crash down and hide the automobile.
He returns home to set up an alibi by meeting with employees.
He had summoned.
He then notifies the police.
She is missing.
However  things happen to make.
Richard wonder if Kathryn somehow survived.
First  a hobo is picked up   the tramp admits to having stolen it from a woman matching Kathryn s description after her disappearance.
When Richard and Evelyn identify a cameo ring found as belonging to the missing woman.
Then Richard smells Kathryn s perfume.
He later finds her key   her wedding ring is inside.
When he opens the safe.
Mark suggests.
Richard and Evelyn join him to relieve the strain.
Mark also invites Holdsworth.
Who takes the opportunity to ask Evelyn to marry him.
She is undecided.
He believes.
When she tells Richard.
Her hesitation is.
He tells her.
He loves her  and that she must feel the same.
She strongly denies it.
Realizing his mistake  he encourages Holdsworth to try again.
Then a pawn shop claim ticket is mailed.
What appears to be his wife s handwriting.
He finds Kathryn s locket.
When he goes.
Finally  a woman looking and dressed passes by on the street.
He is.
He follows her.
There is no one there.
When he has the owner show him the place a few minutes later.
It turns out.
It was all designed to make Richard incriminate himself.
He had given himself away.
When he told detectives she was wearing a rose the last time he saw her.
Mark gave  something Richard should have had no way.
Kathryn the rose after she had left her husband.
Kathryn s corpse had been found.
Richard was not told.
Order for him to expose his own guilt.
The ploy works.
Richard returns to see  the police and Mark Hamilton are there waiting to arrest him.
Her body is there.
<EOS>
Emrah is a dreamer.
Who hopes to be a great director  trying to shoot his first feature film.
His father Mehdi  a retired customs enforcement officer  believes.
Emrah is going to become a pharmacist.
Emrah manages to cobble together funding  but is held up by the bureaucracy.
The main obstacle is an endorsement letter.
He needs.
But this proves more difficult  Standing up in pursuit of his ideals  this young man finds himself entangled in a vehement struggle against this petty official.
He expected.
Who blindly enforces a senseless law.
<EOS>
Set at the beginning of June.
People dream of having a different life.
There is wind and music  police and paranoia  gossip  fighting and.
<EOS>
Lawrence ` Rip  Smith  disappointed  searches for a community in the middle of the United States.
Can give perfect results when used.
He sets up an undercover operation there.
When he finally finds a town where citizens  opinions perfectly mirror those.
He gets involved with town inhabitants  and eventually the true nature of his operation is revealed.
The town transforms almost overnight  citizens  aware  begin giving outlandish polling answers instead of the sensible ones.
They gave.
The town s reputation is ruined  together.
Smith however decides to save the town.
<EOS>
Donna Keppel returns home to find her father and brother dead.
She hides.
Richard Fenton  her former teacher who is obsessed  kills her mother in front of her.
Three years later  she has been.
She tells her therapist.
Donna is now living  and is about to graduate from high school.
She and her friends are getting ready to attend their senior prom that night.
He is gone.
She thinks she sees Fenton watching her from across the street  but when a bus passes.
Donna s boyfriend  Bobby  arrives.
Detective Winn   learns.
Who imprisoned Fenton three years ago.
Fenton has escaped and warns Donna s aunt and uncle.
Fenton arrives at the hotel disguised and kills the housekeeper to get the master key.
A man named Mr Ramsey  and takes a room.
Claire has a fight with her boyfriend Michael and goes up to her room with Donna to calm down.
Claire is alone and hears noises.
She then sees Fenton   to stab her and kill her.
Who proceeds to take Claire.
Detective Winn arrives and warns the hotel staff to be.
Fenton kills a hotel employee looking and takes his uniform.
Michael goes upstairs to see her.
When Claire does not return.
Fenton hides.
Michael sees.
Him shut the closet door.
Michael opens the closet  expecting to see Claire  and is jumped.
Fenton brutally stabs and kills Michael.
Lisa and Ronnie head up into Fenton in the elevator.
She is caught.
Making out Lisa realizes that it was Fenton and runs off to warn Donna  but after taking the stairs.
She is chased down.
Where construction is taking place.
She hides herself.
Getting chased and is able to see her boyfriend looking for her.
Fenton blocks her.
She is about to go.
Lisa leaves her spot and makes a run but is caught and killed by Fenton.
Winn and his assistant Nash find the body.
Winn goes up and finds the housekeeper s body.
Knowing  Winn sounds the emergency alarm and has the entire hotel evacuated.
Fenton is.
Donna goes back and is attacked by him.
Realizing Donna is still back up to the room.
Donna escapes Fenton.
SWAT and police search the hotel  but find no sign.
Winn discovers the body.
Winn realizes.
Fenton left the hotel.
Winn now races back and finds Detective Nash dead in his squad car.
Inside Donna goes to find.
Bobby s throat has been slit.
She sees a shadow out.
She hides  thinking.
The shadow is Fenton s.
The person is reavealed to be Detective Winn and Fenton grabs Donna in the closet.
Winn is about to open the closet but then hears a scream  from noticing the dead officer on the ground outside.
Winn runs.
Donna bites Fenton and tries to escape out of the closet but trips on the floor.
Fenton tries to hold her down.
Donna continues to struggle and kick him.
Winn runs in and shoots Fenton several times  killing him.
When Fenton is about to stab Donna.
Donna cries.
Winn tells her it is over.
<EOS>
A young French idealist   arrives on the Atlantic coast.
Who gives his name.
Baptiste tells a member.
I come.
I ve details.
The first half often has a lighthearted tone  the Germans are portrayed as bumbling and easily outwitted.
I can get them.
The German commandant is overweight and gullible.
However   the SS take charge.
The Resistance successfully sabotage a German armaments train.
The occupation takes a brutal turn.
<EOS>
Indian Air Force pilot Bhagat lives.
The family find.
Going one day.
The bank is being held up.
The bank-robbers panic.
Bhagat witnesses this horrific spectacle and is unable to do anything to save his wife.
The robbers were masked  but one had a tear in his shoe.
Another was wearing a locket  very similar.
Bhagat s inquiries take him.
Where he must confront the past  as well as seek out the elusive killers and bring them.
He will be endangering the life.
<EOS>
Smith  a mild-mannered clerk  unexpectedly becomes one among his colleagues to sign up on the declaration of World War I.
Undashing but courageous  he foils a German sabotage plot.
<EOS>
Jaden Cole relives an important day over and over  each rewinded day sees new information.
Jaden s girlfriend Jessica conforts him  reaasuring him.
He is only worrying.
Unravels a shocking conclusion.
He is caught.
He prepares.
Dragon Lair Films website films page.
<EOS>
Lives Ali  a young man.
Who wants to act but is unable to find proper work.
The only escape  besides nightly conversations with a poster of Robert De niro s Raging Bull  is occasional bottom-of-the-line stage melodramas.
Ali makes money.
Where his father is a vegetable vendor.
This quarter  Rod al-Faraj  is emblematic.
Have been erased  and isolated their residents by an Egyptian government  wanting to restore its historic monuments and attract tourists.
There s a point.
Which Ali s souq  slotted  is shut by the Egyptian internal security.
He finally decides to escape Egypt and pursue acting.
Two years later we do find him acting.
Unable to find legal work  he has fallen.
Who pays him to throw fights.
Ali is again stripped.
Ali s partner betrays him and flees  leaving.
His business is forcibly absorbed.
Him penniless and.
Ultimately the actor finds himself back  having to start his life quite literally from scratch.
<EOS>
Jewel Courage rejects.
A suitor  whom she thinks is a chauffeur.
It transpires  Hamilton is the millionaire and the other man a chauffeur.
The roles were   reversed.
Jewel is crushed but manages to do well in business.
She and the real millionaire find themselves reconciled.
TCM Database.
<EOS>
The film is a character study focusing.
Suzanne engages in a number of affairs in reaction to her miserable situation at home.
<EOS>
Harry s bride is murdered.
The good-hearted outlaw turns grimly malevolent.
One he stalks his wife s killers  dispatching them all on Sheriff Gale Thurman.
He finally sets his sights  mistakenly.
The lawman bests Harry and keeps him hiding outside town.
Straying  the Sheriff s girlfriend is first overtaken by highwaymen  then rescued by Harry  only to be taken captive by Harry.
When he realizes who she is.
Harry slowly falls in love with her  all.
Hostile Apaches attempt to kill them both.
The Sheriff tracks them down  a full-scale assault is under way.
The two men join forces.
Harry realizes the Sheriff s innocence.
It is too late  the lawman is dead.
He has saved his girlfriend - and Harry.
<EOS>
Anoop Krishnan.
B.
A  moves him to B.
Ed degree.
Kottapuram Saraswathi Vilasam U.
P.
Schools teacher Anoop Krishnan ready.
The whole Administration was going smoothly  with the arrival of Anoop Krishnan at the school.
Who has no interest.
Story turns from that on.
<EOS>
A white koala named.
Johnny is teased so he joins a traveling circus with the help of Hamish  a Tasmanian Devil  and a Higgens  a monkey photographer.
He is disappointed.
He is part.
The top act is Wild Bushman.
Who takes all the audience.
Johnny checks out the act and ends up part and saved by The Wild Bushman.
Their wagon train car becomes unattached and crashes.
Traveling. 
They come upon a billabong.
They witness but rescued by a kangaroo  a wombat army  and Miranda  a vine-swinging female koala talented at throwing a boomerang.
A pack are chasing a bilby.
Boris  a vulture  reveals.
Bog  a giant crocodile intends.
The dingos threaten to take over  the rock Johnny is free.
He slides down the cliff and ends up rolling.
Chases the dingos away.
Hamish introduces the now-famous white koala.
Miranda is not impressed.
Johnny watches her.
She practices.
Miranda breaks the branch.
When noticed.
He is and complains.
He tries to lie his way out but ends up suggesting.
He is an expert and proven wrong when offered to try it himself.
Hamish s plan is to take photos doing heroic stuff and make him famous as Koala Kid  they can get in the main act rather than the freak show and earn Hamish more money.
When they get back.
Bog is not impressed.
Them to capture Koala Kid.
Miranda s younger sister Charlotte gets covered with cosmetic powder and mistaken for the Koala Kid and kidnapped.
The billabong residents plan to rescue Charlotte but must cross the dangerous Bungle Bungles to Precipice Lake.
This convinces Hamish to go along and join in the team to rescue Charlotte.
Johnny accidentally saves the day a few times.
Miranda is still not impressed.
Johnny and Miranda fall and tell the rest of them go on ahead.
They are being hunted.
Johnny saves Miranda but soon realizes and pulls out the thorn.
The lizard is suffering.
The lizard  Loki becomes friends ride it out of the caves.
Boris is just a lie.
As Miranda starts to take a liking.
The vulture reveals that Johnny is just a freak show act and the Koala Kid thing.
Miranda tells him to leave but finds.
That the gang will need to bring a koala.
Charlotte will have to do.
Miranda offers to take her place.
Charlotte goes to find Johnny.
The kangaroo and the wombat army manage to distract and capture all the gang.
Charlotte finds Johnny along.
They decide to finally help Johnny get  Miranda.
What he really wants.
Johnny calls Loki and rides off and saves Miranda.
Bog shows up and gives chase.
They head hoping the Wild Bushman will be able to tame Bog.
Bog proves too powerful.
Johnny uses the boomerang to bring down the big top.
Johnny  Miranda and Loki become the main attraction and the bad guys get sold.
Johnny asks Miranda.
She likes her new life.
She is not so sure.
Plan B is they ride off.
<EOS>
The film opens.
The Russians are.
A German SS general is dispatched with top secret materials  with orders to hide them from the Allies.
Barney Caine is assigned to solve the murder.
The scene is made to look.
However  Neeley has written ` Gene.
Caine finds a map on it.
Caine is surprised to learn hosted Adam Steiffel.
Neeley provided drugs.
He quickly catches her.
When he interviews Neeley s.
He finds her shot dead.
When he returns to interview her a second time.
Steiffel reveals.
Neeley was working as a bagman  executing all the bribes that are required of an American energy firm to operate in the Middle East.
He sent Neeley overseas frequently to distribute money.
He makes reference.
Converts coal and claimed that the Nazis had relied heavily on their coal reserves and the formula to fuel their war efforts  given their lack of petroleum resources.
Steiffel asserts.
The formula has been kept secret.
Caine becomes convinced.
He must go to solve Neeley s murder.
The Chief is seen phoning one.
He convinces his Chief to allow him to pursue the investigation.
Caine has taken the bait.
Once  Caine meets up with Paul Obermann at the Berlin Zoo.
Olbermann explains.
The formula was real.
The Nazis hid it.
This confirms Caine s hunch.
Neeley was killed.
Obermann is murdered.
Back  his niece Lisa shows up to be interviewed by the police.
Caine asks Lisa to accompany him on his investigation  acting as his interpreter.
She agrees.
They follow up.
Obermann gave him.
He reveals.
The inventor is still alive.
Siebold is shot through a window.
They leave his apartment.
Lisa and Caine sleep together.
He writes down the formula.
When they meet up.
He makes Caine promise to make it public.
Lisa and Caine make photocopies and send them.
Caine also hides two copies  depositing them in the hotel s safe.
He reveals.
He has deduced that she is not Obermann s niece at all.
A spy sent to keep tabs.
She admits it  but claims.
She did nt sleep.
Caine confronts the assassin.
Who killed the Neeleys  who reveals Steiffel ordered their murders.
Lisa kills the assassin to prove.
She was nt lying.
Then she flees.
Caine realizes.
The two copies were replaced with fakes by Lisa  and that the only real copies are with the LAPD and the Swiss.
He heads straight to Steiffel s office.
Steiffel has kidnapped Caine s partner and is holding him.
Is  that Caine had received from Esau.
Steiffel gives a speech about the reason.
The cartel for which he works has been keeping the formula secret.
The cartel s plan is to keep the formula secret.
It has acquired control which -- to the possessor of the formula -- will be worth their weight in gold when the world runs out of oil.
They had been able to keep it secret.
A Swiss business man named Tauber began searching  in the hopes of reconstituting the team and recreating the formula.
This made the members a liability to the cartel  so Steiffel had pulled strings to get Caine sent on a trip to Germany.
The plan was.
Caine s trip would serve.
Caine offers to turn over the original copy for the release of his partner Yosuta.
Steiffel agrees.
Yosuta is released.
Caine reveals.
He sent the formula.
Afer Caine has left  Steiffel rifles for a business card and makes a phone call to the Swiss business man.
Whom Caine sent the formula.
He asks Tauber to keep the formula secret in exchange for a 30 % share of his anthracite holdings.
They negotiate briefly.
The Swiss executive agrees to hold off.
<EOS>
Allan Campbell  a man  goes.
Who has had a very bad day.
He drunkenly befriends.
A mysterious man who calls himself Jonas  revealing a list of five people he wishes were dead.
But  Allan  no longer believing the events to be a practical joke  must set out to end the murders.
The bodies start piling up  and on his trail.
It is too late.
<EOS>
Survivors have set up outposts across the United States.
Of which   contains a feudal-like government.
Bordered by rivers and on the third by an electric fence  the city has become a sanctuary  with the rich and powerful living in luxury on the Fiddler s Green.
The rest subsists in squalor.
The city s ruler Paul Kaufman has sponsored Dead Reckoning  a heavily armored vehicle.
Can travel.
Armed  Dead Reckoning functions  on the premise  ignoring their environs.
A moving fireworks launch base.
Zombies are fascinated and will stare at them.
Riley Denbo  designer and commander  has recently retired.
Riley is respected for his work in protecting the city from danger  as well as for bringing critical food and medical supplies.
The citizens can no longer acquire safely themselves.
Using the moving anti-dead tank  Dead Reckoning  Riley and crew ventured.
Are overrun.
Order to procure supplies.
One.
They noticed.
Many appear to exhibit some kind of thought process or planning.
One such zombie  Big Daddy   is shown to be especially capable.
Who was a gas station owner.
Back  Riley discovers Chihuahua entertaining his bar s patrons by bear-baiting a woman  Slack  to some zombies.
Riley and Charlie save Slack but kill Chihuahua.
All three are shortly arrested.
Slack reveals  a former co-worker s trying to instigate rebellion among the poor.
She was being executed  because she works for Mulligan.
Meanwhile  the assassin Cholo DeMora  second  is denied an apartment in Fiddler s Green.
Cholo threatens to destroy Fiddler s Green with the Dead Reckoning  seized by himself and his assistants Pretty Boy  Mouse  Anchor  and Foxy.
Zombies attack.
They are leaving.
Cholo orders his crew not to intervene.
Kaufman sends Riley to stop Cholo.
Manolete is bitten and subsequently executed.
Riley devises a plan to approach the vehicle alone.
They come.
Charlie  Slack  and Pillsbury follow him.
They disable Motown and leave her behind to Kaufman.
Cholo realises.
Riley is working and holds both Riley and Charlie at gunpoint.
Motown   opens fire and nearly kills both Riley and Cholo.
Slack and Pillsbury can react.
Who has come round.
Riley de-activates Dead Reckoning s weapons systems and convinces Cholo to allow him escape Northward.
Cholo goes west.
Cholo is later bitten to kill Kaufman.
Zombie leader Big Daddy perceives  he leads the zombies.
The river is no obstacle.
Himself follows Kaufman.
The now dead-and-reanimated Cholo attacks Kaufman.
When Big Daddy leaves the garage.
Both are killed.
When the latter causes an explosion.
Riley and his crew discover.
Although most inhabitants have become zombies themselves  some had followed Mulligan to escape.
Pretty Boy has the opportunity to kill Big Daddy and the zombies  but Riley orders her.
Riley and his friends then use Dead Reckoning to leave the city.
<EOS>
The film was inspired.
The title character even had a catchphrase   you re.
Apprehending a criminal  Love would declare.
Ryan  the next supervisor.
However  the series  financed and heavily sanitized to conform to Graves  religious morals  was eventually cancelled.
One episode featured many such as Judy Carne  Jo Anne Worley and Arte Johnson in particular playing a mad bomber.
Another notable guest star was Jaclyn Smith.
Who appeared.
<EOS>
An aged Butch Cassidy  living under the assumed name James Blackthorn in a secluded village in Bolivia  decides to end his long exile and return to the United States after learning of the death of Etta Place.
He writes.
Who is.
Blackthorn sets off for Potosi to sell his horses.
He tells his lover  Yana.
He will see her again.
Blackthorn withdraws his savings from the bank  sells his horses  and then heads back to his village.
He is ambushed and nearly killed.
He shoots his attacker  but not bolts off with his money.
The shooter is Eduardo Apodaca  a Spaniard mining engineer.
Who claims he was shooting.
He begs Blackthorn to save him  and offers to share part.
He stole.
The money is hidden.
He will compensate Blackthorn.
Blackthorn and the Spaniard set out with Patino s posse within a day s pursuit.
They reach the abandoned mine and find the money.
The posse catches up.
Blackthorn and the Spaniard escape with the money.
They make their way.
Where the famous outlaw remembers his old friendships  and how they escaped from Pinkerton Detective Mackinley.
Yana joins the men.
Blackthorn gives her a pocket watch.
He won.
She rejects it as a gringo machine  but then accepts the gift as something to remember him by.
Later  Yana returns.
The next morning  two female members come.
And in the ensuing gunfight  Blackthorn is wounded.
Yana is killed.
A heartbroken Blackthorn and the Spaniard leave not far behind.
They set out  hoping to reach the coast.
Where Blackthorn can find a boat to take him home.
Halfway across  the posse catches up.
Blackthorn and the Spaniard split up and are able to kill their pursuers and escape.
Blackthorn is treated.
When he reaches Tupiza.
Who notifies former Pinkerton Detective Mackinley -- now living a quiet life -- of his famous patient.
Mackinley confirms the man s identity.
Mackinley claimed.
The two bandits killed were not Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid.
Now he will finally be proven correct.
But  Mackinley changes his mind  returns Blackthorn s pistol  and helps him escape.
He reveals the truth about the Spaniard and his pursuers.
When Mackinley later discovers that Blackthorn was involved.
Apparently  the $ 50000 was.
The Spaniard stole.
Who recently took control.
The Spaniard stole the money -- something Butch Cassidy would never have done.
He does not betray him.
Disgusted. 
Blackthorn tracks the Spaniard  with the Bolivian army not far behind.
The Spaniard does not deny it  saying the money.
When Blackthorn catches up and confronts him with the truth.
He stole was indeed.
Blackthorn shoots the Spaniard and leaves him and the money for the Bolivian army.
Who soon arrive and kill the thief.
Blackthorn escapes  remembering his life and friends in better days.
<EOS>
The story is set  in the Swedish town of Uppsala.
It deals.
The siblings  parents are both involved and are happily married until the father s sudden death through a stroke.
Shortly thereafter  their mother  Emilie  finds a new suitor and accepts his proposal of marriage  moving into his ascetic home and putting the children under his stern and unforgiving rule.
He is particularly hard  trying to break his will by every means  something Emilie had not expected.
The children and their mother soon live.
Finally the Ekdahl family intervenes  urged and told her of their dire situation.
The children are smuggled out of the house.
The Ekdahls  attempts to bribe or threaten the bishop fail.
Emilie   slips her husband a sedative and flees.
The bishop is burnt.
Alexander has met the Jewish merchant s mysterious nephew  Ismael Retzinsky  and fantasized about his stepfather s death - it is.
If Alexander s fantasy comes true as he dreams it.
The story ends  with the christening of Emilie s and the late bishop s daughter as well as the illegitimate daughter of Alexander s uncle  Gustav Adolf Ekdahl  this fruit of the lustful man s affair with the nanny  Maj  is cheerfully adopted into the Ekdahl clan.
However  Alexander encounters the ghost of the bishop.
Who pushes him  signalling that he will never be completely free of him.
<EOS>
Ethnobotanist/anthropologist Dennis Alan   receives a potion connecting him to his protective totem through a series of visions  and is later guided by a jaguar from the Rainforest itself.
Returned  he is sent to Haiti by a pharmaceutical corporation looking to investigate a drug used in Haitian Vodou  in the hope of using it for anesthesia.
Alan s exploration to find the drug  assisted by the doctor Marielle  draws the attention of the authorities.
That the commander warns Alan to leave Haiti.
Alan refuses to leave  and continues to investigate.
Eventually  he encounters a local witch doctor  Mozart.
Who can produce the drug.
Mozart sells him a substitute instead.
Alan is arrested a second time and tortured.
Again refuses to leave.
Later he meets again to obtain the true poison.
Alan experiences.
A nightmare planted by Peytraud  and wakes beside a dead woman.
The Tonton Macoutes then frame Alan.
Alan is brought.
Who places him.
Alan thence returns to study the components and effects of the drug.
The wife of Alan s employer is possessed by Peytraud.
Who warns him.
Thereafter Alan returns.
Where he is buried alive.
Having emerged he returns.
There  Alan and his jaguar spirit defeat Peytraud  prompting Marielle to say The nightmare is over.
<EOS>
The film takes place.
Film Critic review.
Angel is a 15-year-old cheerleader who has her life.
She falls with Tony Falcon  a drug dealing high school.
A nighttime outing leads.
Angel and Tony are caught.
Angel has it very hard as well.
Tony is the only one who is sent.
She is estranged.
Her friends refuse ever to talk.
The family think.
It s to move to new surroundings.
Angel and her family move.
She starts an entire new life and even falls with a new boy.
However  she is soon.
When Tony escapes and interrupts her sweet sixteen.
He takes her away.
Together they try to escape.
A chase follows.
<EOS>
The film starts.
Maria marries the soldier Hermann Braun.
Together  Hermann returns to the front.
Postwar  Maria is told.
Hermann has been killed.
Maria starts work.
She has a relationship.
Who supports her and gives her nylon stockings and cigarettes.
She becomes pregnant.
Hermann   returns home to discover Maria and Bill undressing each other.
Who was not killed.
A fight ensues.
Maria unintentionally kills Bill striking his head.
When Hermann seems.
Maria is tried  and expresses her love for both Bill and Hermann - Hermann is so struck with Maria s devotion.
He takes the blame and is imprisoned.
Maria likely aborts her pregnancy and asks her doctor promise to maintain the grave.
Maria catches the eye of a wealthy industrialist  Karl Oswald.
Oswald  an older man  offers her a position.
Shortly thereafter Maria becomes his mistress to maintain the upper hand.
Maria visits Hermann again and tells him  promising.
Their life will start as soon as he is released.
Maria becomes wealthy and buys a house.
Oswald visits Hermann and offers to make him and Maria heirs if Hermann deserts Maria after his release.
Neither man tells Maria.
Hermann emigrates to Canada and sends Maria.
A red rose each month to remind her he still loves her.
Hermann returns to Germany and to Maria.
Senkenberg Maria hears with Hermann.
When Oswald s will is read.
Distressed  Maria lights a cigarette and dies.
When the gas explodes.
She had left the gas knob turned on.
<EOS>
Vance and Pepe  two hosts of a renowned reality makeover series  find out their show.
Has been cancelled.
Desperate  they anxiously devise a plan to use their fame to find new careers in the porn industry.
Sensing  a documentary crew follow the ` famous  reality TV duo but find out.
A train wreck is near.
They try to create a porn.
Making it big is a long and hard process.
<EOS>
The film follows the adventures  fighting against the wicked Witch Queen and her band of monsters.
The film starts in the castle in the Haunted Forest  heart of the Devil s dominion.
Which the Vampire accuses the Wolf and the Ogre.
Their friend Stinky the Skunk however escapes and informs Little Red Riding Hood and Tom Thumb.
Who promise to help.
Meanwhile  the Queen and her sister the Old Witch cast a terrible curse  turning villagers for trying to defy her magic.
The rest details the heroes  quest to conquer evil.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Her back is revealed  showing sutures all over her back.
The scene cuts.
Who runs to a road near a forest.
She stops.
A car  screaming  begging  covered in blood from a wound in her stomach.
This is revealed to be Marie s dream.
She and Alex  her best friend  are.
Alex gives Marie a tour.
When they arrive.
They settle down.
Marie and Alex get ready to go to bed.
Marie lies.
Alex sleeps.
Marie hears.
A doorbell ring and Alex s father wakes to answer it.
The man is a serial killer.
Who slashes Alex s father s face.
Alex s father s head is pressed  then the killer shoves the bookcase towards the father s head  decapitating him.
The noise awakens Alex s mother.
Who finds her husband dead and is approached.
Marie  hearing the mother s screams  quickly arranges the guest room to make it appear  and hides.
No one is staying there.
The killer inspects Marie s room but does not find her.
Marie creeps downstairs and finds Alex chained.
Promising to find help  she sneaks.
She hides in the closet and through the slats of the door witnesses the killing of Alex s mother.
Her throat is brutally slashed.
Alex s younger brother runs.
Marie returns.
Where she witnesses the young boy s murder.
Marie promises to free Alex.
The killer is heard returning.
Marie sneaks and takes a butcher knife.
Alex is dragged.
Marie sneaks there with Alex.
He locks them and drives off.
Marie gives Alex the knife and sneaks.
When the killer stops.
Witnesses is murdered with an axe.
When the killer comes.
The killer returns takes the clerk s car keys and chases the killer down a deserted road.
The killer notices Marie following him  and rams Marie s vehicle  pushing her car.
Exiting  Marie runs into the forest.
The killer seeks her.
Eventually  Marie bludgeons the killer.
He grabs  so Marie suffocates him with a plastic sheet and makes her way back to the truck.
Marie inspects the body.
Alex seems terrified.
She returns.
The tape shows Marie murdering the store clerk.
Police investigate the gas station murders.
The audience is shown.
The family murders really happened.
Finally  the audience discovers.
Marie is murderous  delusional  and.
Marie unties Alex.
As soon  she threatens Marie and accuses her of butchering her family.
Alex is free.
Alex slashes Marie s face and stabs her before running into the forest.
Marie chases Alex saw.
Alex finds a road and flags down a car.
Marie appears brandishing the concrete saw and disembowels the driver.
Alex is climbing.
A stray piece slices Alex s Achilles tendon.
Alex takes a crowbar and crawls along the road.
Marie forces Alex to tell her.
She loves her.
She kisses her.
Alex plunges the crowbar.
Engaged. 
Marie proclaims she ll never let anyone come.
The final scene shows Marie.
Alex watching her.
Marie grins and reaches  aware.
She is.
<EOS>
A large wagon train left Springfield  Illinois for California.
The Donner party left the main body of emigrants to take a never before tried shortcut across the Great Basin.
The Donner Party arrived  the last mountain pass before California weeks behind schedule and short of food.
The first blizzard started only one day.
They planned to head up and over the Sierra Nevada.
They would be forced to wait months to make the final push  enduring the Sierra Nevada s most unfavorable winter in history.
The group was trapped for five months  culminating in death and cannibalism.
Women and children in the Donner Party only 46 survived to reach California.
<EOS>
Teenager Bethany Hamilton lives in Kauai  Hawaii with her parents Tom and Cheri  and two brothers  Noah and Timmy.
All are surfers.
She and her best friend Alana Blanchard have grown up and enter a competition.
Her church youth ministry leader  Sarah Hill  is disappointed.
When she has to withdraw.
Bethany and Alana place first and third  respectively.
The second place winner  Malina Birch  proves to be resentful.
Bethany invites both girls up.
Malina ungraciously refuses.
The Rip Curl surfwear company offers to sponsor her and Alana.
The night sneak off with some friends to go surfing.
Both girls go surfing.
While Tom goes.
A tiger shark appears out and sinks its teeth into it  biting it off near the shoulder.
Bethany dangles her left arm.
Holt gets Bethany out and puts a tourniquet on her.
Byron calls.
An ambulance meets them.
Dr David Rovinsky is called to the emergency room to treat Bethany.
Bethany also lost 60 % of her blood.
David calls her survival a miracle.
The onslaught also proves to be a great strain on her family and their privacy.
The Hamiltons are grateful.
Saved her life.
Bethany s injury prevents her participating.
She wishes Alana well.
A television program  offers to provide a prosthetic arm and has bendable joints  in exchange for an interview.
Is cosmetically perfect.
Bethany angrily rejects it.
When she learns it will not help her surf as it is not weight bearing.
Bethany perseveres and   gets back in the water and learns to surf with one arm  eventually re-entering the competition.
She tells her rival Malina not to go easy  and rejects a five-minute head start offered by the judges.
She does not perform well.
She can not stay long enough to go out and catch a competitive wave.
Malina wins.
Disappointed  she decides to give up competitive surfing.
Bethany sees the effects.
Places her own problems.
She decides to surprise Sarah.
They are understandably afraid.
Bethany decides to go with a surfboard  hoping.
This will coax him.
It works.
The realization motivates her to take up surfing again.
She can use her gift to inspire people.
Tom rigs a handle.
She can use to prevent falling off.
He also voices the belief.
She possesses a great surfer s instinct.
She enters the national championship  thanks Malina  and performs respectably.
She is still chasing third place.
Suddenly   the waves die down.
All the surfers can only loiter  waiting to start back up.
Tom s belief is proven.
When she is the only one to sense a big wave forming.
She alone paddles out.
The others can not get out.
When it forms.
She catches it.
As the horn sounds.
She will win.
It is.
The judges rule.
The time has expired.
Malina is the winner.
She has finally gotten with her  inviting her up on the platform to share first place.
Subsequently  Bethany lets the reporters interview her.
One asks her.
What she would do if given the chance to undo the loss.
She says.
She would still lose it because she can embrace more people now than she ever could.
The film ends.
Also showing video.
She has made.
<EOS>
The movie revolves.
Who catches marine animals in order to pay off the mortgage  and return to Ireland.
Nolan s crew is looking.
A scientist named.
Ken is being targeted.
A killer whale comes and kills the shark  subsequently saving Ken.
This switches Nolan s target.
He tries to capture.
He is.
What he believes to be a male whale  but mistakenly harpoons a pregnant female.
She tries to kill herself and is injured.
Nolan and his crew get the orca.
Where it subsequently miscarries.
The crew hoses the dead fetus overboard.
The male looks.
Later that night  seeking release  the male orca tries to sink the ship.
One  Novak  cuts the female off the ship.
The male leaps and drags him.
The following day  the orca pushes his now dead mate.
Alan Swain berates Nolan after finding the dead whale on shore.
Nolan denies responsibility.
Swain and the villagers eventually find out his involvement.
The villagers insist.
He stay and kill the whale  as its presence is causing the fish vital.
The orca then terrorizes the village  first.
Causes a fire and subsequent explosion.
Dr Rachel Bedford  colleague  shows him.
Similar whales are that  If he -LSB- the orca -RSB- is like a human  what he wants is nt necessarily what he should have.
Nolan confesses.
He empathises  as his own wife and unborn child had previously been killed in a car crash caused by a drunk driver.
Nolan promises Rachel not to fight the whale.
The whale attacks his sea-front house  containing an injured crew member within it.
The house starts slipping.
The whale bites Annie s leg off.
Nolan decides to fight the orca  much.
He and Paul are now the only crew members left.
Dr Bedford and Ken go.
Who joins them to share his knowledge.
The crew begins to pursue the whale.
It signals Nolan to follow him.
Ken is leaning  killing him in the process.
When the whale surfaces and grabs him.
They keep.
They start to reach the Strait.
Paul starts to get.
The maddened orca knocks Paul out and drowns him.
The next day  the whale shoves an iceberg and starts to sink it.
Nolan manages to harpoon the whale.
Before he and Dr Bedford escape.
Umilak is crushed just after sending out an SOS.
Nolan and Dr Bedford hide.
Nolan slips.
The orca separates the icebergs  trapping Nolan.
The whale jumps  causing it to tilt and send Nolan into the water.
The whale lifts Nolan up and throws him onto another iceberg  killing him.
Dr Bedford looks on.
Nolan slips.
The whale swims.
His revenge complete.
A helicopter is seen to rescue Dr Bedford.
<EOS>
Linda Linda Linda tells the story.
Who decide to put together a band.
The guitarist and singer quit the band.
Days before they are to play the festival.
The remaining members  nihongo  nihongo  and nihongo must figure out.
What to do or risk cancelling.
They decide to perform covers.
All agree.
They need to find a new member to be the singer.
They ask the first girl - nihongo  a Korean foreign exchange student.
Walks. 
Son is not fluent.
This leads  but through sharing in the ins and outs of high school life  they are able to understand one another.
The first day ends.
Kyoko talking.
They begin practicing early at school.
Where Kei struggles to play the guitar.
Kyoko is seen selling crepes.
School begins  they all break off to do their own thing.
It s time for the girls to regroup back at the music club room  but Kyoko ends up coming late.
They miss their time slot.
Kei calls her ex-boyfriend and manages to get her group over to Studio Q to practice.
They leave late to return to school  and continue practicing through the rest of the night.
They had begun to get down their songs and are on their way to performing well.
They all go to help out during the festival.
School begins.
Kei continues to practice and master her guitar parts and talks.
Son  is supposed to be helping until falling asleep on her desk.
Kyoko is assumed to have gone back.
Nozomi falls asleep.
Kei and Kyoko wake up a reluctant Nozomi and go to fetch Son.
There   they find.
She received a note to go to the equipment room where Mackey wanted to ask her out.
However   Son comically walked out.
They enjoyed a dinner.
Where Kyoko was convinced to talk to Oe.
Kyoko agrees to talk the next day  one hour before the performance.
They end the night back  practicing until early morning.
The band gets awakened by a group.
Who began to take out instruments to set them up.
The band decides to head back and continue practicing.
However  they fall asleep and Kei dreams about being celebrated and performing for The Ramones at the Budokan.
All this while  the stage managers begin to search.
To pass the time  the band s friends.
Takako and Moe have impromptu performances.
Kei only wakes up.
When Oe calls to ask where Kyoko is.
The band then rushes back in a taxi.
Where Oe and Kyoko finally meet while everyone else sets up.
The band performs two  and Owaranai Uta to an excited and pumped up crowd.
When Kyoko finally comes in.
They had planned.
<EOS>
A village fisherman.
Jayasena Fernando acquires a job.
He draws the ire and the interest of his boss s daughter Surangani.
Jaya becomes successful.
Jaya gradually forgets and begins vying for Sue s attention.
Jaya realizes.
Sue does nt matter and that he loves Karuna.
He decides to go back home.
Karuna however has married.
When Jaya returns and the film ends.
Tony Ranasinghe plays a newspaper reporter.
Who is sympathetic.
<EOS>
A text scroll gives some historical background about Myanmar being granted independence after World War II by the United Kingdom  without the problem of ethnic conflict with the Karen people on the country s border areas being resolved.
So  the Burmese central government  then known as SLORC and the Karen National Liberation Army have been engaged in a war.
Is little known.
A Thai timber baron  Tweepong  exploits the situation.
Order to have the unrest continue while his company logs the teak forests.
Wild west atmosphere comes a young  idealistic police lieutenant  Danai.
Who s to take charge at the border town of Fah Soong Pha Sak.
He rides.
A gun battle has erupted.
Danai  wearing his crisp police uniform  ends up dumped.
He then gives the unkempt  undisciplined local policemen a dressing down  saying.
They all must clean up and wear their uniforms.
The gunmen had been sent to kill Ram.
Who started the fight.
Somsak later visits Danai to invite him.
Eager to carry out his duties  Danai starts a foot patrol and finds.
His tight brown uniform and new boots are unsuited.
He encounters a man nattily dressed chasing butterflies with a net.
Sitting down for some blisters on his feet.
The man is the elder Tweepong.
Who gives Danai some salve.
Tweepong meets with a SLORC colonel and gains intelligence about the Myanmar government s fight against the Karen.
Danai attends the birthday party  and meets Somsak s wife.
Who was a former beauty queen and actress.
She is unhappily married and has become an alcoholic.
Danai continues his tour.
Who is a teacher.
She is also the daughter.
Her mother was a Karen woman   hence the deep resentment Ram has.
Who was raped and killed.
Further education comes.
When fighting spills over into Thailand.
They attempt to wade the Salween River and cross over.
Karen troops  led  are being attacked by a SLORC helicopter.
Danai Ram to turn the Karen back.
He relents  even growing so frustrated.
To fire.
However  nothing more comes.
But there is more drama.
Somsak discovers his wife having an affair.
She accuses Somsak.
Somsak grows enraged.
His wife pulls out a gun.
Somsak tries to take it  shooting her in the process.
She escapes and drives.
Where she dies.
Somsak is now a fugitive  hiding.
Danai at first believes  but Ram convinces him otherwise.
He must go to extradite Somsak.
They take a party to get Somsak back by force.
Somsak s father makes a deal to give them Stinger missiles in exchange for saving his son.
Tulay and his men sneak up  but let.
Them live for saving their lives during the earlier incident at the river.
Danai tells Tulay and must be brought back for trial.
Somsak had committed murder.
This is Kawthoolei.
Thai laws have no meaning here  Tulay replies.
The next morning  the Karen attack.
Ram is fatally shot.
He is able to get off a shot.
Injures Tulay.
Danai and the survivors   take Somsak and head back to Thailand.
They come again by Tulay   was waiting under the water just upstream to ambush them.
As Danai and Nid are crossing a small river bridge back.
Who  though injured.
However  then SLORC troops show up and shoot Tulay.
The SLORC colonel says.
He has made a deal.
Orders Danai to drop his weapons.
Tulay  though  is not yet dead.
He floats downstream and fatally shoots the colonel.
Somsak then runs back.
Nid still has her pistol.
She hands it.
Who then shoots Somsak to death.
<EOS>
The farce is set.
Where unsuspecting heterosexual Cleveland businessman Gaetano Proclo has taken refuge.
There Gaetano stumbles  including a rabid chubby chaser  go-go boys  a squeaky-voiced detective  and Googie Gomez  a third-rate Puerto Rican entertainer with visions of Broadway glory.
Who mistakes him and whom he mistakes for a man in drag.
Further complications arise.
When Gaetano s wife Vivian tracks him down and jumps.
<EOS>
The film follows aging  overworked actor Mack Cameron.
He struggles to keep up.
Cameron accepts a lead role despite schedule conflicts with a major movie role.
He s lined up.
It will be filmed.
Cameron sees the project.
Cameron s frustration boils over.
When he learns he has been removed in the upcoming blockbuster because of his decision to work close to home.
Cameron lashes out  further alienating his family and wreaking havoc on the set.
Cameron s child co-star  CJ Kinney is particularly affected.
CJ s desire alienates him from his peers and family  especially from his overbearing father Cal.
Interaction inspires Cameron to re-assess his priorities  ultimately  he opts to put his family and life in his hometown ahead of his career.
<EOS>
An evil Djinn is released from his prison - an ancient jewel - and must grant three wishes to the person.
Who awakens him  in order to release the race from hell and allow them to take over the earth.
Painter Sam and his girlfriend Lisa have just moved in together.
When he has a terrible accident that leaves him crippled.
Determined to help him  Lisa retains a lawyer  Steven.
Who has a crush.
Sam grows ever more distant from Lisa  thinking.
She is having an affair.
They can not have sex.
Sensing Sam s growing distance  Steven moves in  awkwardly offering as a gift a jewel.
He found hidden away.
The jewel  unknown  is the Djinn s cell.
Lisa inadvertently awakens the Djinn.
Secretly kills Steven and takes his form.
The Djinn/Steven begins making advances to trick her into making wishes.
She first wishes.
He was talking to.
The Djinn next takes Lisa out.
What she wishes.
The Djinn grants this wish  enabling Sam to walk  but not repairing the injuries.
When she says she wishes Sam could walk again.
Made him crippled.
They next go.
Where they share champagne.
The Djinn hears.
Getting more to drink.
Lisa wish she could love Steven.
Aware  he is unable to grant it right away  he spends much time trying to decipher human love.
His true form will lose her forever.
He develops feelings for her.
One is talking with one of her coworkers.
Who explains he has to grant Lisa s deepest desires.
Meanwhile  his fellow inherit the earth.
Djinn constantly beg him to grant the third wish and let their race.
He ignores them to keep learning  even visiting a Strip Club.
Where he meets Sam.
Steven ends up granting the wishes  and that of the bouncer.
He tries tricking Sam.
Who wished he d put up more after being thrown out.
An angel attempts to kill him and Lisa to prevent the third wish.
However  Steven sends her away and kills the angel.
Steven has tricked Sam into believing Lisa has now fallen in love with Steven.
This forces him to leave.
Steven later arrives with some flowers in an attempt to calm her down from the angel s attack and console her.
He gives her a kiss.
Leads. 
She realizes.
Lisa calms down afterward.
She has missed having sex but does not love Steven.
She loved him.
To leave Steven.
Steven redresses himself and heads upstairs to her bedroom.
Where she has finished putting.
Steven explains.
He gave Lisa what she wanted  but is angerily rebuffed.
The Djinn bretheren make their presence known  forcing Lisa to flee.
Steven voices rage for jeopardizing the wish  telling them he will take care of it.
Using his magic to make the upstairs a looping maze  Steven brings Lisa back and reveals his true form.
To be cast down.
Sam returns and tries to save the day with an angel s sword  but gets stabbed by the Djinn.
But  Sam invites Lisa to push the Djinn.
The Djinn is still making attempts to convince Lisa to take his hand.
Is also.
Lisa does that  and both the Djinn and Sam perish.
Lisa makes it out and tries to continue on with her life.
<EOS>
The audience learns.
The protagonist  Tita  is forbidden to marry.
Therefore   Tita s mother  Mama Elena  refuses.
When the boy she has been flirting  Pedro  and his father come to ask for Tita s hand in marriage.
Mama Elena offers her other daughter  Rosaura.
Pedro accepts.
Order to be closer.
Tita bakes the wedding cake.
Who eat it.
Mama Elena goes to look.
Who is later revealed to be her other daughter Gertrudis s true father  news which kills Mama Elena s husband.
A year passes.
Tita puts her feelings.
Tita s heat and passion transfers upon eating the meal.
She attempts to cool down  but is overcome with lust and runs off naked with revolutionary soldiers.
Rosaura gives birth.
Tita is the one.
Who  is able to nurse the child.
Mama Elena is suspicious  and sends Rosaura and Pedro away.
Tita blames the succeeding death and is then secluded in a dovecote entering a catatonic like state.
Dr John Brown takes Tita away to care in Texas.
He tells her an ancient story.
Says that all humans are born to burn like a candle.
But to set off this fire  every person must find their own trigger.
They must also be careful to not set off all their internal matches  or risk immolation.
Tita eventually enters after recovering  and reluctantly plans to marry him.
Mama Elena is attacked and killed  so Rosaura and Pedro return for the funeral.
Rosaura soon gives birth.
Dr Brown is called away.
Pedro and Tita succumb and sleep together.
Mama Elena returns to haunt Tita  convincing her.
She is pregnant.
That night  Gertrudis returns.
She helps Tita banish Mama Elena and realize.
It was an imaginary pregnancy.
Tita tells him.
She slept.
He reluctantly allows her to break their engagement.
Twenty years pass.
The audience learns.
Rosaura died.
Pedro confesses.
He still loves her  and wants to marry her.
Tita and Pedro then make love  igniting their matches or passions too quickly  killing Pedro.
As he has a sensuous orgasm.
Tita then swallows.
Matches  lighting the entire ranch.
Rosaura s daughter returns and finds only Tita s cookbook.
Contained her recipes and told.
<EOS>
The film takes place just God s Army.
The film follows the journeys of three Mormon filmmakers.
Who are eager to take his place.
However  one does nt really want to see Dutcher found.
<EOS>
Two families embark  but manage to run into a variety of issues with the temperamental automobile.
Each incident requires repeated exits and reboardings.
A brick-throwing argument threatens to escalate into an all-out turf war.
The local parson gets involved.
The families manage to finally get their day underway  only to plunge.
<EOS>
Jared and Sam are two lovers  living a rustic life.
The opportunity to realize his dream arrives.
When Jared loses his job and friend Bryce comes.
Bryce  a lawyer  and his girlfriend of the week Amanda  acquired the use of a luxury vacation house and boat.
Both couples take a boat trip and do some snorkeling.
They come.
They investigate the area.
They decide not to report the crashed plane and its cargo.
They have secured their claim.
Jared and Bryce go.
However  Jared soon finds out.
Bryce   borrowed money from a loan shark.
Bryce and Amanda plan to retrieve some of the cocaine and sell it to local dealer/night club owner  Primo.
Primo turns out to be an associate.
Whom the cocaine belongs.
Reyes threatens Jared  Amanda and Bryce.
Jared is forced to retrieve the cocaine.
The trio breaks the bad news.
He tries to convince her.
It s a one-time thing.
Sam leaves him  saying.
` they  are over.
Jared  Bryce  and Amanda head that night after securing the gear.
They decide to take advantage of the situation to uncover the site of the Zephyr.
Jared is finally able to confirm the ship s identity.
Amanda is attacked.
She dies later.
Hearing  Sam goes to the hospital.
She and Jared are reunited.
The threesome are confronted.
Driving back.
A short  but intense car chase ends up.
He surrenders and tries to get them to back off.
Primo still takes him.
The boat looks deserted  so Primo tells Jared to lie down.
Jared goes to explore.
He finds Primo  Reyes and several others shot dead the bedrooms.
Emerges Bates  a local salvager and former employer of Jared s.
Jared bolts for shore.
Meanwhile  Sam insists.
Bryce drops her off.
He takes off to meet Jared.
Roy comforts Sam and tells her he knows a guy.
Who can help.
Roy betrays Sam and takes her.
Who captures her.
Jared and Bryce meet up.
Jared calls the captive Sam  and gagged.
Who is handcuffed.
Bates answers her cell phone and tells Jared.
He will let her go immediately if Jared discloses the location to him.
Jared refuses and insists.
They meet to settle the situation once and.
Jared is taken and shown the scene.
The Sea Robin heads.
Where Jared directs them.
They see a white substance floating.
They approach the area.
Jared tells Bates.
It s half and that he is about to destroy the rest.
Jared jumps.
Bates and his men change to go after him.
Below the surface   the divers look for Jared.
Who is assumed to be able to breathe to stay alive as there is trapped air.
Bryce has switched places and mount a surprise attack.
An underwater struggle follows  killing all and wounding Bryce.
Sam frees herself.
Brings one down into the engine room.
Where she locks him.
She then goes up.
The man escapes  a chase around the boat ends in a struggle.
They fall.
The man  wounded with a boat hook  is attacked by a tiger shark.
Below  Jared and Bates are the only ones left.
Jared uses an air tank by hammering off the valve.
It misses Bates  but hits the fuel tank  causing the entire plane to explode  killing Bates and destroying the rest of the cocaine.
Sam jumps  fearing for Jared s life.
This segues six weeks later.
Where the trio are shown to have survived and are salvaging the Zephyr.
An attempt to bring a cannon up fails.
It sinks.
It s a blessing.
Sam and Jared are about to call it a night.
Bryce sees something  and dives in on a hunch.
We hear.
The scene pulls back.
Bryce shout that he has found the gold  bestowing untold wealth on the three friends.
<EOS>
Norman Maine is a former matinee idol.
Whose career is.
His studio s publicist attempts to keep him away.
When he arrives intoxicated.
Norman rushes away and bursts onto a stage.
Where an orchestra is performing.
Singer Esther Blodgett takes him and pretends.
He is part  turning an embarrassing and potentially destructive moment into an opportunity for the audience to greet Norman with applause.
Realizing Esther has saved him  Norman thanks her and draws a heart on the wall with her lipstick  then invites her to dinner.
He later watches her perform after-hours and is impressed by her talent.
He urges her to follow her dream  and convinces her to try to break.
She agrees to meet him the following day.
Norman is called away early.
He attempts to get a message but can not remember her address.
She suspects.
When she does nt hear.
He was only flirting.
Having quit her band  she takes jobs to make ends meet.
Time passes.
Norman hears Esther singing.
Recognizing her voice  he tracks her down and convinces her he believes.
Studio head Oliver Niles believes.
The girl is just a passing fancy.
He casts her.
The studio changes her name.
She is cast.
Norman finally gets Oliver Niles to hear her sing.
Is a huge success  making her a star.
Her relationship flourishes.
They wed.
Norman finds himself unemployed.
Vicki s career continues to grow.
He joins her onstage and   gestures wildly and accidentally strikes her.
When she is presented.
Making a drunken speech.
He realizes.
Severe his alcoholism has become and enters a sanitarium where he gradually recovers.
Norman is at the racetrack.
Where he meets studio publicist Matt Libby  who taunts Norman and accuses him.
The resulting fight prompts the actor to go.
Eventually he is arrested.
Vicki bails him out and brings him home.
Where they are joined.
Norman goes but overhears his wife telling the studio head.
She will give up her career to take care.
He also overhears Oliver telling Vicki.
Norman has ruined his own career.
What he has done.
He is going to go  and then walks into the ocean.
Despondent  Vicki becomes a recluse and refuses to see anyone.
Finally  her old friend is wasting the career.
Danny tells her she.
Norman died trying to save.
She agrees to honor a commitment to appear.
She notices the heart.
Norman drew they met and for a moment begins to lose her composure.
The emcee tells her the event and asks her to say a few words.
When Vicki arrives.
Is being broadcast worldwide.
She says  Hello everybody.
This is Mrs Norman Maine.
The crowd erupts.
<EOS>
Paradesi tells the story.
Who moves during the British Raj in search of a job.
Post-partition  he returns and settles down in Malappuram  Kerala.
This man   does nt get his Indian passport and thus an Indian identity.
Who lives.
The police harass him and his neighbours.
The film has Mohanlal playing the character  between the ages of 35 and.
Jagathy Sreekumar and Sidhique play his friends.
Swetha Menon plays his wife and Padmapriya acts.
<EOS>
A newspaper photographer  Jean Janes  travels off the New Hampshire coast with her husband Thomas  an award-winning poet  his brother Rich  and Rich s girlfriend Adaline.
She is researching the murder.
Jean discovers archived papers.
Appear to give an account.
A third woman  a Norwegian immigrant named Maren Hontvedt  survived the attack by Louis Wagner.
The plot unfolds the narrative and Hontvedt s testimony against Wagner.
Jean privately struggles.
She suspects her husband with Adaline.
<EOS>
Johnny is a mnemonic courier with a data storage device implanted in his brain  allowing him to discreetly carry information too sensitive to transfer across the Net  the virtual-reality equivalent of the Internet.
He seeks to have the implant removed to regain these  his handler  Ralfi assigns him one more job.
Would cover the costs  sending Johnny to Beijing.
He finds a group of frantic scientists.
Who have the data he is to carry.
It far exceeds Johnny s storage capacity  even.
Johnny accepts the job anyway  well aware.
He not be able to remove the data.
The group is attacked by Yakuza.
Johnny manages to escape.
Johnny returns to Newark and soon finds.
Two groups are.
One are agents.
Who believes the data to be critical.
The other is the Yakuza guided.
Who wishes to deny this information and claim it for themselves.
Johnny soon learns.
Ralfi is  and ready to kill Johnny to extract the data storage hardware.
Jade  a cybernetically-enhanced bodyguard  helps Johnny to escape.
Aided  they elude their pursuers.
Jade takes Johnny to meet her friend and street doctor Spider.
Who had installed Jade s implants.
Spider reveals he.
His allies were to be the recipients of Johnny s data  supposedly Pharma-Kon s unpublished cure for nerve attenuation syndrome  a plague ravaging mankind due to the over-reliance on technology and causing political strife.
This may cause both the loss  instead  Spider directs Johnny to Jones.
Spider could remove Johnny s implant.
Resides. 
The clinic is soon invaded.
Shinji can.
Johnny and Jade escape.
They find.
Jones is a dolphin  once part.
Jones attempts to discover the remainder to the data.
Heaven is soon attacked.
Johnny  Jade  and the Lo-Teks fight off all three groups and emerge victorious  killing Takahashi  Shinji  the Street Preacher  and their agents.
Takahashi   provides Johnny with a portion of the remaining password to the data.
Johnny is told.
This helps.
He must hack his own brain to find the final portion  unlocking the data so that the Lo-Teks can download it and transmit it.
Johnny and Jones again start the procedure  but find.
Themselves helped from Pharma-Kon s mainframe  providing the last portion of the password.
The data is safely recovered.
Johnny discovers.
He can now recall his memories  including his mother.
He  Jade  and the Lo-Teks observe the Pharma-Kon building.
Johnny recovers.
The cure s transmission was successful.
<EOS>
Set and following World War I  the story opens with Ziegfeld Follies star Fanny Brice awaiting the return of husband Nicky Arnstein from prison  and then moves into an extended flashback focusing on their meeting and marriage.
Fanny is first seen.
Who gets her first job and meets.
They continue to meet occasionally  becoming more romantically involved as Fanny s career flourishes.
She becomes a star.
Arnstein eventually seduces Fanny.
Who decides to abandon the Follies.
Nicky agrees to marry Fanny.
They move and have a daughter.
Fanny eventually returns.
Meanwhile  Nicky s various business ventures fail  forcing them to move.
Refusing financial support  he becomes involved in a bonds scam and is imprisoned for embezzlement for eighteen months.
He and Fanny briefly reunite long enough to agree to separate.
<EOS>
Sky and Linda meet each other and quickly become engaged.
She falls with him and leaves Sky to marry Jeff.
When Linda is introduced.
But they begin planning a divorce.
When Jeff s work puts a strain.
Sky sees a way to get his love back and makes an experimental drug.
Causes memory loss.
The drug works.
They fall all over again.
<EOS>
Eight-year-old Marco Marinelli is a bedwetter  scolded and teased by his classmates.
He finds out.
His father  who is facing economic difficulties  has nt brought him the Lego he was promised.
He runs to his room and puts all his heart into wishing.
He were big and not subject.
He bursts through his clothes in the guise of a forty-year-old man and seeks refuge in the house of his schoolteacher.
Who he s secretly with.
Mentally  he is still eight years old.
It s a puzzle.
What to do  until someone discovers that he has an uncanny rapport with children.
Then he becomes a full-time and highly requested babysitter  but shortly.
He is suspected.
He then runs out  and fakes the kidnapping of himself.
He eventually turns back.
Chased. 
<EOS>
Billy Gambini and Stan Rothenstein accidentally neglect to pay after stopping at a convenience store.
Driving. 
The clerk is shot and killed.
They leave the store.
Billy and Stan   are then pulled over and detained with the murder.
Who match the descriptions given by witnesses.
They have merely been detained.
Stan is charged.
The pair call Billy s mother.
Who tells her son that there is an attorney.
Unfortunately   Vinny is a personal injury lawyer.
He is willing to take the case.
Who worked his way as a mechanic.
His ignorance and abrasive  disrespectful attitude towards the judge gets him into trouble immediately.
Vinny manages to fool the trial judge  Chamberlain Haller.
Much  Vinny does not cross-examine any of the witnesses in the probable cause hearing.
It appears.
Their claims go unquestioned.
The district attorney  Jim Trotter III has an airtight case that will inevitably lead.
Stan decides to fire him and use the public defender  John Gibbons  and nearly convinces Billy to do the same.
Vinny asks more chance to prove himself.
The trial then opens.
Vinny shows.
He can make up.
Vinny quickly and comprehensively discredits the testimony.
The public defender is shown to have a debilitating stammer.
Billy s faith is restored.
Stan develops newfound respect and confidence  firing the public defender.
Vinny s cross-examinations are similarly effective.
Trotter produces a surprise witness  George Wilbur  an FBI analyst.
Who testifies that his chemical analysis shows that they are identical to the tires on Billy s Buick Skylark.
Vinny becomes frustrated and lashes out by taunting her about the usefulness of her wide-angle photographs of the tire tracks.
Only a brief recess to prepare his cross-examination and unable to come up.
She storms out  leaving Vinny alone.
However  he soon realizes  the flat and even tire marks going reveal.
That photo actually holds the key.
Billy s car could not have been used  since Billy s Skylark does not have a suspension system that would do this.
Vinny needs Lisa   to do so.
He can not testify.
Who is also a former mechanic.
Vinny drags Lisa into court.
Lisa comes to the same conclusion regarding the tire marks and testifies accordingly.
Vinny recalls the FBI analyst.
Who is forced.
Next  Vinny calls the local sheriff.
Who has run the records request.
The sheriff testifies  a car very similar.
Two men resembling Billy and Stan were arrested driving a stolen Pontiac Tempest.
Color used to kill the clerk.
Trotter then respectfully moves to dismiss all the charges.
Vinny and Judge Haller play a game of cat-and-mouse over Vinny s qualifications.
Haller first discovers.
There exist no records of anybody named Vincent Gambini trying any case in New York State.
Vinny then claims.
He had his name changed and continued to use the name when he opened a law practice.
Vinny  believing  supplies the name.
He should give the judge the name he claimed to have.
Unfortunately  Lisa later tells Vinny.
Gallo died the previous week.
Vinny claims.
When Haller learns this.
Haller misheard Gallo when Vinny actually said Callo.
Finally  Lisa clears Vinny s standing.
Who responds by claiming that Jerry Callo has a long and impressive trial history.
The film concludes.
Trotter also congratulates Vinny and wishes him well.
Vinny tells Haller.
You re one hell and shakes hands with Trotter.
Vinny and Lisa then drive off together  bickering.
<EOS>
Turn the River stars Famke Janssen  a woman rough around the edges and schooled in hard knocks.
Divorced.
Write letters to each other and meet surreptitiously.
Kailey learns.
Her son Gully  is receiving abuse and is being bullied in school.
She decides.
The best thing would be to leave the country and start a new life in Canada.
She puts a plan to organise fake passports and papers.
Require that she raise a fair amount.
Kailey starts off.
Kailey reveals to her friend Teddy Quinette.
She met her ex-husband David while she was running an illegal card game room.
David left his studies to marry a then pregnant Kailey.
David s mother  staunchly religious and unhappy  reported Kailey s illegal activities and then struck a deal with her to make her life easier in return for Kailey getting a divorce and giving away custody of Gully.
Teddy owns.
Teddy s help Kailey begins to organise high stakes games at the pool bar.
Kailey eventually collects enough money together and prepares to flee.
She drops by David s house to speak to him for the first time in eleven years.
She tells him.
She is leaving and that he will be better off with her.
Kailey then handcuffs David with the aid of a replica handgun.
David s wife returns to find him.
They call the police.
Kailey and Gully have only to catch an early morning bus over the border.
The police manage to track them down.
They can leave.
Kailey is shot.
Who believed her to be reaching.
It is left to decide.
She died or not.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Lumberman Jim Fallon greedily eyes the big trees in the virgin region of northern California.
The land is already settled  among others  a religious group led by Elder Bixby.
Jim becomes infatuated.
That does not change his plan to cheat the homesteaders.
He changes sides and leads the locals.
When Jim s right-hand man  Yukon Burns finds out.
Elder Bixby is killed.
When a big sequoia tree is chopped down and accidentally falls on his cabin.
Jim s desperate attempt to rescue Alicia s father saves him.
Meanwhile  timber rival Cleve Gregg appears  making it a three-way fight.
Gregg and his partner Frenchy LeCroix try to assassinate Jim  but end up killing Yukon instead.
Jim has a dramatic change and leads the settlers in defeating Gregg and Frenchy.
Afterwards  Jim marries Alicia and settles down.
<EOS>
American Job is a narrative film.
The film follows Randy.
It highlights the sheer boredom and is a slightly comical and occasionally depressing look at.
What life is.
<EOS>
The Hammer follows Matt Hamill  and wins the first.
Who was born deaf.
<EOS>
Johnnie Bradfield is a world champion boxer falsely accused.
He disappeared and is presumed dead.
The only witnesses exonerated.
Who could have.
Him were his manager and girlfriend  both of whom have died.
Detective Monty Phalen believes.
Johnnie is still alive and has nt given up the search.
Johnnie  meanwhile  is hiding out.
It is there.
Johnnie meets up.
B.
And Milty  who are.
Johnnie  using the fake name takes Tommy under his wing and encourages him to go in business for himself by buying a gas pump for the farm.
He helps the kids raise money.
Johnnie sees Phalen arriving and decides to hide.
Who he really is.
However his determination to help the kids overcomes him.
He reveals.
Who he really is  although he is defeated.
He surrenders.
The detective allows him to remain instead of returning to New York.
<EOS>
Zammo returns to his house to find his rabbit.
Who gets put back  before Zammo walks inside.
The Pink Panther then walks off  only to be turned from behind his back.
<EOS>
A group of British soldiers serving on the Western Front stage a comic performance of the play East Lynne to entertain their comrades.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who comes to become a star  only to fail and be dehumanized.
He is identified.
Which he dies and goes.
<EOS>
The film follows Arjun  a Hindu man played  and Khusboo  a Muslim woman played by Basu.
Their fathers become good friends.
Arjun comes across Khusboo and falls in love with her.
However  he decides to hide his feelings in religion.
Arjun s father has a sudden kidney failure and is admitted.
When Arjun is about to confess his love.
Khusboo s parents arrange a marriage.
She  unaware  obeys.
This finally prods a desperate Arjun to admit his love.
The second time he musters the courage to express his feelings  Khusboo s father has a fake heart attack.
She is supposed  her father fakes a heart attack.
Order to free her.
They all rush.
Khushboo s father and Arjuns father approve of their kids undeniable love for each other.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
Who comes down.
S.
To take admission.
She becomes a matter.
Whom Dev defeats and wins over Rimi.
Rimi s father  no less than a Senator.
S lands up and takes her back to the U.
S.
He separates the couple.
They vow to get back.
Dev s visa is rejected.
He organizes a public rally and pleads his love.
He returns and takes Rimi away.
Later Rimi goes back.
The deadline ends though they could have escaped as Dev wanted to prove a point.
Dev goes back.
Rimi joins him later.
<EOS>
Uttar Dakshin is a 1987 Bollywood film.
It borrows heavily.
Jackie Shroff  Rajnikanth and Kulbhushan Kharbanda play the respective roles in Trishul.
Subhash Ghai has assisted.
Raja comes to know.
His father is still alive and living a wealthy life.
Raja now befriends Shankran  his.
<EOS>
Pakal Nakshatrangal tells the story  narrated by Siddharthan s son Adi to his wife as the content of his new book.
Siddharthan is a brilliant film maker but leads a Casanova lifestyle entwined.
His house ` Daffodils  is his salvation and the epicentre.
One day Siddarthan is found dead.
His untimely death is considered suspicious but eludes the police due.
Adi decides to dig and solve the mystery surrounding his death.
Adi converse  read his diary and articles  and get help from a psychic Dr Vaidyanathan.
The story evolves around.
What Adi finds out and whether and how he finds out the truth about the mysterious death.
<EOS>
Karen White is a Los Angeles television news anchor.
Who is being stalked.
She takes part in a scheme to capture Eddie by agreeing to meet him in a sleazy porno theater.
Eddie forces Karen to watch a video.
She screams.
When Karen turns around to see Eddie.
The police enter and shoot Eddie.
She suffers amnesia.
Karen is safe.
Her therapist  Dr George Waggner  decides to send her and her husband  Bill Neill.
Where he sends patients.
The colony is filled.
One  a sultry nymphomaniac named Marsha Quist  tries to seduce Bill.
He is attacked and bitten.
When he resists her less-than-subtle sexual overtures.
He later returns to find Marsha waiting.
The two have sex.
Their bodies have undergone a frightening transformation.
They both shapeshift.
Karen summons her friend Terri Fisher to the Colony.
Terri connects the resort through a sketch.
He left behind.
Karen also begins to suspect.
Bill is hiding a secret far more threatening.
Terri is attacked.
Investigating. 
She escapes.
She runs and places a phone call to her boyfriend  Chris Halloran.
Who has been alerted.
Terri is attacked and killed.
Chris hears this and sets off.
Karen is confronted once again.
Eddie transforms himself.
She escapes.
Eddie is later shot with a silver bullet.
However   everyone is a werewolf.
It turns out.
These werewolves can shapeshift  they do not require a full moon.
Karen and Chris survive their attacks and burn the Colony.
Karen resolves to warn the world  and surprises her employers by launching into her warnings while on television.
Then  to prove her story  she herself shapeshifts  having become one after being attacked at the Colony by her husband Bill.
She is shot on live television.
The world is left to wonder.
Whether the transformation and shooting really happened or if it was the work.
It is also revealed.
Marsha Quist escaped the colony alive and well.
<EOS>
The puppets along with the formula are now in the ownership of Andre Toulon s great-grandnephew Robert Toulon and his daughter Alexandra.
Robert and his daughter are both very brainy and very childlike and collect  fix and build dolls and puppets.
He has been trying to create his own life force potion.
Since Robert inherited his great-grandfather s puppets.
One Christmas Eve Alex and Robert finally figure out.
To make the potion and bring the puppets.
Toulon explains.
Who he is.
They are quick to accept their new master.
Meanwhile an evil toy manufacturer Erica Sharpe was apparently a spoiled child.
Who owned a toy factory and would do anything.
He tried to live up and went to the length of getting in contact with Bael.
When she begged her father to get her toys that live  when he could nt get them.
Which he made a deal to have toys that live.
The toys were found and had previously raised a lot of havoc elsewhere.
He was given.
The toy company is handed down.
Erica s father dies.
Who fail to behave or follow any.
Who are now that she fired Robert Toulon.
Robert fixes up the puppets.
Will come very much.
Meanwhile  Erica leads a girl  by convincing her to open a Jack in the box  only to find out it is Jack Attack.
The girl is then tortured  making Oopsie Daisy rip open her shirt and bite at her breasts.
She is then lead  and forced in there.
Ericas servants activate the trap.
The spikes move forward and kill her.
Her blood goes.
Triggers a demon.
Erica becomes bored and has another evil plan up her sleeve  using the help of a certain demon.
She mass-markets demonic toys which appear harmless.
All the toys will awaken and kill.
That very tree was the one Andre Toulon used to carve his first retro puppets.
Still being a selfish unforgivable demon  Sean Paul Toulon s debt still needs to be paid off.
He makes a deal that in exchange of Alex Toulon s life he will let her keep the Toulon puppets and bring all the evil toys to life.
Robert Toulon discovers the spy camera and has the idea  he goes over.
The thieves who broke are connected with Sharpe toys.
What is going on.
He discovers.
His daughter has been kidnapped.
Robert assist the help and have a final fight with Erica Sharpe and her demonic minions and Toulon and his loyal puppets.
Who break into Sharpe toys.
The demonic toys are no match and quickly dispatched.
Robert frees his daughter.
Erica fails to live up to her deal to bring Alex Toulon to Bael so instead of bringing the toys to life he takes Erica back to his kingdom in hell  after that  Pinhead was wounded.
Where she will become his loyal slave.
Saving the day and perhaps the world  the Toulons  their puppets and Jessica head off.
Going out.
Baby Oopsy Daisy somehow survived in the well and says Merry Christmas my ass  and a crappy New Year.
<EOS>
Two affairs  a generation apart.
Nick  a professor  comes to an Illinois town to be with his birth mother in the final days of her illness  he was adopted and has never known her.
He runs into Paul  a college friend.
Whose construction company is demolishing an old  downtown department store where a murder-suicide happened 30 years before.
The building is  so Nick wants to study it before the demolition.
Paul introduces Nick.
Their attraction grows.
Nick explores the old building  attends his mother s bedside  and unravels the past.
<EOS>
Vijay comes.
He is totally mad.
He lives.
He tries acting out film scenes and speaking film dialogues.
So both get off on the wrong foot.
But finally they fall with each other.
Mansur Ali Khan is her maternal uncle.
Who also wants to marry Swathi.
So the villain starts disturb the lovers.
But the hero fight and finally wins his lady love s hand.
<EOS>
Los Diaz de Doris is the fictional story.
Who is an executive.
Doris is a middle aged woman  Her son dangles.
Whose kids lead a secret life away.
Her daughter lies about going to school  when in reality  she cuts class to meet with her boyfriend.
Doris meets a young company executive with.
Whom she had had minimal contact before.
They decide to see each other again.
Then  they begin dating.
Soon  Doris begins to be harassed.
She discovers.
Her boyfriend is actually a married man.
The young wife turns out to be a psychotic person.
Who is bilingual  an arts saleswoman  and only interested.
Doris  daughter stops at a supermarket to buy some snacks and gets involved in the middle of a robbery.
She is taken hostage by the kidnappers  and held for ransom.
The new man in Doris  life helps gather the help of Doris  ex husband.
To keep the family united.
Doris  son is ordered to conduct a murder.
The proposed victims turn out to be his sister s kidnappers.
He rescues his sister.
She informs him she had been harmed  to find out.
She had been raped.
Meanwhile  Doris  boyfriend s wife had lied  telling him.
He was sterile.
He could not have any children  this.
Doris had become impregnated.
It was actually she and not her husband.
Who had been diagnosed as sterile.
She lied to keep Doris and her husband apart.
Doris tells her boyfriend  he thinks.
She is pregnant.
She was seeing another man because he was told he was sterile.
He does not accept responsibility.
But   he runs into his family doctor.
Who told him that he was not the one.
He realizes.
His wife s lies uncovered.
The baby Doris is carrying is his.
The movie ends.
Where he runs down an avenue to follow a public bus where Doris is riding.
He finally reaches the bus.
He explains everything  and asks Doris to forgive him.
She does.
The passengers applaud them.
They kiss.
<EOS>
The filmmaker s parents were both born deaf.
The couple raised children.
Who were not deaf.
Paul Taylor and his wife Sally Taylor were.
When they both decided to have cochlear implant surgery  which could permit them to hear.
The documentary introduces the couple s personal histories - childhood years learning to communicate  experiencing the stigma surrounding deafness in mainstream high schools  and having meaningful careers in the Deaf community at the National Technical Institute for the Deaf.
Paul was a pioneer.
Is also known.
The effects are not entirely positive.
<EOS>
Matyas Schneider is a transportation entrepreneur.
Who has become rich quickly.
His wife strives to live a sophisticated and aristocratic lifestyle.
The Schneiders  spirited daughter  Terka  falls for their good-looking manager  the former driver Istvan Benedek.
Who keeps secret that he is an engineer with a college diploma.
Her mother  however  would prefer the good-natured  but quite stupid Makats.
Makats s uncle  a city councillor  may help them to get a lucrative contract.
Things begin to turn upside down.
When Schneider follows Hyppolit s suggestions to start dating Mimi  a singer and dancer.
The girl enters the Schneiders  villa   and causes a scandal.
When he fails to show up.
Where a dinner party - including Makats s uncle - is taking place.
Meanwhile  Terka follows her own plans to get the man.
She wants.
<EOS>
Traveling salesman Tom Phillips is driving home for Christmas.
When he encounters a drunken driver.
He can not avoid a collision  and is hospitalized.
His brother arranges to buy a remote motel in the desert town of Mayville  California.
He can not be a traveling salesman anymore.
Tom is reluctant .
He has never been an innkeeper before.
He decides.
He must travel in order to get as far away.
So Tom sets out with his wife  teen-aged daughter  and son.
But they are accosted in a modified  high-performance 1958 Chevrolet Corvette.
When they reach the desert.
Who jokingly force them to swerve and avoid a collision.
This is only the first.
Teenaged children  they are apparently given everything.
They want but are still bored and are locked.
Which they will never be satisfied.
The adults   are fed-up with them.
One  however  turns out to own the very motel.
He is selling out.
One  named Ernie  overhears.
When Tom tells the filling-station owner that he has just bought himself a motel.
He tells his friend Duke.
Who is the driver.
Duke organizes a campaign against Tom and chases the hapless family all the way to the motel.
Matters come.
When Tom s daughter  fascinated  goes to see him in the motel bar and grill  called the Arena.
Duke s current girlfriend Gloria   informs Tom  -- but his back goes out.
Who tries to strangle Duke.
He must desist.
He then informs the former motel owner.
He will not go through.
This causes a confrontation.
Ends when the owner tells Duke and Ernie that Tom is going to bring the police down on this place.
Duke and Ernie resolve never to let Tom Phillips reach that town.
So   they engage them.
The family tries to escape.
This game ends only.
When Tom outwits the teenagers.
Faced  Duke turns chicken.
Himself  running his car  swear that they will never give Tom any trouble.
Tom agrees not to turn them -- but tells them.
He will go back and run it properly from now on.
<EOS>
The film begins.
He knows they have been playing with a young boy sitting on a railway bridge wall.
He considers the idea.
He ponders.
The rest shows his imagined idea of  with children being split into four competitive teams to take part in different activities often carried out by young people trespassing on the railway.
What would happen.
Three games are held.
The children are challenged to break  play chicken with the trains and throw things at passing trains.
Each time we see the tragic consequences  such as one scene.
Where a driver s face is shredded after a child throws a brick through the train window.
The final task is to run through a tunnel.
We see a train approaching.
They enter.
Only four children cross the end  each of them injured terribly.
One boy collapses.
Who crosses the finish line.
The overhead speaker announces the final results.
The film finishes.
A group appear and go into the tunnel to carry out the bodies of the dead and injured children  which are then laid out in a long line along the railway track.
The camera pans out to show all the dead and bloodied children before returning to the boy sitting on the railway bridge wall.
Who seems to be reconsidering the idea.
J.
<EOS>
The only love is the love.
Lasts. 
Has accepted everything  every disappointment  every failure and every betrayal.
Has accepted even the sad fact that there is no desire as deep as the simple desire for companionship.
Inspired  Podokkhep is the story of an unusual bond between a retired man and a 5 year old girl.
Where he rediscovers life through this friendship.
<EOS>
Andre Laurence takes a trip.
He assumes the native life and marries his friend s sister  Kalua.
An eruption  the island s shaman  decides.
The volcano can be appeased.
<EOS>
Betty Boop is incensed to his animals.
But the inventive Grampy knows.
To teach him a lesson.
The abusive farmer has been.
Who abused numerous cows and calves in Ohio.
Be Human has been criticized.
<EOS>
Three trustees have died during the last months  their deaths resembling suicides.
But  police colonel Bingham starts investigating and notices discrepancies.
Make him question whether it was an accident.
One is treated by a psychiatrist.
It becomes obvious.
When that doctor ends up murdered.
Something sinister is going  and not just coincidental deaths.
The dead psychiatrist s supervisor  Sir Ashley  agrees to help the police.
<EOS>
Winnie-the-Pooh is.
He bends over too far to cause the stitching in his bottom to accidentally rip.
He feels a rumbly in his tumbly   but only to find.
Visits his pantry.
His jar is empty.
He hears a bee fly and decides to try to get honey from the beehive in a hollow of a nearby honey tree.
He starts wondering where he can get more honey.
He climbs the tree and reaches as high  but the branch he is standing.
He can.
He falls.
Not wanting to give up  Pooh decides to go.
Where he greets Christopher Robin  Eeyore  Owl  Kanga and Roo.
Pooh borrows a blue balloon to try to get the honey from the honey tree.
He rolls himself to disguise himself as a little black rain cloud.
Then uses the balloon to float up next.
Houses the beehive.
He tucks his hand.
Pooh concludes.
The bees laugh.
He is dealing as the tree begins to shake violently.
The bees then eject him like a cork out of a bottle  causing the balloon to break from its string.
Pooh holds.
The air is running out.
He flies  chasing the bees in the process.
Pooh falls and is caught.
When the balloon runs out.
The chase is now reversed  the angry bees go.
They manage to hide in the mud puddle.
Pooh Bear goes to Rabbit s house  hoping to find some honey there.
Rabbit politely invites Pooh  despite being aware of Pooh s vast appetite.
Pooh then proceeds to eat every last bit available in Rabbit s house  thanks Rabbit and waddles off to leave.
He climbs.
Is a hole.
He gets stuck and unable to make it through.
He has become so fat and full.
Rabbit tells Pooh.
It all comes.
Pooh   tells Rabbit.
It all comes.
Rabbit tries to free Pooh.
The bear wo nt budge.
Rabbit runs off to fetch Christopher Robin for help.
He is visited.
Pooh waits.
Owl tries to cheer Pooh up  but ends up making Pooh feel embarrassed.
Gopher offers to free Pooh using dynamite.
Pooh rejects the offer.
Rabbit then comes back.
The two try to pull Pooh Bear out.
He wo nt budge an inch.
Christopher Robin then suggests pushing him back.
Rabbit protests  shoving a chair up.
Eventually  Christopher Robin decides.
Pooh will just have to wait to get thin again.
Rabbit is forced to make the best and tries various methods of disguising the bear s bottom  including painting a moose face on it and using his legs to hold up a shelf.
Kanga and Roo stop and give him a bouquet of honeysuckle flowers.
Causes him to sneeze  thus sending the shelf flying.
Rabbit then reduces.
One night  Gopher returns to see Pooh  carrying his lunchbox.
Pooh wonders.
What s.
Pooh asks him.
When he learns that Gopher has a pot.
Rabbit   runs out  and reminds Pooh.
Who has overheard their conversation.
He ca nt eat anything until he is thin again as he confiscates the honey pot.
Rabbit runs back out.
Gopher accuses Rabbit.
A sign reading Do nt Feed The Bear  which he hammers.
Many days later  Rabbit leans and discovers.
Pooh has budged ever so slightly  sending him dashing off to find Christopher Robin.
Christopher Robin  Kanga  Eeyore  Owl  Roo and Gopher start pulling from outside the house.
Rabbit frantically pushes Pooh.
The bear still wo nt move.
Fed up takes several steps backwards and charges into Pooh.
.
He crashes headfirst  getting himself stuck again and frightening the bees away.
The gang runs.
Christopher Robin tells Pooh  but Pooh tells them to take their time  he is quite content to remain stuck.
They will help him get out again.
He is  happily eating the honey.
<EOS>
The movie is.
Who falls with Rahul  an expatriate photo-journalist working for glossy magazines who photographs her making her look glamorous.
Their affair  and the invasion  becomes a problem.
When some  earlier admired by the family  are published in a journal.
Paroma is rejected and has a mental breakdown.
A doctor suggests prescribing psychiatric treatment.
Her young daughter comes and gives her mother moral support.
When Paroma adamantly refuses any sense.
<EOS>
Mario is a retired English teacher.
Leaving his career  his home  his town and his past  he sets out to follow his dream.
Mario hopes to become a part  America to him is opportunity  and stability  a place to escape from his old life and reunite with his now adult son.
Mario arrives.
Order to secure a travel visa.
Once there  he meets and befriends Blanca  an exotic dancer.
The two share an immediate attraction.
They quickly fall.
But Mario is a diligent man.
He is willing to revert.
He wants most  a life.
<EOS>
The movie is set.
Mrs Santa Claus is trying to convince her husband  Santa Claus  to take a new route.
He is preoccupied and wo nt listen.
Disgruntled  she takes the sleigh  but is forced to land in New York City.
Where she is stranded when one becomes injured.
She takes up board with a family of Jewish immigrants.
Who do nt celebrate Christmas.
She befriends many  and becomes involved with political issues of the period such as child labor and women s suffrage.
<EOS>
Mary Hagen is believed to be the illegitimate daughter of Tom Bates  a former resident and lawyer.
She is often treated badly.
Bates moves back and begins a friendship with Hagen s favorite teacher Julia Kane.
There are hints.
Bates is the real father  though it is later revealed that she is an orphan adopted by the Hagens.
She suggests.
When the teacher leaves town.
He stop playing Hagan s father.
It has become clear that he is.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
This film begins  ending with Rebels quarterback Joe Kingman scoring a touchdown after ignoring an open wide receiver  Sanders.
The next morning  an 8-year-old girl named.
Peyton Kelly arrives.
Kingman s agent  Stella Peck  thinks and distracts him.
This will be bad.
He leaves without Peyton  and is on cover of a tabloid in a magazine article.
Peck decides.
Kingman needs a new fatherly image.
The reporters make Kingman miserable   saying and trying the best.
Peyton comes.
He is new.
He can  and that she thinks he is the best father.
Peyton then says  so she has him take her.
Kingman has to repay her.
Vasquez has Kingman join their ballet performance to show him.
Ballet takes just.
Kingman and Peyton begin their relationship.
Peyton calls his arrogant and selfish behavior.
Kingman takes Peyton and her friends.
Where he begins to get along.
The Rebels march.
They eventually make it.
Peck offers Kingman a $ 25 million endorsement deal  a successful fast food restaurant run by Samuel Blake Jr.
He wins the game.
Apparently Peyton was supposed to go.
Peyton accidentally tells Kingman that her mother does not know that she is with him.
Instead she ran away to be.
Peyton has an allergic reaction.
Kingman rushes her.
Where the doctors tell him that his daughter is going to be fine.
Kingman s former sister-in-law and Peyton s legal guardian  Karen Kelly  arrives.
Kingman realizes.
Sara  Kingman s ex-wife and Peyton s mother  died six months previously.
Peyton would be a distraction.
Later   Kingman finds some photos and a letter  saying.
Going under her bed.
She hid Peyton away  not wanting Peyton to be a distraction to him.
Kingman s mind is not fully set.
The championship game begins.
He is soon injured.
Kingman is surprised to discover.
Peyton has arrived.
Peyton tells him to never give up.
Kingman passes the ball to the running back  Webber.
Who gains positive yardage but fails to get out.
Kingman rushes to call a final play and successfully does so.
Kingman is hit and throws a lob pass.
Who catches the pass  allowing the Rebels to win their first championship.
Kingman declines the Fanny s Burgers offer  insisting.
He will be.
The film ends dancing together in Kingman s apartment to the song Burning Love.
<EOS>
The opening frame depicts the exterior  inside.
He is talking about his great film career  albeit rather modestly.
Lowly Warners studio janitor Daffy eavesdrops on Bugs  conversation and is disgusted.
Listen putting it on  he snarls.
So can a duck.
A long eared rabbit can be a star.
Hang up  Daffy triumphantly tells the boss   I think.
Who tells his colleague on the phone.
I ve found a pigeon.
Daffy hears that comment and tells the boss.
I m a duck.
D-U-K  duck.
Loaded.
The boss grants Daffy the role.
Daffy gets.
His first taste shortly thereafter Bugs walks onto the set when the director says Rrrroll em in a German accent.
Customary carrot says his catch phrase  Eh   Doc.
What s up.
He takes Bugs  place and holding a carrot  and stands next to Sam  whereupon they repeat the.
What s.
Instead  he lets Daffy continue the picture  he forgets his next line and has to look back.
It s I dare you.
Daffy quickly hollers.
Bugs is high.
Elmer is supposed to climb it to saw.
The branch Bugs is sitting  off.
However  Daffy has other ideas.
He tells Elmer to come closer.
He has something to tell him.
Lacking a clue  Elmer shuffles closer to Daffy.
Who whacks him.
Daffy dresses up and grabs his saw.
Camera  ACTION.
When the director says.
However    You re gon na be a FALLING star  and saws right through the limb.
Elmer but Daffy climbs the tree and jeers.
However  unbeknownst  Bugs was safe all along  his limb was attached to a telephone pole  so the rest of the tree comes crashing down.
The director says Ok  Print it.
Bugs is fishing off a pier.
Daffy shows up and snaps AHA.
Bugs protests.
Daffy takes no notice.
He also takes Bugs  place.
Yet he is not safe even now.
A giant bluefin tuna swallows him whole.
Daffy frees himself and shouts MAKE-UP.
Another scene follows this one  culminating.
Wherein Bugs is chased.
When Bugs dives.
Elmer aims his gun into the tree but gets poked in the rear by the gun s barrel.
The other one makes the same movements.
When Elmer pulls his gun back.
Wondering just  Daffy furiously marches and shoves him off.
Stupid Elmer is.
Daffy sticks the gun.
Which Bugs is hiding.
What he believes to be another gun.
Daffy does this two or three more times.
He decides to try a small experiment.
He ties a red ribbon  then sticks it into the tree  and looks behind him.
The ribbon is white with red polka dots  leading Daffy to believe it to be a fake.
He shoots  intending to mark Bugs  but the bent-around gun plan is revealed.
He pulls the gun.
The ribbon is white.
Daffy yells MAKE-UP.
The director screams CUT.
As Daffy  dressed  jokes about not looking at Bugs  demise.
The director calls.
Daffy is helicoptered.
Where he and Bugs switch places.
The plane resumes its super-high-speed course.
The director yells Rrrroll em.
Predictably  it s wrecked.
Daffy again yells MAKE-UP.
Having finally had more  Daffy announces.
I m to a rabbit.
I wanted to star.
The final scene shows the filming  with Daffy starring as a typical duck in a peaceful pond and directed by the same man.
Who helmed the earlier movie wherein Daffy subbed.
Daffy digs out his script to rehearse his line.
Daffy says  I wonder.
When the director announces Rrrroll em.
Where all the hunters are today.
Again infuriated  Daffy shrieks  I DEMAND TO KNOW.
WHO WROTE THIS SCRIPT.
Iris out.
<EOS>
Russel Stevens Jr.
Is the son.
His father tells his son never to be.
Stevens then witnesses his father getting killed.
He swears.
He will never end up the way he has.
20 years later  Stevens is now a police officer.
Officer Stevens is recruited to go undercover on a major sting operation in Los Angeles.
Stevens poses.
Order to infiltrate and work his way.
Stevens relocates and begins dealing cocaine.
His room is.
Who tries to sell her son James for money to buy drugs.
Stevens is arrested.
A.
P.
D.
Narcotics Detective Taft and his corrupt partner Hernandez.
When he buys a kilogram up by Gallegos  low-level street supplier Eddie Dudley.
Stevens discovers.
He was sold baby laxative.
His case is dismissed.
Stevens  self-appointed attorney David Jason   rewards Stevens.
Who is also a drug trafficker.
He purchased.
Jason then introduces Stevens.
Felix realized.
Eddie was working.
Stevens develops a romance.
Serves. 
Stevens kills him and is awarded a partnership.
When one is murdered by a rival dealer named Ivy.
Detective Hernandez pressures Felix.
Felix immediately gives.
He views them as expendable.
Carver knows  but refuses to interfere.
When Stevens requests  forcing Stevens to violate orders and stop it himself.
Stevens exposes Felix as a police informant.
Results. 
Gallegos comes to personally meet with Jason and Stevens and informs them they have inherited Felix s $.
8 million debt.
Later that same day  Stevens meets to tell him about his meeting with Gallegos.
Carver tells him.
The DEA pulled the plug.
Carver pulls a gun on Stevens and orders.
Him to surrender his weapon.
Stevens disarms Carver and forces him to reveal.
The DEA s war is a farce  and that Hector Guzman may someday be useful as a political asset to the State Department.
Stevens becomes disillusioned and abandons his undercover status.
Stevens collects the money and goes to meet.
Stevens and Jason learn.
Felix was going to kill them regardless.
Jason and Stevens kill him and steal a van storing over a $ 100 million of Gallegos  cash.
Jason and Stevens invite Guzman and offer to return 80 % of Gallegos  money.
He agrees to invest the remaining 20.
Detective Taft   interrupts the deal but is unable to arrest Guzman.
Who has been tailing Stevens.
Guzman flees the scene  Taft orders Stevens to surrender.
Taft s backup arrive.
Stevens refuses.
Taft reaches to shoot Stevens and is shot and wounded by Jason.
Stevens reveals.
He is an police officer.
Jason ignores it and orders him to leave.
Stevens refuses and Jason kills Taft.
Stevens then reaffirms himself to arrest Jason  but is forced to kill him.
When Jason draws his gun.
Afterwards  Carver leverages Stevens.
Stevens can prevent Betty s prosecution.
Stevens agrees.
He produces a video tape of the incriminating conversation with Guzman at the shipyard  thus potentially ruining Guzman.
Later  Stevens accompanies James.
Where he contemplates what to do that he secretly kept.
<EOS>
Tom s feline friends to distinguish  Butch is black.
Meathead is brown.
Lightning is orange.
Peek. 
Tom shows them a sign.
The felines run  sneaking.
Passing a sleeping Spike.
Tom lets them.
Butch says.
Wait ll you see.
What happened.
Boy will you make a monkey.
They do nt know.
Where they are coming or going.
Okay  douse the lights.
Hold it.
Tom kicks Jerry.
He lands.
Jerry then pops out  looking angry.
Back  Butch says  OK boys  here we go.
The movie s title is  Tom the Terrific Cat Starring Tom.
Then first part starts and its title is Lover Boy.
This part starts.
Butch laughs and says  Lover boy while mimicking Tom  but then sees Jerry again.
Tom kicks Jerry again.
Jerry lands again.
Jerry opens Spike s eyelid and frowns.
Butch says  Part two coming up.
This is the time.
You went fishing  Tom.
Part two is named The Dumb Dog.
Butch says  Now there is a dumb dog.
The cats frown  Excuuuuuse me.
Butch yells.
But Jerry crawls out and runs.
Before Butch can kick him  causing Butch slip and fall down.
Jerry runs next and sees the door being slammed.
He gets annoyed  then he pulls Spike and lifts Spike s head over the windowsill  allowing the dog to see the movie.
The movie s third part had just started.
It is named New leash.
The cats laugh manically.
Butch says.
Screwball then continues laughing.
An angry Spike then appears.
Who then imitates Spike barking  but.
His voice turns.
The door outdoors is shown.
Butch s bow-wow voice becomes weaker and weaker.
The door then bursts open.
Tom runs out.
A lamp  chair  book  bookshelf and a table are then shown being thrown out.
Afterwards  Topsy  Lightning and Butch run out  with Spike on their trail.
Jerry is then seen holding a movie camera.
He films the four cats being chased.
<EOS>
Tonie Carter is a well-known aviatrix.
Who is fighting the entrenched aviation establishment which has a built-in prejudice against women pilots.
She embarks on a top-secret mission.
He does not approve  nor does her flight instructor  Paul Turner.
She is.
It involves flying over Japanese held territory.
Carter vanishes  triggering a massive search.
Proves fruitless.
<EOS>
Matty and Michael are two best friends and virgins.
Who vow.
However  Matty tells Michael  changing their quest.
He is gay.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Chandrappan is the head.
He has an eye.
A dispute results in a bloody fight.
Chandrappan kills the husband and all nine children.
Kunki Amma is rescued.
Where she was taken to be killed.
She gives birth and takes an oath to destroy the entire Thonnooram Veedu.
She reaches the Paalaattu.
Kunki succeeds in escaping from there with the treasure.
Kunki s son Koman becomes a master.
Who undergoes training.
He starts off  to eradicate the Thonnooram Veedu clan and thereby to fulfil the desire of his mother.
Koman falls without knowing.
She is the sister.
Chandrappan and his group take Kunki Amma and torture her.
Koman defeats Chandrappan and frees Kunki Amma.
All the members  except Unniyamma  are killed.
Koman marries Unniyamma bringing the film.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
Nia quits her job.
When Nia and her co-worker are put in charge of marketing a malt-liquor beverage to African-American teens.
She decides to presue her dream.
She hopes to write meeting and living in Greenwich Village in the.
Nia goes on an unexpected journey into her personal identity.
She has spent most  and is a self-proclaimed yuppie.
Her circle is of all races.
She hopes to identify more  and find an authentic black experience.
Her first attempt is in enrolling in an African-American writing workshop.
She meets and falls for the instructor  Lewis.
She goes out with her former co-Worker Matt for drinks  and finds.
He has had a long time attraction as well.
Nia pursues both  with each man exploring a different side of her identity.
She begins to learn.
The two sides clash  and that she ca nt even be too much of either race.
She is.
Who comments that maybe he should find a real black woman  and leave Nia.
She also feels out of place with Matt  feeling.
She does not fit in  and in some instances even feels isolated by their opinions and racial remarks.
Everything comes.
When Nia invites both men.
She is forced to make a decision  but ultimately decides on being alone.
She returns home  hoping to speak Joe  a musician.
She has had a fleeting flirty relationship with him  free of discussion of her race  and more about finding.
Who she is.
She looks as her last person to turn to  but finds  and has subleased his apartment for 6 months.
He is gone.
Joe left a gift.
Inspires her to continue her novel  which she had given up.
The movie ends  now reading a poem to the same audience.
She had been too white for.
Joe clapping in the audience.
<EOS>
Criminal mastermind Rocca  demolitions expert and Irish Republican Army member Scanlon  forger Fell  cold-blooded murderer Durrell  and thief and impersonator Saval are offered pardons for attempting to rescue an Italian general sympathetic to the Allies from captivity in German-occupied Yugoslavia.
They are led.
The fishing boat transporting Mace s team is stopped.
They dispose.
They split up and enter Dubrovnik.
Durrell is partnered.
They are attracted.
Durrell accidentally smothers her crying child to avoid detection.
The team is captured and taken.
Where the Italian general is being kept.
They are tortured  but manage to escape and fulfill their mission.
Mace  Fell  Scanlon and Saval are killed.
Rocca and Durrell  the only two survivors  discover.
The man they have freed is an impostor and that he is about to exhort his troops to stay loyal.
Durrell shoots the fake general while pretending to be a Nazi fanatic and is killed.
Rocca directs the Italians  anger.
<EOS>
Artyom Kolchin  the story s protagonist  is a boxer.
Who has become a contender.
The whole country knows him and wants him to win.
Sasha Belov asks for his autograph for his son Ivan  and is learning boxing.
They are both waiting to change.
Who is.
Artyom likes his car.
Sasha says.
He will give it if he wins the fight.
However  Artyom can not fight.
He has eye problems.
The doctor does not want to grant him permission to fight.
He asks her very pitifully  and  unable to endure the begging  she gives him the permit.
Aryom receives.
A severe blow and his vision becomes worse and worse.
Soon  he can only guess.
Where his opponent is.
He loses consciousness.
Artem ends up  the doctor   visits him and tells him the diagnosis  Retinal detachment.
Who has fallen with him.
It is possible to save his sight  she says.
The blindness is going to progress.
It will never be curable.
It is not cured.
The operation costs $.
Artyom does not have this much money.
Neither does the doctor.
Artyom had been to his benefactor  Valiyev.
Who has several millions dollars.
Artyom has disappointed him  so he refuses to pay.
The only thing is to violate the law to save his own sight and his new love  the doctor Victoria.
Artyom can do.
She becomes a witness.
Who was a drug dealer.
Whom she came to borrow money.
Order to arrest her  kill her  and register her death.
A hired killer is also hunting her.
She  her teenage communist brother Konstantin  and Artyom hide.
The police are told but they are given no instructions.
The policemen do not know.
They must watch him.
Artyom   prepares to rob a bank belonging to Valiyev.
They buy a powerful fire cracker and put it.
Kostya passes the guard  holding the can and gets stopped.
He is told.
He may not bring beer.
Konstantin agrees  throws the can and walks away to hide at a corner.
Artyom goes  pulls a debit card from his pocket and feigns trying to get cash from the ATM.
A guard helps him.
Cash messengers arrive.
Kostya detonates the firecracker.
Artyom attacks the guards and the cashiers.
One cashier pulls out his gun.
When nearly everyone is knocked down.
Artyom hears the trigger click and knocks down this cashier too.
One arranges for Artyom to have an illegal operation.
Artyom s eyes are bandaged.
Valiyev s people get him.
Artyom does not know it.
They bring him and discover his eyes.
Artyom pretends.
He still can not see.
Valiyev says  You re not.
They are going to torture Artyom to learn.
Where the money is  and then continue to torture him until he dies.
But Artyom s feigned helplessness stills their suspicions.
They leave the room  leaving only two men there.
Artyom asks them to fetch some water.
One man goes.
Artyom then calls another man and tells him  he will not return the money.
He stole more than 2 million dollars.
He wants to tell him where the money is.
The guard bends down.
Artyom suddenly knocks him down.
He knocks down the other guard and leaves the house.
A hired killer finds Vika.
Artyom gave her a gun  so she pulls it out and points it at the killer  but her hands are trembling.
She is not able to pull the trigger.
Grinning  the killer slowly takes the gun and points it.
As Artyom appears and hits him.
A bit later Valiyev finds Artyom and shoots him.
Artyom is badly wounded  arrested and taken.
Next day the FSB arrests Valiyev.
Artyom s term is over.
Some years have passed.
He is let out and is met.
Suddenly  someone calls one and asks in English to call Artyom.
Artyom answers.
The camera quickly pans to Las Vegas.
The caller is Larry  his opponent.
Which he lost ability to see.
He says and asks him.
He knows that Artyom is free.
He wants a rematch.
Artem is silent.
Larry repeats his question  I said .
` bout a rematch.
The camera quickly pans back and shows wild snowy field and far forest.
Artyom looks  smiles widely and lowers the phone.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Cuban agents are sent to kill anti-Castro dissidents working to denounce human rights violations in Cuba.
<EOS>
Harry and Eve Graham want to adopt a child.
Adoption agent Mr Jordan warns the couple.
He would need to investigate them thoroughly.
Harry looks curiously.
Worries Jordan.
Harry travels frequently for work.
Jordan arrives.
The receptionist calls around.
None have a Harry Graham registered.
One or two remember Harry.
He had nt been checked.
Jordan is very puzzled and even more adamant.
He finds a letter opener.
Jordan discovers an address.
Harry opens the door.
When he arrives.
He tries to get rid.
When suddenly a baby cries.
Jordan now understands Harry s secret.
Harry tells him.
When Jordan is about to call the police.
He got.
One day about 8 months earlier   Harry gets lonely.
Staying. 
He goes and finds a tour bus going around showing the homes of Hollywood stars.
He becomes interested.
She does nt seem very interested in him.
She asks.
The tour ends.
He wants to get dinner where she works.
They talk and spend time together.
Harry does nt expect to ever see Phyllis again.
He tries to tell Eve everything.
When he gets back that night.
Eve changes the topic.
Back home  he tries again  planning a vacation.
She dismisses the idea and turns away to sleep.
Pretty soon Harry s begun a relationship.
Eve gets a telegram.
She rushes to be  but  she apologises to Harry for the way and tells him she wants to adopt a child.
She leaves.
She had been behaving.
Harry stays close to home and begins the adoption process.
Three months later  Harry goes back.
She is no longer working.
He tracks her down.
She s living in and that s when she tells him that she s pregnant.
Harry plans to call Eve and ask.
When she calls him to give him the news.
Hearing  he ca nt go through.
Distraught she is.
But he ca nt bring himself to leave Phyllis either  and instead proposes.
He expects Jordan to call the police.
Harry has told his tale.
Jordan does nt.
He simply leaves.
Harry writes a farewell letter and leaves.
Eve returns.
Harry is about to meet the police who are waiting.
Harry ends up.
Where the two women finally meet.
He loved both women.
The denouement is left unclear.
<EOS>
The film is.
The film takes a turn.
When Madhavankutty is accused.
<EOS>
Kwon Yeon-woo is a somewhat naive 30 year old low-level civil servant.
Who works.
He encounters a high school girl  Soo-young  and sees her on his way to work every morning.
She is a cheerful and eccentric 18.
Who lives from him.
The two begin to develop feelings for one another.
Meanwhile  22 year old Kang Sook  has just started working.
He falls head.
Who wanders.
She is still holding  and keeps looking for traces of that lost love every day.
Kang Sook continues to woo her  regardless.
Can these two relationships ever lead.
<EOS>
Chess is a story.
Who is thrown.
Dileep plays the lead role.
Whose background is music and other fine arts.
But suddenly he gets catapulted.
Where there is little time.
Vijayakrishnan   is pitted against heartless men in khakhis.
The schemers kill Vijayakrishnan s father and burn his mother.
Then they wound Vijayakrishnan badly and leave him to die.
The rest is about Vijayakrishnan s revenge on the people.
Who murdered his parents.
To do this he kills the schemers.
He acts by one.
<EOS>
This comedy follows the bumpy saga.
Who skips town after one goes awry.
Unfortunately  Fitz and his 16-year-old sidekick only find their way.
Fitz is a man.
Who   has resorted to selling marijuana.
He is dating a woman named Monica.
Who was a fan.
Aside from selling marijuana  Fitz spend his time with 16-year-old Jimmy  a neighborhood kid.
Who ditches school to hang.
Fitz decides to leave Los Angeles  California to avoid being arrested.
One is caught with weed.
Meanwhile  Jimmy is threatened to be sent by his father for skipping and failing classes  Jimmy convinces Fitz to take him to Oakland with him to visit his mother.
Who supposedly lives there.
Jimmy s father finds a friend.
They take off  believing.
He had been kidnapped.
Jimmy attempts to keep Fitz sober along the trip.
Jimmy suggests.
They switch out vehicles so that it would be harder to track down the pair.
Fitz agrees and suggests.
They trade vehicles.
Meanwhile  Jimmy s father and his friend continue to track down Jimmy and Fitz.
The idea is placed that it is possible that Jimmy is being raped because he is an attractive young man.
They track down Fitz s vehicle and convince them to tell them.
Where Fitz and Jimmy are headed.
The band mates misinform them.
They are driving.
Also  Monica has a small affair and finds out.
She is pregnant.
Fitz discovers the affair.
Monica calls him and tells him.
Not knowing  Monica follows Fitz s trail and finds the old band mates as well.
What happened.
Who inform her that he is headed to reconnect with his estranged father.
Angered  Monica continues to head off to find Fitz.
Fitz never told her this.
Meanwhile  Fitz and Jimmy stop.
Fitz argues with a prostitute.
Jimmy also reluctantly declines a blow job and a hand job.
Fitz and Jimmy decide to stop and so.
Fitz could relieve himself.
He notices his father and his friend pulling up.
Jimmy is waiting.
Jimmy slashes their tires.
When the pair go inside.
Fitz rushes out past the pair.
Fitz and Jimmy begin to argue.
Being chased out.
Fitz leaves the vehicle causing Jimmy to chase after him.
They turn to realize.
They have talked it out.
Their vehicle is being towed.
Jimmy trips and breaks his hand  causing the guys to fake their names and go.
Chasing. 
The doctor insinuates.
He believes Fitz has kidnapped and is molesting Jimmy because Jimmy is attractive.
However   the two run.
Jimmy has a cast and sling.
Meanwhile  Jimmy s father and his friend track down the towed van.
They get a tip to meet.
Where Fitz and Jimmy will supposedly be later.
They also have a growing concern of his virginity being at stake after finding his clothes in a bag in the back of the van along with scratch marks on the sides of the van.
Fitz and Jimmy take a cab.
Jimmy insists.
Monica did nt really cheat because she did nt have sex.
Once  Fitz and Jimmy see.
Fitz s father is now the owner and a drag queen performer for the bar.
He also believes.
Sandwiches solve almost any problem there is.
Monica meets the guys there and tells Fitz.
She is indeed pregnant.
However  he blows her off and says.
She should go raise the child  due to her affair.
She leaves  angry.
Jimmy convinces him to be the father.
Fitz s own father never was.
He agrees and takes one last joint outside to smoke and gets a rude greeting.
Who bashes him and accuses him of kidnapping.
Jimmy and Fitz s father meet them outside.
Jimmy confesses.
His mother does nt live and that she is deceased.
Fitz s father apologizes.
Jimmy s father and Fitz exchange apologies.
Fitz returns home.
Once home  Fitz busts and sets a baby s car seat down on the table.
He pours.
He wants his child to be nothing and explains how kidnapping that kid made him a better person.
She says.
She believes that he has changed.
He is just not reliable enough.
Fitz leaves and Monica s boss makes fun.
He does.
Monica stands up and tells her boss to keep the promotion.
She did nt need it.
She grabs the car seat and chases.
Who is pleased to know that she likes the car seat.
The movie ends.
A clip shows Jimmy  his father  and his father s friend in front of Jimmy s mother s grave.
They leave.
Flowers and Jimmy says goodbye.
They leave.
The cemetery was freaking them out.
A running joke is Fitz s triangle theory  a theory  making everything a vertices.
Everything can be connected into threes.
<EOS>
The protagonist  a film director named Bahman Farjami  is coming with being an aged director.
He also feels grief.
He seeks to make a documentary  or so he tells his friends.
<EOS>
Geremio is an Italian bricklayer living.
The film depicts.
Geremio and his family endure the struggles.
<EOS>
Father Michael  an emissary of Pope Pius VII  has traveled to meet with novice monk Brother Tomas.
The young monk s order serves.
The secret repository collected by the Church  and kept there for safekeeping.
Michael delivers an ancient statue.
Has trapped two beautiful female demons  Munkar and Nakir.
Tomas and his friend Brother Gregory inadvertently release the murderous demons.
Who travel.
To redeem himself  Tomas pursues them.
Where he allies to recapture the homicidal terrors.
<EOS>
Dr Johnson lives.
His unorthodox experiments causes a medical committee to reject his findings and orders him to discontinue his work.
The unstable doctor does the only sensible thing  slashes his wrists.
Devastated  his wife vows to seduce and kill the woman and three men responsible.
<EOS>
Moti is a gur trader.
Who trades.
He meets a girl Phoolbanu  and falls in love with her.
Moti approaches PhoolBanu s father.
Who asks.
Mejuben a widow prepares the Gur to sell.
Who is Moti s business associate.
Her Gur is very famous.
People always prefer to buy.
Moti decides to get married.
That he does not have to pay her  and hence can save more and sooner.
Mejuben  unaware  is first surprised by the proposal but later accepts it.
Moti saves enough for the meher  and divorces Mejuben.
This incident shocks Mejuben and people.
Moti meets Phoolbanu s father and asks again.
Satisfied  he marries off his daughter to Moti.
All is fine.
The Gur season arrives.
Phulbanu is terrible.
Moti s customers stop buying.
Meanwhile a fish trader asked Mejuben to marry him.
He is honest to say.
He has small children and wants Mejuben look.
He always treats her.
It is almost the end.
Moti does not make good profit that year.
He finally is left.
To request Mejuben to make a few vats for him to sell.
He takes two cans and approaches Mejuben at her husband s house to request her to make him some Gur to sell.
He is followed.
Mejuben is very angry on seeing Moti but understands.
He is.
She also sees Phulbanu listening from behind a fence.
They start weeping and hug each other.
The eyes meet.
The movie ends.
Whether Mejuben prepared gur or whether she teaches Phulbanu how to prepare tasty gur.
The second proposition seems plausible.
It is very possible.
The whole issue got resolved.
Relations became better.
<EOS>
Final Approach deals.
When a stealth test pilot  Col.
Jason Halsey  is involved.
A psychiatrist Dr Dio Gottlieb attempts to help Halsey to recover his memory.
His motives seem suspect.
Is Gottlieb giving professional help or is he a counter-intelligence agent sent to debrief Halsey.
<EOS>
A community nuns in a Catholic convent on the outskirts of Montreal awake one night to terrible screams.
A young novice  Sister Agnes  is found.
The Mother Superior  Mother Miriam Ruth  finds a newborn baby  dead and wrapped.
She is taken.
It is clear.
She has no recollection.
The young novice is accused.
The court assigns Dr Martha Livingston  a psychologist  to determine.
Sister Agnes is sane enough to stand trial.
The judicial system is clearly inclined to think and does not wish to send her.
The young nun is insane.
Only reluctantly does the chain-smoking Martha take.
Martha sees the nuns and goes to visit them at the convent.
The worldly and wise Mother Miriam receives Martha.
It is nothing personal  she tells her.
She does not believe.
She makes pretty clear.
She was taken completely by surprise by what happened.
Nobody had any idea  not even Agnes herself.
Agnes  she tells Martha  received very little schooling and came at a very young age after her mother s death.
Mother Miriam believes.
Agnes has been touched.
Martha interviews Agnes.
Who is.
Agnes has a vague idea.
Babies are born.
They are made.
The day  she felt sick after night prayers and retired to her bedroom.
She felt sicker and sicker.
She fell asleep.
Everybody is asking her  she says.
She saw no baby.
The only thing is.
She knows.
What she has been told.
The baby was found dead.
<EOS>
Bob Munro  a successful California beverage company executive  is struggling  with his materialistic wife Jamie  his spoiled  sharp-tongued teenage daughter Cassie  and young son Carl an adolescent weightlifter.
Who likes Hip hop.
Bob is embarrassed in front of his self-absorbed boss Todd by Cassie s militant friend Gretchen.
Who hurls a tub.
Looking forward  Bob is punished by Todd by having to present a merger proposal to the grassroots Alpine Soda company in Boulder  Colorado instead.
Concealing the real reason  Bob rents an RV from the dodgy dealer Irv and tells his family.
They are traveling.
Bob and his family encounter many mishaps.
These include Bob damaging the parking brake  crashing and running over objects such as shopping carts  flushing out a trio of raccoons with a stink bomb  and fixing a clogged sewage system.
The Munros meet another traveling family  the Gornickes  consisting of Travis  Mary Jo  and their sons and daughter  Earl  Billy Not Earl  and Moon.
Earl develops.
A romantic interest starts to like Moon.
Thinking  the adult Munros decide to ditch them   the Munros believe.
The Gornickes are too strange.
When the Gornickes reappear.
They are stalking them.
Meanwhile  to disguise his business trip  Bob tries to e-mail a proposal outline  working in restrooms  eventually  a hitchhiker steals Bob s laptop  leaving him with only a BlackBerry PDA.
He does manage to use to compose and wirelessly send his proposal.
The Gornickes then recover the stolen laptop  and pursue the Munros to return it.
Eventually the entire family begins to enjoy their vacation.
Though  Bob distracts his family and sends them on a hike.
Order to attend the merger meeting.
The meeting is a success.
Bob is invited to talk.
Rushing back  Bob takes a treacherous 4 wheel drive trail  and gets the huge vehicle stuck atop a jutting boulder in the middle of the trail.
Bob eventually manages to dislodge the RV by getting on the front of the RV and rocking it.
It eventually wobbles and tips forward enough to slide down.
Now riding  Bob barely manages to return to his family in time  succeeding in fooling them  but  the RV brakes fail again.
It is traveling.
He is attempting a similar ruse the next day.
It rolls.
Bob lets.
It slip.
His family is upset.
He would use them.
Still needing to get  a desperate Bob retrieves one of his family s bicycles from the lake and pedals off.
Jamie  Carl  and Cassie are then picked up  and soon realize.
Well they get along  when Bob appears again  climbing.
Bob is just about to blow off the meeting.
When it turns out he s right.
Bob starts his speech.
It goes well  but then -- Bob has an epiphany  and so he recommends  realizing.
Todd s selfishness would destroy a great independent company.
Carl gets angry and flips him over his shoulder  onto the ground.
Moon exclaims My Hero.
Bob is offered a job by the owners of Alpine Soda.
Who want to go national independently.
The two families are shown dancing and singing the song  Route.
<EOS>
Judd is upset.
Shiloh now belongs.
Marty did hard labor to get Shiloh from Judd.
Judd starts drinking heavily and  almost runs Marty and Shiloh off the road with his truck.
Marty encounters Judd several times.
When Judd thinks he heard Marty  threatens him and holds his gun.
He is too drunk.
Later  Judd crashes his truck.
Shiloh s loud barking gets Marty s attention.
Where he finds Judd.
Judd is then taken sometime later.
Marty wants to be nice and makes donations.
Marty then starts writing Judd letters  telling him stories.
Judd takes to liking this and reads them they kind of become friends again.
Marty decides.
He wants to take Shiloh to visit Judd.
Marty and Judd start to become friends  Shiloh allows Judd to pet him.
Judd tells him that it was Shiloh who really saved him and ever.
This is a wonderful  heartfelt movie.
<EOS>
General Mohammed Al-Rawi hides in Baghdad and meets with his aides discussing the invasion of Iraq.
Trying to determine the political future.
Al-Rawi suggests waiting to arrive and have them perhaps make his army an offer to join their forces in forming a government coalition against foreign insurgents.
Four weeks later  U.
S.
Army Chief Warrant Officer Roy Miller and his squad investigate a warehouse  believed to be holding Iraqi weapons.
The warehouse is not secure  with looters making their way in and out.
Soldiers sporadically fight the Iraqis.
But they find.
The warehouse is empty.
Miller brings up  stating.
The point that the majority is inaccurate and anonymous.
His team had come up with nothing.
High-ranking officials quickly dismiss Miller s theory being false.
Miller meets Martin Brown  a CIA officer based in the Middle East.
Who tells Miller that the next place he is going to investigate is also empty  as a UN team had already searched there two months ago.
Meanwhile  Clark Poundstone is welcoming an Iraqi politician named Ahmed Zubaidi.
Where he is questioned.
She says.
She needs to speak directly.
Miller is approached.
Investigating another site.
Who calls himself Freddy  who tells him that he saw some Baath Party VIPs meeting.
Miller and his men swiftly arrive and burst.
Al-Rawi narrowly escapes.
One is taken into custody.
The man is grabbed.
Miller can extract any more information.
Dayne finds Poundstone again and complains.
He maintains his dismissive posture  justifying.
The stakes are much larger.
Miller goes in the Green Zone and tells him.
What happened.
Brown arranges to visit the man removed from his custody by the special operations personnel.
He is approached by Dayne.
Miller soon finds the Iraqi informant.
The man responds to Miller s question with one word  Jordan.
Miller goes to confront her about the bogus intel.
She published.
She refuses to disclose her source.
He continues to press her.
What she knows.
She reluctantly confirms.
Her source had met in Jordan.
Miller s suspicions are confirmed.
Al-Rawi met in February in Jordan as Poundstone s informant.
Miller realizes.
Poundstone probably wants to prevent.
He is kidnapped.
When Miller tries to meet to encourage him to turn himself in before he is killed by Poundstone s men.
Poundstone had just announced the decision to disband the entire Iraqi army.
Al-Rawi tells Miller  Poundstone was being used by his superiors in Washington.
He told Poundstone there had been no WMD program.
That Iraq would be invaded.
American forces commence an attack.
Meanwhile  Miller kills his captor and races to capture.
Freddy suddenly appears and kills.
When he finally manages to catch up.
Miller tells Freddy to escape.
The area is secured as many of the Iraqi insurgency desperately tries to hold off the American forces before being overwhelmed by their air support.
Later   Miller writes a report of everything.
Happened. 
Miller confronts Poundstone and gives him the report.
Poundstone tells Miller.
WMDs do not matter.
Poundstone then rejoins the Iraqi meeting  only to see the Iraqi factional leaders yelling and leaving the meeting.
Afterwards  Dayne receives an emailed copy.
Miller had relayed the information around the world.
<EOS>
The story is told by the woman while on holiday in Switzerland waiting for her banker husband to arrive from work.
It had been nine years.
They have been  and nine years since she last talked to the man she is in love with.
The movie then goes and tells of the love between Mary and Steven.
She refuses to marry him  believing.
Mary loves Steven.
A marriage would be too stifling  while Steven tells her that two people in love should want to ` belong to each other.
Mary insists and runs.
She wants only to ` belong.
As Steven tells her that her life would then be  a failure.
She then marries Howard.
Who gives her affection  stability and security.
Steven is.
When they meet again.
Mary is.
Howard dryly pretends not to recognize Steven.
So the enemy would nt know he was being observed.
Steven later pursues.
Mary again and almost persuades her to change her mind and leave Howard.
He notices.
Howard accepts his wife s socialising.
They have forgotten their tickets.
They then lie.
When he inquires.
Steven tells.
Howard Mary is.
Howard should step aside.
Mary asks him to leave so she can talk things over.
Mary sends Steven a letter.
Steven goes to see Mary.
He sees Howard first  he knows and understands Mary.
Who tells him.
Steven   hardly knows Mary at all.
Howard understands.
Their marriage is not one  but one of affection and mutual freedom.
Howard is confident.
A marriage  where partners ` belong  to each other  was not what Mary wants.
All is to stay away from each other.
Is needed.
Mary later confirms.
What Howard said and runs away before Steven can dissuade her.
Nine years later Mary and Steven meet again on holiday in the Alps.
Howard is again late due.
Steven has a half a day.
They take a boat and then a cable car.
They talk.
Steven reveals.
He has two children.
Mary asks him.
He is happy  and seems happier herself.
Mixed expressions tell.
If she wishes herself.
Howard is back and just happens to see them disembarking the boat together.
When they come down.
He notices the porter taking Steven s suitcase.
He goes.
He was filled.
His pride is further hurt.
When he watches Mary wave goodbye enthusiastically without noticing her husband s return.
He storms out  and then files.
When Mary turns  her eyes glistening.
Mary tries to contact Steven.
Her lawyer happens to tell him.
As Steven s wife goes to see Steven.
Steven s family life is plunged.
Mary decides  she tells him the divorce  so he could go back and lead a happy life.
She must see Steven and meeting.
Was stopped.
She then goes to see Howard  asking him to stop the divorce.
She was innocent to Steven.
Howard then tells her the divorce.
Is not about that.
He had not expected love  but only affection and some loyalty.
Instead he was given ` love  kindness to a beggar  and the loyalty of a bad servant.
Yelling to get out  he loses his temper and breaks a vase.
He then calms down and retracts.
What he said  but realizes Mary is gone and had left her handbag.
Mary runs and walked through a London Underground station in a trance.
Standing with an incoming train heading West London  she dazedly contemplates the tracks.
Something catches her round the waist.
The train approaches she draws dangerously close and  just as she is about to leap.
It is Howard.
Who had come.
He holds her.
She shakes.
The couple reconcile.
<EOS>
Ziegenthals  a failed student  makes ends meet.
He discovers.
The respected professor has plagiarized his doctoral dissertation by translating the work of an American scholar.
He decides to blackmail Kolczyk and to ask.
Kolczyk initially agrees  but vows.
Only one will survive.
Looking  Kolczyk tries to gather information about Ziegenhals from Miezi  a prostitute and a housemate and friend of Ziegenhals.
She is thinking.
Miezi has saved enough money.
Her violent ex-boyfriend and former pimp  Kalle Protzel  has been released from prison  he murders her and steals her savings.
The police finds out.
Miezi had an appointment and discovers the payments Kolczyk makes to Ziegenhals.
Being the main suspects only increases the hatred between Kolczyk and Ziegenhals.
Who fight with all means available.
Kolczyk  learning  starts playing.
Ziegenhals thinks that Kolczyk wants to kill him.
He sends him a package with an alarm clock  making.
Ziegenhals think that he has received a mail bomb.
Ziegenhals meanwhile befriends Kolczyk s daughter Ginny and makes her his lover.
The final disaster can not be averted.
This forces the both to have to pretend that they are friends.
<EOS>
Winthrop Putnam is the Assistant Secretary  and was formerly Assistant Assistant Secretary to the Assistant to the Undersecretary of State.
He sends an invitation to represent the American theatre at an art exposition in Paris.
Instead  the invitation is received and accepted.
Ethel and Winthrop meet to Paris and fall in love.
However  Winthrop is engaged.
Winthrop and Ethel ultimately end up together.
<EOS>
The movie tells the story the policeman.
Who follow different career paths  Raja is a smuggler and Ravi.
Who is asked to hunt Raja down.
Raja and Ravi are the sons.
Who was defeated and disgraced.
Unable to bear the public disgrace father deserts the family.
The sons are raised.
Who brings them.
Raja  the elder brother  grows up and is victimized for his father s supposed misdeeds.
Raja   becomes a smuggler and a leading figure of the underworld.
Who starts out and becomes a dockyard worker in his youth.
The film opens.
Who works hard to enhance the lives.
He lives.
The trade unionist  however  is blackmailed.
Who threatens to kill his family if he does not cease his activities.
Forced  the trade unionist is thus attacked by the very same laborers.
Who once supported him.
His family is also persecuted.
Who brand young Raja s arm.
The trade unionist then runs away forcing Sita and her two children.
Not knowing what else to do  Sita brings her children and struggles as a day labourer to care for her now homeless boys.
Raja  the elder brother  grows up and is victimized for his father s supposed misdeeds.
Raja   becomes a smuggler and a leading figure of the underworld.
Who starts out and becomes a dockyard worker in his youth.
He also sacrifices his own education.
His brother Ravi can study.
Ravi is an excellent student and grows up to become an upright police officer.
He is also dating Radha  the daughter.
Ravi applies for employment with the police  and is sent for training.
Several months later  he is accepted  and has a rank of.
Raja   becomes involved with Anita  a woman.
Whom he meets.
Raja decides to abandon his life  marry her  and confess his sins.
When Anita becomes pregnant.
He also hopes to seek forgiveness.
He finds  has accumulated wealth  and a palatial home.
When Ravi returns home.
Raja has become a businessman overnight.
He decides to move out along.
When Ravi finds out that Raja has acquired wealth.
One is to be apprehend and arrest some of Chennai s hardcore criminals and smugglers.
Includes his brother  Raja - much.
Ravi must now decide to proceed on  or quit from the police force.
However   Raja loses all sense and brutally murders his rivals in revenge for Anita s death  leading him to be branded a criminal forever.
When Anita is brutally murdered.
Their mother   is tormented and rejects him.
Who had sided despite the fact that Raja was her favorite.
The two brothers meet.
Raja dies.
Ravi is awarded.
<EOS>
Units of the 35th Infantry Division are nearing the town of Nancy.
When one receives orders to pull out while under attack from the Germans.
Kelly  a former lieutenant  captures Colonel Dankhopf.
Who has been demoted.
He gets him drunk to try to get information.
When Kelly notices his prisoner has a gold bar.
The drunken Dankhopf blurts out.
He is killed.
There is a cache.
Kelly recruits.
The rest  including skeptical Master Sergeant Big Joe  to sneak off and steal the gold.
Eventually  others have to be recruited.
The expedition successfully breaks during a mortar barrage.
Has been arranged.
An American fighter plane mistakes Kelly s group  strafing their vehicles and destroying them with rockets  forcing them to continue on foot.
Three die in a subsequent skirmish in and around a minefield.
Meanwhile  Oddball s tanks battle their way.
Their route is blocked.
When the last large bridge is blown up  prompting Oddball to let a bridge engineering unit in on the deal.
He misinterprets them and immediately rushes to the front line to exploit the breakthrough.
When intercepted radio messages are brought to the attention of gung-ho American Major General Colt.
Kelly s men race to reach Clermont.
There  they find.
It defended with infantry support.
The Americans are able to dispatch two and most of the German infantry.
Oddball s last Sherman breaks down and can not be repaired.
They prepare to take.
Powerless to defeat the tank  Kelly offers the German tank commander a share.
The assembled crew finds the gold cache.
The Tiger blows the bank doors off.
The men go their separate ways  just managing to avoid meeting the still-oblivious Colt.
Who is delayed.
<EOS>
A farmer falls in love with and marries an itinerant performer.
She plans to betray him.
When he comes.
Eventually she realizes.
She loves the farmer and stays.
<EOS>
Diego de la Vega is about to return from the New World.
When he chances to meet his old friend  Miguel de la Serna.
Miguel has just been appointed the new governor after the death of his uncle  Don Fernando.
Diego tries to warn Miguel.
Nuova Aragon has been ruled for many generations and that Miguel s uncle was probably murdered.
Miguel   will not listen.
Who is consumed.
Later that same evening  Miguel is attacked while walking outside the inn.
Diego arrives and   defeats the men and forces one of them to talk.
The man says.
Colonel Huerta sent them to kill Miguel.
Dying  Miguel agrees to let Diego go  but makes.
Him swear that the new Governor will never kill.
Diego reluctantly agrees.
Colonel Huerta asks the council for complete control of the army and government.
Just then  Diego arrives and announces.
He is the new governor.
He then meets Miguel s aunt  Carmen.
Who is little inclined to have any kind with her nephew.
He also meets Kapitan Fritz von Markel  the head  and narrowly escapes an assassination attempt via a bowl of poisoned sweets.
Diego and Joaquin watch Huerta force his men  afterwards  Huerta slices through candles without disturbing them  showing off his skill.
He appoints Sergeant Garcia  an overweight soldier with more than a bit of an appetite  as the Governor s bodyguard.
Later   the dog Assassin shows Diego and Joaquin a secret passageway behind a bookshelf.
Diego and Joaquin roam the streets of Nuova Aragon  seeing.
Much the people have been cowed.
Two incidents attract Diego s attention  a group.
A monk named Brother Francisco trying to rouse the people.
Diego and Joaquin question one.
The monk is helped to evade capture by friendly townspeople.
Chico is convinced to trust Diego and tells him.
Unwilling to talk.
He s a great fighter.
He always wins  he can never die.
Bringing Brother Francisco s cart back  Diego  Joaquin and Chico witness Brother Francisco being arrested by the soldiers.
The next day  Brother Francisco has been unjustly sentenced in selling rotten hides and slander against the merchant.
Who has framed him.
Diego appears as Zorro  releases Brother Francisco and forces the soldiers to give the corrupt judge  the lying witness  and the murdering executioner three times the number of lashes.
Brother Francisco was sentenced to.
Diego  once again  comments on a portrait of Hortensia Pulido and is attracted to her.
He is informed but now poor  a fact confirmed by Huerta.
Her family was once wealthy.
Who claims that the Pulidos were conspiring.
Hortensia urges the people to rise up against the soldiers  saying.
The scales the merchants use are rigged.
Garcia shows up  ordering her to stop causing trouble and begins ridiculing Zorro.
Suddenly Zorro appears and orders Garcia to get on the scale.
Shows that Garcia supposedly weighs only 50 pounds.
Soldiers appear.
They are forced to go with swords.
Chico and some other boys have dumped their rifles down a well.
Naturally  Zorro escapes.
Hortensia looks on.
Later  Hortensia returns.
Where she finds Zorro waiting.
Zorro and Hortensia talk.
Huerta arrives.
Hortensia urges Zorro to go  saying.
She is afraid.
Zorro leaves.
Huerta arrives and tells his men to search the area.
He decides to stay.
When Hortensia tells him that her parents are nt home.
He forcefully kisses her.
Zorro re-appears and forces Huerta to get on his knees and beg Hortensia s forgiveness.
Huerta leaves.
Zorro and Hortensia share a romantic moment.
Aunt Carmen has decided to return.
Zorro and Joaquin  knowing  secretly follow.
Huerta will certainly have his men rob the party.
The bandits attack.
When the party makes camp.
Von Markel fights back and drives them off  exciting the admiration.
The bandits escape.
Zorro catches up and steals the jewels back.
Diego begins an elaborate scheme  first  then a ransacked dining room marked with Z s  to make it appear.
Zorro is plotting to kill the Governor.
Huerta informs Diego.
De la Serna takes.
He has the perfect plan to capture Zorro.
He says.
His men will capture Hortensia  lock her and cart her around the plaza until Zorro comes to rescue her.
Soldiers will be everywhere  so Zorro can not escape.
Zorro outwits them.
He rescues Hortensia  and stays behind to distract the guards.
Zorro escapes  and overhears Huerta and Garcia.
Huerta says.
Only one other person knew.
He rides off.
Zorro manages to get back.
Before Huerta arrives.
Huerta and Diego argue a bit.
It is clear.
Huerta is suspicious.
Diego then offers himself to be bait.
The next day  Diego and Garcia go.
Soldiers are surrounding the area.
Joaquin shows up.
Almost all the soldiers follow him.
Eluding the soldiers  Joaquin rides.
Brother Francisco informs the children  and sends them out to different areas dressed as Zorro as distractions to the soldiers.
Diego pretends to go  but reappears as the real Zorro  telling Garcia.
He has the governor  and will wring his neck and have him stuffed and fed to the dog if Garcia does nt do what he tells him.
Garcia   arrives at a mine run by forced slave labor.
He orders  or else Zorro will kill the Governor.
The guards to release them all.
The slaves are freed.
Zorro tells Garcia to leave.
Hortensia arrives and tells Zorro.
Huerta and the soldiers are coming.
Hortensia holds.
When Zorro leaves.
Huerta and his men give chase.
Zorro stops the carriage long enough to order Hortensia to leave  saying.
The people need her.
He kisses her  Hortensia leaves  and then Zorro drives the carriage into the ocean.
Hortensia looks over.
Huerta arrives.
Huerta says.
Hortensia   will have a husband.
Her parents know what s best.
Brother Francisco and civilians arrive at the church in protest.
Huerta orders the guards to arrest him.
They are reluctant to do so.
Zorro reappears unharmed.
He battles soldiers.
Kapitan von Markel assists the angry crowd in handling the soldiers.
Huerta grabs a soldier s pistol and shoots Brother Francisco  killing him and causing a riot to break out.
Huerta s armed soldiers settle the riot down.
Zorro  feeling  begins a final showdown and duel.
Brother Francisco s murder has released him to Miguel de la Serna.
The fight goes on  going from the doorstep of the church to the inside.
Zorro repeats Huerta s trick with the candles  only better -- splitting one in half.
Later on  Zorro falls out.
Huerta believes.
Zorro is dead.
However  Zorro reappears continues.
The dog Assassin prevents Garcia from interfering  causing the fat sergeant to back into and fall down a well.
Huerta says.
Either he or Zorro must die.
Zorro then says  Well then  let it be the moment.
And unmasks himself.
Diego kills Huerta  causing him to fall from the roof.
The crowd looks  then bursts into applause.
Zorro then appears.
The tyrant is dead.
Justice has triumphed.
<EOS>
Note  This plot summary is a linear account.
The movie itself does not reveal all plot details.
Allison Goldring  an upper-class  white college student  becomes pregnant.
She makes the decision to travel abroad to terminate the pregnancy.
Abortion is considered murder.
Everyone including Tanner supported her decision.
Tanner later denies this.
The film makes his denial seem improbable.
Allison s father and grandmother are interviewed and openly support both Allison and Beverly.
Her father even says.
He had intended to travel with their two younger daughters as a vacation to disguise the purpose of the trip.
Unfortunately the state has recently passed a law.
Classifies going abroad to seek a termination.
Beverly admits but assumed.
It would be some time before it would be enforced.
It is not clear.
Aware Allison and Jeremy were.
The law  it transpires  is a reaction.
They are enforced almost exclusively.
Examples are interviewed at Walker Point.
One had used some abortifacient called a baby bomb.
She was arrested.
She bled out.
The other was arrested.
She had nt.
Is also illegal.
Her descriptions.
She obtained the uudee.
She was also.
African American district attorney Andrea Murdoch discovers and prosecutes them  in large part.
What the Goldrings have done.
They are exactly the type.
The criminal procedures show.
Doctor-Patient confidentiality is no longer guaranteed.
Murdoch s motivations are questioned.
Who suggests she is seeking some higher office.
He does nt question her ethics.
Murdoch s own statements suggest.
She is angered in enforcement  but that she does not question the propriety of fetal murder law.
Allison decides to take the stand and confesses to.
What she did.
She does not express remorse nor does she express any regret later.
She says.
She felt relieved to get everything out.
Beverly and Garson are frustrated.
It condemn both Allison and Beverly.
The Swedish clinic checks their pathology reports on Allison and determines.
The fetus had been dead to the procedure.
The Goldrings are released.
Murdoch declares her intention to prosecute them.
They had intended to commit the crime even if they had not be able to commit it.
<EOS>
William Smith  a widower  lives with his nine-year-old son Danny in a Vardo behind the garage.
Where he works.
The land is coveted.
The garage is built.
Who owns the surrounding land and lives several miles away.
Hazell attempts to buy the Smiths  land.
William turns down his offers.
Used  Hazell begins a campaign of harassment  trying to force them off their land.
Several inspectors come and assess William s property.
It becomes obvious.
Hazell has sent them there.
William decides to poach Hazell s prized game pheasants  using raisins to lure the birds out  but comes home empty handed  Danny had detected his absence and was relieved to see him return.
Afterwards  William reveals.
He was out poaching.
A few nights later  he tries again  but falls and breaks his ankle.
Danny wakes  detects his father s absence and decides to go and look for him.
He heads.
His father had been repairing.
He passes a police car.
Turns round to pursue him.
He manages to lose the police.
He reaches the forest.
He then spots two gamekeepers and hides.
Then he hears them talking in a deep hole in the ground   Danny goes over and finds.
When they walk off to tell Hazell.
The man is his father.
He manages to help his father out by using a rope tied to a tree.
They get away to avoid being caught by Hazell and his two armed gamekeepers  but Hazell sees them in the distance and is convinced.
It is them.
The local policeman  Sergeant Enoch Samways  receives a complaint.
Samways goes over to question William.
However  he deliberately falsifies the report.
Order to claim that William is innocent  owing himself is very much into poaching  despite his position of authority.
Meanwhile  Danny has started a new term  with a new schoolmaster  Captain Lancaster  a strict disciplinarian.
Who practices corporal punishment and detests lateness and cheating.
Hazell announces a shooting event and invites several lords and other wealthy businessmen to come and hunt his pheasants.
William and Danny decide to put a grand plan to poach all of Hazell s pheasants before the event  embarrassing Hazell in front of the people.
He wanted to impress.
Danny hits.
They fill hundreds.
The next day  Captain Lancaster catches Danny sleeping  he makes Danny run laps of the playground after school as a punishment.
Danny escapes.
Lancaster resigns out  much to the delight of Mr Snoddy.
Danny s plan goes off  soon  the garage is filled with sleeping pheasants.
Hazell loses the respect.
There are no pheasants to shoot.
One lord reveals.
Hazell s real plan was to build a new town.
His plan can not go ahead.
Hazell storms off.
The Smiths and the rest celebrate.
<EOS>
Dangerous mobster Rocky Mosely robs a young engaged couple for the fun of it.
He gives.
When the mobster s boss Gene Fenmore hears.
Them back their money and takes them.
Rocky  resentful and tired of Gene s moral code  frames the young couple for a robbery gone wrong.
Fenmore must find a way to prove their innocence and protect himself.
<EOS>
Sixteen-year-old Minnesota high-schooler Juno MacGuff discovers.
She is pregnant.
She initially considers an abortion but decides to give the baby up.
Juno searches the ads in the Pennysaver and finds a couple.
She feels will provide a suitable home.
She tells her parents  Mac and stepmother  Bren.
Who offer their support.
Juno meets the couple  Mark and Vanessa Loring  in their expensive home and agrees to a closed adoption.
Juno vists Mark a few times.
Whom she shares tastes.
Mark   works.
Who has set aside his rock band youth.
Juno and Leah happen to see Vanessa being completely at ease with a child.
Juno encourages Vanessa to talk in the womb.
Where it obligingly kicks.
Juno struggles.
The pregnancy progresses.
She feels.
Juno maintains an outwardly indifferent attitude.
She angrily confronts him.
When she learns he has asked another girl.
Paulie reminds Juno.
It is.
Not long  Juno is again visiting Mark.
Her baby is due.
When their interaction becomes emotional.
Mark then tells her.
He will be leaving Vanessa.
Juno is horrified  with Mark asking Juno.
Do you think.
Vanessa arrives home.
Mark tells her.
There are still things.
He wants to do first.
Juno watches the Loring marriage fall apart  then drives away and breaks down.
Returning  she leaves a note and disappears.
They answer the door.
Juno accepts.
She loves Paulie.
Juno then tells Paulie.
She loves him.
Paulie s actions make it clear.
Her feelings are very much reciprocated.
Not long after  Juno goes and is rushed to the hospital.
Where she gives birth.
She had deliberately not told Paulie meet.
Seeing her missing  Paulie rushes to the hospital  finds.
Juno has given birth  and comforts Juno as she cries.
Vanessa comes.
Where she joyfully claims the newborn boy.
Vanessa has framed Juno s note.
Reads  Vanessa  If you re still  I m still in.
-- Juno.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Blue Monroe is a 16-year-old juvenile offender.
Who is dying.
Dr Michael Reynolds is Blue s rich  self-absorbed oncologist.
The patient discovers.
He has only a month to live and decides to escape.
He kidnaps Dr Reynolds and forces him to drive to visit a mountain lake sacred to the Navajo people.
The trip forces both to confront their sense-of-self and life choices.
<EOS>
Mr Badii  a middle-aged man  drives.
He offers a large amount.
Badii reveals.
He plans to kill himself and has already dug the grave.
He needs someone to throw earth  after his death.
He does not discuss.
He wants to commit suicide.
His first recruit is a young  shy Kurdish soldier.
Who refuses to do the job and flees.
His second recruit is an Afghan seminarist.
Who also declines because he has religious objections.
The third is an Azeri taxidermist.
He is willing to help Badii  he reveals.
He needs the money  but tries to talk him out of it.
He too wanted to commit suicide a long time ago but chose to live when he tasted mulberries.
The Azeri promises to throw earth.
He finds him dead.
That night  Badii lies.
A thunderstorm begins.
The film ends with camcorder footage of Kiarostami and the film crew filming Taste of Cherry.
<EOS>
Louie is singing the song Louie the Lout in the old west to the boys in the Sweet Shop.
All arrives on horseback and Louie hides from him in the back of the store.
The man identifies himself.
West where Louie is wanted.
The boys tell the sheriff.
He leaves.
Louie comes out and tells them the story of and lived in Hangman s Hollow he.
When he was a younger man.
His partner  Pete Briggs  discovered gold.
He then tells them.
He was framed and fled to the city.
He then shows them a map.
Where the gold is hidden.
The boys decide to go out west to clear Louie s name and help him give Pete s share.
They make a copy.
They are ambushed.
Sach unwittingly shows the map.
Indian Joe then heads back.
The boys are to clear Louie s name and claim the gold.
Meanwhile Gabe   has gotten.
Who Slip sent ahead.
Eventually the boys capture Blackjack and have him confess the murder.
Slip hits Sach.
As everyone is about to collect the gold and live happily ever.
We learn.
It was all Sach s dream.
<EOS>
Smoking and No Smoking are two segments.
Are based.
The original plays covered eight separate stories.
Have been pared down for these movies.
The five female characters and the four male characters have their lives skillfully recapped in terms of.
What might have happened if they had made or failed to make certain choices.
No Smoking focuses chiefly on the relationship between the mild-mannered Miles Coombes and his infinitely more aggressive and ambitious wife  Rowena.
The narrator is voiced.
<EOS>
A popular dance hall girl  Duchess  joins.
Seeking refuge  the Duchess and the Dirtwater Fox join a wagon train of Mormons.
They encounter snakes  rapids  horseback pursuits through towns.
Even getting tied up.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
When an expedition finds a buried egg that they take to the ship.
The egg hatches  revealing a crystal and a slimy creature.
Hides. 
They all die.
The astronauts decided to use the crystal.
When their air supply runs out.
Two months later another expedition comes.
They end up stranded.
When their shuttle explodes.
A mysterious creature starts to kill them all.
When they start to explore the ship.
It takes control.
Then.
It discovered - all the killings  it explains  were just misunderstandings  the creature was afraid of the humans.
The humans are not as belligerent as it first thought.
It repairs the ship and helps the humans to get home.
<EOS>
They spend a weekend together.
Where they sleep together.
Darcy becomes pregnant.
They announce the news.
Who was abandoned and brought up Darcy alone.
Respectively  they urge the young couple to have an abortion or give up the baby.
Darcy plans to have the abortion  but does nt go  to Stan s relief.
The kids announce their plans to keep the baby  causing a break between them and their parents.
They rent a decrepit apartment and get married.
Darcy drops out of high school but works toward her GED.
Prom is interrupted   Darcy suffers from post-partum depression  unable to even hold her daughter.
Baby Thea is healthy.
Stan struggles to pay the bills.
Only  does she break.
When Darcy hears an intruder and picks up her baby protectively.
Stan sacrifices his Caltech scholarship.
There is no married housing.
The bills pile up.
Stan takes a second  dead-end job.
The couple finally moves.
Alienates Stan and Darcy  and causes Stan to start drinking heavily.
Local vixen Michaela informs Darcy.
She enlists Stan s best friend Chris.
Unfortunately  the plan entails throwing out Stan and annulling the marriage.
Stan reconciles  but is heartbroken over the split with Darcy.
Stan arrives to inform Darcy.
He has applied to University of Wisconsin-Madison for them both.
Darcy lets slip her role.
Chris and Stan chases as she drives away.
Darcy realizes.
She returns.
They reconcile  remarking Thea will have a very early curfew and will not be allowed.
She turns.
<EOS>
Lee Prewitt  a bugler  is transferred to a rifle outfit  Company G  at Schofield Barracks on the island of Oahu.
He recommends.
When Captain Dana Dynamite Holmes learns.
Prewitt join the regimental boxing club that he heads  and promises that Prewitt will be promoted  if he helps win the boxing trophy on December.
Prewitt refuses.
He keeps silent.
Holmes retaliates.
Possible. 
He will give in.
Unable to break Prewitt s spirit  Holmes orders First Sergeant Milton Warden to prepare court martial papers.
Warden  however  knowing and realizing  suggests.
Prewitt is a career soldier.
He try to entice Prewitt to change his mind.
The other non-commissioned officers assist.
Prewitt is supported only.
Meanwhile  Warden begins an affair.
Sergeant Maylon Stark has told Warden.
Karen had many affairs  including with him.
Warden asks Karen to test her sincerity with him.
Their relationship develops.
Karen relates.
Holmes has been unfaithful.
She miscarried one night.
When Holmes came back drunk  and unable to assist her to the hospital  resulting in her not being able to bear any more children.
She then affirms her genuine love.
Prewitt and Maggio spend their liberty time.
Where Prewitt meets and falls.
Prewitt confides to Lorene the reason.
He refuses for the company is that he blinded Dixie Wells  a close friend while sparring.
Maggio encounters Sergeant Judson.
The two nearly come.
When Maggio complains that Judson s piano playing is interfering.
Maggio is told.
Judson is the Sergeant.
Later   Judson sees Maggio holding a photograph of his family.
Judson makes a rude comment.
Judson pulls a switchblade.
Warden  sitting  intervenes to save Maggio by telling Judson.
Killing Maggio would create two weeks for him.
Warden breaks a beer bottle and uses the jagged edge as a weapon.
When Judson advances with the knife.
Judson retreats  throws down his knife and goes.
Warden states   he would prefer two Camp Fire Girls over Judson and Maggio.
However  Judson warns Maggio.
He would be there waiting.
Karen tells Warden.
They could return and marry.
Warden is not keen  but agrees to consider the matter.
Prewitt manages a weekend pass  courtesy  and goes to meet Lorene.
Who is too busy to talk.
However  she meets him later.
He tells Lorene his prized possession  a bugle mouthpiece.
He loves the Army  and shows Lorene.
Prew tells her the honor  being selected to play Taps at Arlington National Cemetery on Armistice Day with the President in attendance.
Maggio then walks  explaining.
He was assigned to guard duty that night  but deserted his post.
Lorene encourages Prewitt to take Maggio back.
Military Police arrive and arrest Maggio.
Prewitt is calling.
He is sentenced.
Matters come.
When Sergeant Galovitch picks a fight on yard detail.
The two come.
Galovitch repeatedly pummels Prewitt   and then resorts to using only body blows.
Who initially refuses to fight back.
But  Prewitt s fighting side.
Galovitch and others watching continue taunting him.
Prewitt comes close.
Holmes finally steps and stops the fight.
Holmes is about to punish Prewitt again.
When Galovitch falsely accuses Prewitt.
The man says that it was Galovitch  not Prewitt  who was spoiling for the fight.
But  Holmes abruptly lets him off the hook and disperses the crowd.
The entire incident is witnessed.
Who orders an investigation.
When Holmes  true intentions are revealed.
The commander s aide suggests.
When Holmes begs.
Holmes resign his commission and leave the Army  which the general accepts with dispatch.
Holmes  replacement  Captain Ross  verbally reprimands the others involved  and then orders Sergeant Galovitch s demotion and put in charge of the latrine.
Maggio manages to escape and find Prewitt and dies in his arms after telling of the abuse.
He suffered in the stockade.
The following night Prewitt plays taps down his cheeks.
Seeking revenge  Prewitt tracks down Judson and invites him into a back alley to talk  then attacks him using the very same switchblade.
Judson had pulled.
Prewitt kills Judson  but not before sustaining a serious stomach wound.
Prewitt runs and goes into hiding at Lorene s apartment.
His platoon sergeant carries him present for three days at Warden s direction.
Lorene   tends.
Whose real name is Alma.
Prewitt  still weak  finds out about the attack  and attempts to return to camp under cover of darkness  but is shot dead by a sentry.
When the Japanese attack Pearl Harbor.
Warden identifies the body  laments Prewitt s stubbornness and states the irony.
Because  the boxing tournament is cancelled.
However  he tells the other soldiers.
Prewitt was and that he loved the army more that any man I know.
Holmes  resignation results.
She realizes.
When she finds out that Warden failed to apply.
They will never be together.
Lorene and Karen meet on a ship leaving for the mainland.
Karen then tosses two leis.
She tells Alma  There s a legend   you ll return.
They float to shore.
You ll never return.
They float out.
Alma says  telling Karen  he was awarded the Silver Star  they sent it.
She will never return.
Her fiance was an Army Air Corps pilot killed during the attack.
She wrote me.
She wanted me to have it.
They are very fine people  Southern people.
He was named.
Robert E.
Lee  Prewitt.
Karen recognizes Prewitt s name.
Lorene holds Prewitt s treasured bugle mouth piece.
<EOS>
Riddick  Jack  and Imam are picked up by a ship.
They quickly discover.
It s a mercenary ship.
Riddick attempts to conceal his identity by impersonating William J.
They quickly voice-print and identify him.
Captured  the trio of survivors discover.
Their captors have unusual plans.
The ship s owner  Antonia Chillingsworth  collects criminals.
Whom she freezes and keeps.
They are alive and conscious.
The criminals are frozen.
Is the ultimate masterpiece for her collection.
Riddick  Jack  and Imam must fight their way at her disposal.
They will meet a fate crueler.
Riddick is pursued much by Toombs and his mercenarys/bounty hunters.
Mercenary soldiers are kept.
They are needed.
They are released to confront Riddick and company.
Jack has important character development.
She discovers her violent side.
This discovery is clearly a source as the three escape from the mercenary ship.
Riddick decides to deliver both Jack and Imam  leaving them behind.
<EOS>
Amal is the wife.
Who manages a textile factory.
One day  she receives a threatening letter directed.
The letter reveals  he killed a teller to steal the factory s money.
Ahmed committed a murder.
Amal remembers.
Her husband had come.
Weeks later had restored his money.
One meets Amal and confirms.
What the letter said  claiming that he witnessed the crime.
<EOS>
Puru and Amritha are a married couple.
They behave.
They like each other but quarrel sometimes.
She is a spendthrift.
He is a miser.
She wants a child to build a family.
He wants to build a house.
The film follows their trials and tribulations.
They navigate the difficult world.
The film also has a strong social message and speaks without a large family inside it.
Amitabh Bachchan makes a guest appearance.
<EOS>
The story is.
Enjoys life.
He sang and dance  showing off his beautiful tail to everyone.
Autumn would come.
The other animals are busy preparing food for the winter.
The bird continues to live life leisurely.
The winter would come instantly.
The bird is now homeless without preparation.
To warm up  he found a random wild fire.
The bird accidentally burned his tail and also lost his singing voice.
The bird is no longer beautiful and is known as the black crow.
<EOS>
The day  played by Boris Hvoshnyansky  learns of the bride Susanna.
He has a rival - voluptuous Count Almaviva  played.
Earl intends to use the old right and to steal from the lovers their happiness.
The case becomes more complicated - Marceline claims her love for Figaro as well  requiring a considerable amount of money to return and marry her.
Figaro uses infinitely jealousy count.
The reason becomes innocent infatuation by Kerubino young countess  page.
Who played.
A whole series leads finally to all the love and harmony.
Figaro gets his parents and wife.
The Earl once again loves his Rosine.
Small Cherubin successfully avoided serving.
<EOS>
Hu Te et al.
Escape the burning Shaolin temple.
The Qing soldiers destroyed it.
The group decide to develop secret codes to identify fellow patriots  enlist those patriots and eventually meet up again to escape to the south away from the Qings  and also identify the traitor.
Who sold.
Ma Fu Yi  joins the Qing top fighters to eliminate the rebels but is exposed.
Who gets captured.
Hu meets up.
Bandits to rescue Ma as their leader is killed.
Suffering continuous defeats fu experts  the 5 patriots return to the Shaolin temple ruins to perfect their kung fu and take revenge for their destroyed temple and dead comrades.
<EOS>
A chimney sweep disguises during the Nazi occupation.
The heroic and mischievous black-clad Springer.
Defying the curfew  is capable.
He taunts the occupying German army sentries and the Gestapo.
<EOS>
Tamil Nadu lives a wealthy man named Raja Rathnam Pillai.
He marries Muthu Lakshmi Ammal.
That the child will not grow up without the love and care of a mother.
Unknown  Muthu Lakshmi already has a son.
Whom she calls.
Muthu knocks at the door of Raja Rathnam Pillai  demanding.
He be shown his mother.
He takes Muthu  giving him love  affection and a new name  Rajamanikyam.
Raja Rathnam comes to know the truth.
Muthu returns the favour duly  and leaves the village.
When Raja Rathnam s son ends up killing one  he takes the blame.
Several years later  Raja Rathnam s two grown-up children  Rajaselvam and Rani Rathnam  start fighting.
Rajaselvam  aided also notches up a plot to frame his own father in a murder case.
Raja Rathnam is arrested  but dies of a heart attack while being taken to prison.
The two siblings call the family lawyer to read out Raja Rathnam s will in public.
But  they find.
Control have been given to a cattle dealer in Bellary  known by the name of Bellary Raja.
They fail to recognize.
Bellary Raja is none other.
Forms the rest.
Rajamanikyam returns to unite the warring siblings.
Rajaselvam and Rani Rathnam realise.
Bellary Raja is actually their stepbrother.
They try all.
They can to thwart him  so that they can regain control.
But Bellary Raja never falls.
He uses educated Raju to stabilize the assets and prevents it from getting into the hands of his siblings  thereby preserving it.
Raja effectively uses the help to restore order in the establishment.
Towards the end get into an argument.
Turns. 
Simon Nadar   betrays.
Who wants to harm Rajaselvam.
Him and he is held.
Rajamanikyam comes  pays the required amount of money to release Rajaselvam  and takes him home.
Where both settle their old enmities.
The movie ends  Now I have both eyes  signifying Raju and Rajasel.
When Rajamanikyam  who is half-blind  says.
<EOS>
A romantic ghost story.
Who move after their mother.
A college professor decides to teach English Literature at an Italian University in Genova.
He is accompanied.
The trio occupies a flat and soon adapt to the local way of life  taking day trips to the beach and hiring an Italian tutor in musical composition.
The elder daughter begins secretly dating a local Italian teenager  surreptitiously making dates behind her father s back.
The younger daughter remains close  and still deals with painful memories of her mother s death.
Herself a passenger.
When her mother was killed she was directly responsible and remains.
The Professor   has to deal balancing his re-emergent love life.
Enjoying life.
Also. 
One romantic interest is a colleague.
Whom he shared a brief romantic relationship back when both were students.
The colleague tries to get close  helping with translation and their day-to-day needs in Genova  but crossing the thin line between good advice and intrusion in their private ways in the process.
Another romantic interest is a young Italian student.
She is brash and idealistic and quickly makes her intentions known.
Matters come one day.
When the professor makes a lunch date  simultaneously spurning his much older colleague.
The eldest daughter gets and is forced to hitch a ride home from the beach.
Meanwhile the youngest daughter is left to walk home alone and instead follows an apparition of her late mother across a busy intersection  almost killing herself and causing yet another car crash  but luckily a minor one.
The movie ends beginning their studies at a local Italian secondary school  eager to start a new chapter as a family  having already learned a great deal about family  love  and mourning  on the colourful streets of Genova.
<EOS>
S.
Marshals  Edward Teddy Daniels and his new partner  Chuck Aule  travel.
A storm prevents their return to the mainland for several days.
Daniels finds the staff confrontational  the lead psychiatrist  Dr John Cawley  refuses to hand over records  Solando s doctor  Dr Sheehan  had left on vacation after her disappearance.
They are barred and told.
The lighthouse has already been searched.
Daniels starts having migraine headaches  waking visions  and disturbing dreams of his wife  Dolores Chanal.
Who was killed.
Chanal tells Daniels.
Solando is still  as is Laeddis.
Daniels later explains to Aule.
Locating Laeddis was an ulterior motive.
They find.
Daniels and Aule continue their investigation.
Solando has been found.
Daniels decides to break into Ward C  and eventually meets George Noyce  another patient.
Noyce warns Daniels  and sends the incurable to be lobotomized.
Ashecliffe is performing questionable experiments.
Noyce asserts.
Daniels leaves.
Everyone  including Aule  is playing in a game designed for Daniels.
Daniels regroups.
They make their way  but  they become separated.
They attempt to traverse the cliffs.
Daniels finds a woman hiding  claiming to be the real Rachel Solando.
The woman asserts.
She was a former psychiatrist until she discovered the experiments with psychotropic medication in an attempt to develop mind control techniques.
She was committed.
When she attempted to alert the authorities.
Leaving the woman  Daniels finds no sign  and returns to the hospital.
Dr Cawley claims.
Daniels arrived alone.
Determined but confused  Daniels returns and breaks into it.
He finds Dr Cawley waiting for him.
Cawley explains.
Daniels is really Andrew Laeddis  incarcerated.
The events of the past several days have been designed to break Laeddis  conspiracy-laden insanity by allowing him to play out the role of Daniels  an anagram of his name.
The hospital staff   were part of the test.
The migraines were withdrawal symptoms.
Laeddis suffered.
The memory briefly returns to Laeddis.
He passes out.
Laeddis awakes  under watch of Dr Cawley and Sheehan.
Laeddis can provide the details.
When questioned.
He killed his wife  stating that he is responsible by not getting help for his wife  which satisfies the doctors as a sign of progression.
Laeddis had quickly regressed.
The doctor further warns.
This will be Laeddis  last chance.
Some time later  Laeddis relaxes with Dr Sheehan  and begins talking to him again as US Marshal Daniels and saying.
They need to expose the conspiracy to the world.
Recognizing this  Dr Cawley orders Laeddis to the lighthouse to be lobotomized   Laeddis asks Dr Sheehan .
He is taken away.
Would be worse.
<EOS>
Hortense  a nurse  abandons her family to be with her lover  Jean-Paul  an oyster cultivator in the Arcachon Bay.
Her husband  Mali  60  sexist and as traditional  feels his world crumbling around him.
Can be.
He s suddenly alone  aged 12 and.
And  he brutally discovers.
That were nt enough.
His elder son  Dani  24  is gay.
The unexpected arrival  of Myriam  the lonely neighbor  and of Mama Afoue with her sister-in-law  Abiyan  will make things accelerate drastically.
<EOS>
An international drug-smuggling racket plants heroin.
That the dope can pass undetected.
Two psychopathic killers and their driver Richard Jaeckel then collect the contraband.
Warner Anderson reprises his role as Lieutenant Ben Guthrie from the TV series.
However  Tom Tully s character  Inspector Matt Grebb  is replaced.
<EOS>
Mike is hired to protect Chris Jameson  an old flame.
Who he has nt seen.
Chris heads up an all female high-risk courier agency.
Has become tied up involving high-stakes bribes by an American helicopter manufacturer to a corrupt General in Central America.
Chris nonetheless drops dead.
He has a 19-year-old daughter who is caught and might already be dead.
Screenwriter Bill Stratton was awarded the Edgar  the first time any Spillane-inspired material was ever given the MWA s top award.
<EOS>
Julio Madiaga is a probinciano.
Who arrives.
Julio would pass by the corner of Ongpin and Misericordia.
He stares from a distance.
He has to work.
Pursuing his quest.
Order to survive the conditions.
Julio lands a job as a construction worker.
Being not used  he at one point falls unnconscious due to fatigue.
He befriends Atong  a fellow construction worker.
Who has been employed.
A co-worker advises Julio.
Metropolitan life is quite difficult unless one has the income to enjoy living off the comforts.
Julio begins to slowly observe the harsh reality  even witnessing the accidental death of one of the workers.
One day   a fat lady dressed catches Julio s attention.
Julio and Atong are shopping.
Julio immediately runs and attempts to follow this woman.
He successfully locates the woman and approaches her.
However   the lady yells.
He could even say anything.
Julio instantly flees.
Order to prevent a scene to be made.
Julio runs back.
Both leave the area  much to Atong s chagrin.
Eventually  the construction is nearing completion.
It is natural.
Order to lessen the number.
A handful are laid off from work.
Julio is one.
Julio gets slowly overwhelmed.
His time becomes much longer.
Julio sees a waitress being abused and berated by her employer.
Having coffee.
This leaves Julio all somber.
Julio would often reminisce of his simple life in the province.
Julio once again visits the street corner.
He would frequent.
He then catches a glimpse by the lit window.
Julio can not believe  addressing her.
What he saw and immediately calls out.
But his call was not heard.
He can see.
The room is already dark.
The scene then abruptly cuts having a conversation with a friend.
His friend asks Julio.
He is looking.
Then   Julio finally tells his story in full narrative.
Both Julio and his girlfriend Ligaya shared a happy life together.
However  the idyllic moments have been interrupted however.
When a fat lady wearing sunglasses  arrives.
The fat lady is Mrs Cruz.
Whom Julio describes as obese.
Cruz handles a brothel and happens to look for young women to recruit.
She takes a keen interest.
Who is referred to as the most beautiful woman in their community  to work for her.
Cruz asks the consent to work in Manila  promising a great opportunity for her and a very high salary  as well.
Ligaya   accepts the offer.
Who is reluctant to go.
Order to help her family live a better life.
The community bid her farwell.
Ligaya is ready to board the boat that will take her offshore.
Julio   does not join the others and instead distants himself from a far vantage.
Ligaya sees Julio  and likewise.
The latter is deeply hurt to even approach her.
She then gets.
That is the last time.
Julio will ever see Ligaya.
Regretting the actions  Julio travels.
He did.
Order to search.
As soon  he was looking everywhere.
Julio arrived.
Then one day  Julio happened at Mrs Cruz walking by some street.
Julio followed her.
She stopped to Ongpin and Misericordia.
Julio seemed curious  so he entered the building one time.
He wounds up upon a large unit there.
He checks to see.
People are.
An old woman responds and asks.
Who is he looking.
Julio tells the woman that he is looking.
The old woman claims and asks the other person guarding the place  an old man.
He knows Ligaya.
The old man becomes hostile and denies.
He even knows and slams the door.
Hence  this is the reason.
Julio poses  to keep a look out for Ligaya  if ever she leaves the building.
Julio has encountered a lot in Manila  having been prone to being victimized by the city s scum.
To make matters worse  he finds out.
His best friend  Atong  had been arrested and has died in jail.
Atong s sister  Perla  later goes missing.
Their father dies.
Julio continues looking and learns from Imo.
Who now has generated good income.
The girl is now.
Julio gets robbed of most of his belongings including his most treasured diary.
Slowly  Julio develops a cynical demeanor.
He gradually loses hope.
One day  however  Julio finally reunites after many years of being away from each other.
They both spend the night together.
Julio learns  ending up as a recruit in a prostitution ring under the authority of Ah Tek  a corrupt Chinese businessman.
She had been tricked.
Ligaya further explains.
She is now the mother and how she has become disillusioned with how her life is going.
Julio  feeling the same sentiment  proposes.
They are to meet by midnight and leave Manila together.
Ligaya is initially reluctant.
Ah Tek might find out.
Julio promises her.
He will wait three more hours.
Ligaya then agrees.
Julio patiently waits for Ligaya until the wee hours of the morning  only for the latter not to show up.
Thinking  this saddens Julio.
Ligaya broke her promise.
He returns.
Pol  being aware.
Depressed his friend is.
Julio complies.
Pol tries to lighten the mood but fails to do.
As the two are dining.
As Julio is still quite depressed.
Pol gives up and reluctantly breaks the news.
Ligaya is dead.
Julio does not want to believe it.
Pol hands him a copy.
Julio learns.
Ligaya died.
The two later visits the funeral parlor and pay their respects.
Where Ligaya s wake is being held.
Julio  dealing  transforms from a meek and kind-hearted boy into a bitter and vengeful man.
Julio and Pol view Ligaya s burial from afar.
Only a few people   are in attendance for the last rites.
Julio spots a peculiar Chinese man standing next.
Julio assumes this to be Ah Tek.
Pol consoles Julio  advising him to let the matter go and leave the burial peaceful.
One night  Julio   approaches the brothel with the intention of killing Ah Tek.
Who is bent.
The moment  Julio successfully stabs Ah Tek.
He arrives.
A mob quickly gathers and runs.
Eventually  Julio is cornered.
The mob is ready to beat him up.
The screen freezes.
<EOS>
The film puts the scanner  teeming with life.
It deals.
Are real  contemporary  and quite complex.
The film revolves.
Is Arjun.
Who is excavating riches.
He wants to be successful.
He moves around  uses state-of-the-art phones  and flirts with the telemarketing ladies.
He has a full-fledged affair.
Though he is preparing to be engaged.
There is Ansari.
Who lives and works in a supermarket doing odd jobs that include cleaning toilets  sweeping floors  and being an errand boy for his supervisor.
He is diminutive  almost a dwarf and looks.
He is carrying the weight.
His lifestyle is frugal and unchanging.
A major chunk goes home by old fashioned money orders.
Ansari has a soft corner.
She reciprocates his feelings.
The film reaches.
A turning point the moment Sonia learns that Arjun is getting engaged.
A fight occurs.
He forgets to take his cell phone.
Slips out.
The phone accidentally reaches the hands.
He keeps that.
Arjun gets upset.
The phone contains some intimate video clips.
Arjun tries to recover it.
Arjun is afraid.
The finder upload them.
Arjun makes several calls.
Ansari always turns it off.
Arjun gets terribly frustrated.
Finally  Ansari attends a call  but not ready to give the phone back.
Ansari undergoes a total change after the phone incident.
Nafeeza notices it.
Ansari opens up.
Realizing the seriousness  Nafiza asks Ansari to return the phone to its rightful owner.
Meanwhile  the phone s battery runs out.
Ansari is financially incapable.
So he takes the phone.
This is the turning point.
The shop owner uploads the video onto YouTube.
It affects Arjun s marriage.
It spreads.
Arjun is shown to be regretful.
When she allowed him to record their intimate moments.
Sonia too finds out.
It s a long winding chase.
Arjun embarks on  since Ansari soon gets intoxicated that he derives from being in charge.
The climatic confrontation is all the more vicious and bloody.
They literally try to tear each other apart.
Finally settling down and resignedly going their separate ways.
Sonia   decides to leave town.
Whose intimate video clips are all.
Arjun finds out and is seen seeking her out.
He s all bruised.
The film leaves them.
He treated Sonia  and a possible reconciliation.
The movie ends.
Who mock him.
<EOS>
Told by a professor in an interview with a newspaper reporter  this is the story of The Stooges as traveling salesmen trying their best to sell their Miracle Reducing Machine.
Essentially shakes and rattles off the pounds.
The boys stumble the inventor.
Luck would have it.
Who assumes the Stooges are the new caretakers.
Graves is to Washington  D.
C.
To test his new death ray machine.
Leaves his eerie spooky mansion.
Naturally  spies disguised show up.
Graves departs.
The Stooges are the entire time.
Because mysterious cream pies come flying out.
<EOS>
An angel wonders.
Love can be Heaven in this family-themed romantic fantasy.
Rev.
Henry Biggs is the pastor.
Biggs is devoted  but things are not easy  membership is down  money is tight  the furnace is broken.
Real estate mogul Joe Hamilton wants to buy the property and put up condominiums.
The strain is taking its toll to his childhood sweetheart Julia.
He prays to the Lord for help.
The prayer is answered  an angel sent to earth to assist Biggs.
The preacher does nt believe.
Dudley is a divine being.
He ll take any help.
He can get.
Julia  who thinks that Dudley is just another community volunteer  welcomes him.
However  Dudley is sidetracked.
When he finds himself falling with Julia.
<EOS>
Rusty Sabich is a prosecutor and the right-hand man.
Raymond insists.
When his colleague Carolyn Polhemus is found raped and murdered.
Rusty take charge.
The election is approaching.
Tommy Molto  the acting head  has left to join the rival campaign of Nico Della Guardia.
Rusty  a married man  faces a conflict.
He had an affair.
She dumped him.
When he showed little ambition  and would therefore be to her career.
He has since made up  but is still obsessed with Carolyn.
Detective Greer is initially.
Sabich has him replaced.
Whom he persuades to narrow the inquiry so that his relationship is left out.
Rusty soon realizes.
Molto is making his own inquiries.
Aspects suggest accordingly.
The killer knew police evidence-gathering procedures and covered it up.
Semen has been found but contains only dead sperm.
The killer s blood type was A  the same.
He and Molto accuse Rusty and push to get evidence against him.
When Nico wins the election.
They have Rusty s fingerprints.
Fibers match.
Those found.
Lipranzer is removed uncover the affair.
Rusty calls.
Who agrees to take the case.
It is revealed.
The beer glass is missing.
This was a crucial piece.
Sandy persuades Judge Larren Lyttle to keep this.
Raymond testifies and perjures himself  claiming.
Rusty insisted.
Rusty discovers.
Carolyn had acquired a file.
The probation officer was Molto.
Who set the whole thing up was Carolyn and the deputy prosecutor.
The thrust is.
Molto and Nico have set Rusty up.
Lipranzer tracks.
He reveals.
The official who took the bribe was.
It is revealed.
Carolyn had undergone a tubal ligation  making it impossible for her to become pregnant.
She would have no reason to use the spermicidal contraceptive.
Was found.
Sandy asserts.
The only explanation is that the fluid sample was not actually taken from Carolyn s body.
The fluid sample was rendered meaningless.
Judge Lyttle dismisses the charges.
Sandy admits.
He and Raymond knew Lyttle was taking bribes.
Carolyn was his courier.
Lyttle offered his resignation.
Raymond believed and should be given another chance.
He was a brilliant judge.
Lipranzer reveals to Rusty.
He has the beer glass  which he never returned.
Molto signed it and   he kept it.
Returned when it was still at the lab.
When it was returned.
Rusty throws the beer glass.
Some time later  Rusty comes on it and realizes.
They are Carolyn s.
He confronts his wife  and  referring in the third person  she relates.
She committed the crime.
She assumed.
It would be filed  not anticipating he would be charged with the murder.
He says.
The murder has been written off as unsolved.
<EOS>
A little girl is shown the stars in the winter sky by her mother.
Who identifies the Christmas Eve star.
A little girl is shown one of the first leaves of spring by her mother.
Who points out the fine veins running through.
A young Polish woman named.
Weronika is singing when a sudden downpour causes the singers to rush for cover.
Weronika alone continues to hold the last note.
The rain falls.
Weronika meets her boyfriend  Antek.
They go.
The next day she asks her father to tell Antek.
She is leaving to be.
She tells him.
Lately she feels she s not alone.
Weronika travels to Krakow looking out at the passing landscape through a small clear rubber ball.
Weronika talks about her boyfriend  then meets a friend at a concert rehearsal.
Weronika   accompanies them in a beautiful high soprano voice.
Who is watching offstage.
Afterwards  the musical director asks her to audition.
Overjoyed  Weronika rushes home.
She passes through Main Market Square.
Where a protest rally is.
One protester runs  causing her to drop her music folder.
Weronika notices a French tourist taking photos of the protestors -- a young woman.
Who looks exactly.
Weronika smiles.
She watches her double board the tourist bus that soon pulls away.
Weronika s singing impresses the musical director and conductor  and is later told.
She won the audition.
The next day   Weronika notices her boyfriend Antek.
Studying the score.
She apologizes.
When they talk.
Antek tells her.
He loves her.
Later   Weronika presses her face and sees an old woman with shopping bags slowly making her way along the street.
Getting dressed.
That night   Weronika collapses onstage and dies -- her spirit passing over the audience.
Singing a solo part.
That day  a young French woman named.
Veronique   is overwhelmed with sadness  as if she were grieving.
The next day.
Where she teaches music.
Who breaks her leg and then turns.
That night  she sees the puppeteer.
Driving home.
Later she is awakened with no one speaking.
She hears a choir singing the music of Van den Budenmayer.
The next day  Veronique drives.
Where she reveals she is she does nt know  and that recently she felt she was alone -- that someone was gone from her life.
Back  Veronique receives a mysterious letter containing a shoelace.
She throws away.
That night she is awakened.
Veronique retrieves the mysterious shoelace.
Later  she holds the shoestring across the graph paper in a straight line.
Veronique learns.
The puppeteer is a children s book author named Alexandre Fabbri  whose marionette story was based.
One is about a shoelace.
Veronique reads several of Alexandre s books.
He gives her a package addressed.
When Veronique visits her father.
She listens by Van den Budenmayer.
When she s alone.
There are also sounds.
The postage stamp leads Veronique to a Gare Saint-Lazare train station cafe.
Where she believes the cassette recording was made.
There she sees Alexandre sitting  as if waiting for her.
He tells her.
He s been waiting for two days  that he s working on a new book  and that this was a kind of experiment to see if she would come to him.
Angered  Veronique leaves and takes a taxi to a nearby hotel  After checking in  she sees Alexandre.
Who apparently ran.
He asks.
She brings him up.
Where they both fall asleep.
He wakes her up and tells her he loves her.
They make love.
The next morning she tells him  All my life.
I ve felt like I was here and somewhere else.
She assures him it is not her.
She took the photo -- of a young Polish woman carrying a music folder.
Veronique crumples the proof sheet and breaks down.
Alexandre comforts.
Her and they make love again.
Veronique sees Alexandre working on a new marionette with her image.
Alexandre explains  I handle them a lot.
When asked.
When I perform.
They get damaged easily.
He shows her.
To work the one marionette while the double lays lifeless.
Some time later  Alexandre reads his new book to Veronique about two women  born the same day.
Who have a mysterious connection.
Later that day  Veronique arrives  stops at the front gate  and reaches out and touches an old tree.
Kieslowski added four brief shots to the end of the film showing Veronique s father emerging from the house and Veronique running across the yard to embrace him.
The final image is shot from inside the house through a window.
<EOS>
The movie begins to celebrate the new school year.
The witches are also there  and have pulled a prank on the fairies - the party food turns anyone.
Who eats it.
The Trix are there  and use this as a means of cover.
They try to steal the Compass.
However  the Winx catch them.
The two groups begin battling.
Darcy sneaks away to steal the Compass from Alfea.
Fighting. 
She soon returns.
The Trix disappear.
Meanwhile  Bloom is enjoying her life as princess.
However  she is soon overwhelmed.
Who make her realize how difficult life can be.
She sets it free.
The maids attempt to feed her a live goldfish.
Daphne  Bloom s ghostly sister  appears and attempts to cheer her up.
Afterward  Bloom s parents give her a horse named Peg.
She finds Sky  so the two go.
Out riding.
Sky proposes to Bloom.
The Trix report their success.
The younger witches then receive their next mission  to use the compass to find Pixie Village  and destroy the Tree.
Sky tells his father  Erendor.
Bloom accepted his proposal.
Erendor forbids him  telling his son.
Sparks suffered.
He offers no further explanation  giving Sky a sealed scroll instead.
The next morning  Bloom tells her parents.
Sky proposed.
The wedding planning begins.
However  later that night  Sky calls Bloom  telling her.
They ca nt get married.
Oritel hatches a plan to have Bloom married.
Does not sit well.
The rest find out  through a news show.
Bloom is engaged.
Upset  they travel to see her.
They were nt told.
Meanwhile  Sky attempts to get  but is unable to get past the guards.
The Winx  ask her.
Arrive and force their way  and  finding Bloom upset at her maids.
This is the part.
When it is revealed that Flora is the princess.
Bloom denies knowing anything.
When Oritel arrives and says he has gathered some.
None impress Bloom.
Sky  dressed  arrives.
Oritel sees  and bans him from Domino.
Sky can do any explaining.
Sky takes Bloom s horse and leaves.
Upset  the Winx leave.
Back  the Trix are using the Compass of Revealed Secrets to track down Pixie Village.
The Winx girls  pixies attempt to stop them  but fail and are attacked.
The Winx  now  feel this through their bond and pass out.
The Trix succeed.
The Winx discover the loss of their powers and are able to briefly speak with Faragonda.
The pixies have taken refugee.
The Winx are told to stay for the time being.
Oritel is furious.
Marion shows him Erendor s confession.
Elsewhere  the Winx settle on Earth.
However   Oritel and Marion visit Bloom s adoptive parents  Mike and Vanessa.
Out. 
Mike shows them a few home videos to give them a taste.
What her childhood was like.
Oritel decides to talk.
Meanwhile  Sky calls Bloom and tells her to meet him.
Bloom returns home  but loses her temper.
The Winx leave again.
The Ancestral Witches discover  so they send the Trix to go get it back.
Some positive energy still remains  and remember giving Erendor an hourglass.
The Winx meet up with the Specialists.
The twelve board a flying ship.
Will take them.
Sky explains.
What his father did that caused so much tension.
Erendor allowed the witches to attack Domino.
The Company was away  in exchange for Eraklyon s safety.
The witches then gave him the hourglass.
Would serve should they destroy Domino.
Erendor broke the hourglass in remorse and released the Tree s pollen.
Took form that the Winx now seek.
The Winx and Specialists are attacked by evil hologram versions of themselves  created by the dark magic residue on Avram.
Eventually the holograms disappear the ship apart.
They manage to land safely and continue on foot.
Back  the Trix force Erendor to reveal the location of the Tree s magical flower.
The Winx make it.
Sky and Bloom are separated.
The buildings begin to close in.
Trying to find their friends.
The two fall  but land safely on another level.
The two are reunited each other and Peg.
The city begins to fall apart.
They manage to ride  finding the Tree s flower.
Meanwhile  the others are attacked.
Oritel arrives.
A fight begins.
Icy arrives  but is quickly called away by Belladona  the lead Ancestral Witch.
Icy takes Erendor and tosses him into a pit.
He is saved.
However  Icy blasts the two right back.
They grab a ledge.
Icy accidentally destroys the flower  releasing all the positive magic  causing the Winx to regain their powers and transform into Believix.
Trying to destroy Bloom.
Oritel and Erendor are also saved.
Peg eats some from the tree and sprouts wings and a horn  becoming a horned Pegasus.
The Trix are punished by having their bodies taken over by the Ancestral Witches  creating the self-titled Super Trix.
Bloom is knocked down.
Erendor takes the blow  saving Bloom but killing himself.
Prompted  the Winx use a convergence attack on their enemies  destroying the Ancestral Witches and severely weakening the Trix.
This final attack uses the last.
He uses this magic to revive Erendor.
Also brings the Tree back and returns Avram to its previous state.
The Winx  Specialists  Oritel and Erendor return home.
Who once again captured the Trix.
<EOS>
The film follows the rise and fall.
The family unraveled in the 1960s and.
Wealthy and capitalist.
Their home  once a French concession mansion  was converted.
Years later  the matriarch announces.
She is dying.
It becomes the first time.
When her four grown children return.
The family has been in decades.
<EOS>
A woman arrives to visit her estranged relatives in a small castle for the reading of her dead father s will  she eventually discovers.
They are all undead.
Her decision to live turns into a nightmare.
<EOS>
The film follows Marie  a shy farm girl  and her beloved donkey Balthazar.
The pair become separated.
Marie grows up.
The film traces both their fates  continually taking abuse from the people.
They live parallel lives.
They encounter.
The donkey has several owners.
Of whom exploit him  often.
He bears his suffering  becoming a saint in the process.
Balthazar and Marie often suffer.
But  Marie s fate remains unclear.
Whereas the donkey s is clear.
<EOS>
Benjamin Franklin Gates is a historian and amateur cryptologist  and the youngest descendant.
Riley Poole track down a Colonial ship.
Is trapped.
Aboard the ship they discover a meerschaum pipe engraved.
Ben connects.
Ben takes a stand.
When Ian reveals he will go to find this treasure including stealing the Declaration.
A fight ensues.
Spilled gunpowder is ignited.
Ian escapes the ship  leaving it to explode.
Ben and Riley are trapped inside but survive the explosion.
Return determined to stop Ian.
They dismiss their claims  considering the Declaration impossible to steal.
When Ben and Riley try to tell various authorities   and Dr Abigail Chase at the National Archives.
Ben and Riley concoct their own plan to steal the Declaration  and execute it.
Before Ian and his own team arrive.
Abigail  suspicious  becomes caught up with Ben and Riley.
They escape.
Ben s identity is tracked.
They are forced to go  much to Patrick s surprise and dismay.
Ben and Abigail find an Ottendorf cipher.
Using the riddle  they connect to the Silence Dogood letters.
Decoding the message  it points.
Where the Liberty Bell was  they then head 222 where the trio find a pair of spectacles with multiple colored lenses invented by Franklin that reveal additional clues on the back of the Declaration  Heere at the Wall.
The group is caught.
Riley and Abigail and the Declaration are caught.
Though they split up.
Agent Peter Sadusky captures Ben  still.
Ian   lures the FBI into a trap aboard the USS Intrepid  allowing them to grab Ben.
Holding Riley  Abigail  and Patrick hostage  Ian forces Ben to use the bifocals and find the next clue.
Leads the group.
They find an enormous shaft with an elevator system.
The shaft began to collapse a little but manage somehow.
When walking down the stairs.
They find.
A room lit only.
Ian and his men strand Ben  Riley  Abigail  and Patrick.
They ascend  unaware that Ben has purposely tricked them.
Ben pushes a button on the wall and opens a secret door to an empty room.
Patrick apologizes and admits himself.
The treasure is real.
Ben believes.
There s another way out and kept searching then found a strange keyhole and uses the pipe from the Charlotte to open yet another secret door to reveal the vast treasure trove  for which he has been searching his entire life  as well as a route to the surface.
Ben calls.
When the four ascend back.
Who reveals he is part.
Ben and Sadusky arrange a deal.
Identifying  Sadusky will clear all  the treasure will be distributed among museums throughout the world.
Where Ian and his men can be found.
The Gates family will receive credit.
Ian is captured at the Old North Church and charged with kidnapping  attempted murder  and trespassing on government property.
The film ends showing.
Ben chose to accept a 1 % finder s fee for himself and his team.
That is still enough to make him.
His friends quite wealthy  given is US $.
Ben s estimated value find.
Ben has begun a romantic relationship with Abigail and bought a mansion.
They will be living in.
Riley bought himself a Ferrari.
<EOS>
Oswald is spending some time with a girl beagle and a boy beagle.
The girl beagle plays the piano.
Oswald dances and sings the song It Ai nt Gon na Rain No Mo.
Taking the idea too literally  the boy beagle throws a set out the window  much to Oswald s annoyance.
They then notice water dripping.
To check the problem  the boy beagle brings a ladder and Oswald climbs.
Thinking more fun to create mischief  however  the boy beagle kicks and knocks down the ladder.
To help his friend.
Thus Oswald grabs and hangs.
Is very brittle.
The pipe breaks.
Large quantities pour in and flood the house.
The girl beagle was frightened and therefore takes shelter inside a grandfather clock.
She tries to come out but could not.
The clock was submerged.
Oswald then comes and tries to bail her out.
Enjoying the flooded indoors  the boy beagle rides and releases four fishes.
Who is still trying to free the other beagle still.
The fishes aggressively go in.
Oswald is disturbed.
Having enough disturbance  Oswald scares the fishes away.
A giant marlin did nt take his gesture too kindly.
The marlin began wrestling Oswald as well as stinging him.
Its nose strikes a wall instead  causing the big fish to become stuck and incapacitated.
When the marlin s attack suddenly misses Oswald.
Oswald uses this.
The marlin was able to break loose but without its nose.
Remained stuck.
Being  however  the treacherous boy beagle gives the big fish a saw.
The marlin saws a hole in the floor.
Starts to drain the water and anything nearby.
This move  however  backfired.
The marlin and the boy beagle were pulled.
Fortunately  Oswald was able to keep himself.
All the water disappears.
The girl beagle finally comes out and embraces her boyfriend.
<EOS>
The narrative is told.
This is likely inspired.
The video begins with shots of a peaceful but vacant village  overgrown with weeds  with the enormous concrete sarcophagus of a covered-over nuclear reactor in the background.
The scene changes nighttime military-style police raid on a cult.
The music begins.
Futuristic flying troop transports crash and occupied by armed defenders.
Anti-terrorist policemen exchange gunfire and grenades.
Whose hoods depict an enormous eye.
The police are victorious   two find.
They sort.
What appears to be a girl  lying unconscious.
The scene changes again  now.
Two men are driving an old Alfa Romeo.
One helps the girl up  she spreads her wings  he holds her hands.
She gains confidence.
She is airborne.
She seems hesitant and afraid.
He lets go.
The scene changes back.
Only at this point are the two men revealed to be the two.
The two men carefully carry her out and offer her something to drink  and are encouraged.
When she sips.
But a team arrives and quickly takes the girl away after placing her into a sterile container.
The two men are shown relaxing later  but thinking and looking somewhat morose -- haunted by the fate.
This girl will suffer.
The two plan -- they are shown working  then the pair wearing radiation suits and breaking into a laboratory and rescuing the girl.
This triggers the lab s alarms.
The three escape in an armored truck.
They drive along a narrow suspended roadway.
What appears to be a domed city built.
Police hovercrafts are.
One comes very low to the roadway right in front of the fugitives.
The resulting pressure tears down the roadway  sending the truck plummeting.
When the protagonists try to force their way.
The winged girl refuses to let go.
The three presumably fall to their deaths.
A brief montage follows  the discovery of the girl  the girl flying through a blue sky  the two men rescuing the girl from the laboratory and stealing the truck  the truck plummeting amidst the wreckage of the roadway.
But this time   the truck fires stabilising thrusters and makes a short flight.
If inexplicably the main characters had gotten a second chance.
The men and the girl escape  they are seen through a dark tunnel underneath signs  then finally they emerge into daylight  passing through a field of nuclear cooling towers and past a sign.
Bear radiation symbols and read Beware Not Guaranteed.
Reads Extreme Danger.
There are no other signs of life.
One helps the girl up.
The car speeds down the road.
She spreads her wings and gives them a grateful smile  he kisses her hand  and the other winks.
Soon  she is gone drifting upward.
Briefly  a major urban cityscape is seen.
We see the shape of the car veering off the road and slowing to a stop in the grass.
Hayao Miyazaki implies.
The two policemen might not be able to return  however  whether this is because of the authorities being on their trail or because of potential radioactive poisoning is unknown.
<EOS>
Separating city from ocean  lays a very special strip of land.
Set on one side and Signal Hill on the other  the Sea Point Promenade - and the public swimming pools in its centre - forms a space unlike any in Cape Town.
It is nowadays unique in its apparently easy mix of age  race  gender  religion  wealth status and sexual orientation.
Somehow this space has become one.
Where all South Africans feel they have a right to exist  and where the possibility does nt seem unfeasible.
What is the reality.
<EOS>
Colonel Cooper is a U.
S.
Airborne squadron commando imprisoned American soldiers.
Who comes to liberate.
He gets caught.
Where there are other airbornes as well as regular soldiers.
Action is set.
He   is to be sent to Hanoi and prosecuted by the North Vietnamese.
Camp commander Vinh gets an order to send him.
He offers Cooper a deal - he will help him get to the American sector and then Cooper  in return  would help him immigrate to the USA.
Where Vinh has family.
Cooper promptly disregards his proposition.
He s a tough soldier who would rather sacrifice his own life than help the enemy.
However Vinh is persistent persuading him  threatening  then all will die.
If he ll not accept his deal.
Cooper reconsiders Vinh s offer  and accepts the deal.
Prisoners must go with them.
Vinh  being short OK s the plan and.
They leave camp.
Their journey wo nt be.
They need to go.
<EOS>
Simone and Eddie  two predatory lenders  awaken with a caged-in scale  wearing head harnesses with screws poised to pierce their temples.
They are informed.
Whoever sets more flesh weight will survive.
Eddie cuts fat.
Simone chops off her entire left arm  killing Eddie.
Mark Hoffman is called to the scene of the opening trap by Dan Erickson.
Who found Peter Strahm s fingerprints.
He reveals   Erickson had kept her survival a secret.
Lindsey Perez is still alive.
They had not known who Jigsaw s accomplice was.
Hoffman meets with Jill Tuck at her clinic to inform her.
He is taking control.
Jill gives him five envelopes containing photos to be tested  left to her in the box from John Kramer s will.
John had previously brought Amanda Young.
Who had given up  as proof that his methods worked.
It is later shown.
John gave Jill the key plant just before he was killed.
William Easton  a health insurance executive  talks  Debbie  about Harold Abbott.
Who died after his insurance policy was revoked due to an application discrepancy.
He is kidnapped that night and brought to an abandoned zoo.
Awakens he breathes into an oxygen respirator.
Hank  his janitor and a smoker  is across from him.
A videotape tells William.
He has one hour to undergo four tests to remove bombs.
He will lose his family.
He is able to hold his breath longer.
Who is killed.
He must choose to save either Allen  his healthy but orphaned file clerk  or Addy  his diabetic secretary.
Who is surrounded.
His policy favors Allen.
He saves.
Addy and Allen is hanged when his platform retracts.
William is able to guide Debbie through a boiler room maze  only to learn through.
The key is stitched into his side.
She attacks him  but is killed.
When the device fires a spear.
William finds his six staff members chained to a spinning carousel.
A shotgun is set to fire one by one.
He can save two.
He chooses to save Emily and Shelby.
William s progress is viewed.
Who awaken below the observation room.
Pamela awakens.
Flashbacks reveal.
William and John met  and that John immediately found fault with William s methods  which essentially choose who lives or dies.
John later went for coverage for a Norwegian cancer treatment and was rejected.
Meanwhile  Hoffman is called away.
Who informs him that abnormalities were found  and that the Seth Baxter tape was retrieved.
The voice did not match Jigsaw s.
Erickson and Perez bring Hoffman.
Where a technician is unscrambling the voice.
Where Erickson reveals that he knows.
The moment Hoffman s voice is unscrambled  he kills everyone and then sets the room on fire to destroy the evidence.
He finds the letter  using the knowledge.
He had written to blackmail her into killing Lynn Denlon.
Amanda was the reason why Cecil Adams had robbed Jill s clinic.
The letter was left.
Who subdues Hoffman using an electric shock just as William reaches the end  finding himself between the two cages.
It is shown.
William and Pamela are siblings  while Tara and Brent are Harold s surviving family.
A videotape informs Tara.
She can either kill William or free him using a marked switch.
Brent angrily shifts the switch to Die.
When Tara is unable to do so.
William is killed.
When a platform pierces his back and pumps hydrofluoric acid into his body.
Jill restrains Hoffman and secures a newer Reverse Bear-trap  and then reveals.
There was a sixth envelope  which contained his photograph.
She leaves him  he escapes his restraints by breaking his hand  and escapes the trap by lodging it into the bars of the door s window  screaming.
His right cheek is torn open.
<EOS>
Set  veteran thief Keith Ripley recruits younger crook.
Gabriel Martin to help him pull off one final job in order to repay his debt.
Martin is unsure.
Ripley s goddaughter  Alexandra Korolenko   convinces him otherwise.
Who is also Victor s daughter.
Ripley does nt like that the two are getting close.
Ripley tells Martin the plan.
They are going to steal.
The two infiltrate a party posing as cops  with Ripley as Lt.
Weber  a cop.
Who has a particular vendetta  to gather information about their vault.
The Russian mob  led  grow impatient with Ripley and kidnap Alexandra  telling them.
She dies.
Martin reveals  leaves Ripley locked  while taking the eggs to the Russian mobster to free Alexandra.
When the duo get.
He is an undercover cop.
Martin is forced to meet.
Alexandra is released.
Who reveals that the eggs they have stolen are made.
Meanwhile  Weber and his squad enter the museum  but are detained due to Martin telling the guards.
He was a cop as he escaped.
Martin reports.
The police have picked up Nicky  only to learn that the man they have is nt the man Martin met  and that the man he met was actually Victor Korolenko  who had faked his death with Ripley s help.
Ripley later calls Martin  letting.
Him know that they knew Martin was a cop.
Martin later meets up.
Who remained  and who confesses that her feelings for him are real.
Martin decides to become a thief.
<EOS>
Previously inanimate objects start to show a murderous life.
The Earth passes.
A man tries to withdraw money from an ATM.
It instead calls him an asshole.
The carnage spreads.
Humans and even pets are brutally killed.
A waitress is injured by an electric knife and arcade machines in the back room electrocute another victim.
Employee and ex-convict is wrong.
Bill Robinson begins to suspect something.
When suddenly marauding big rig trucks  led  run down two individuals and trap the rest of the civilians inside the truck stop s diner.
Robinson rallies the survivors  they use a cache and destroy many of the trucks.
The trucks fight back.
Several human fatalities result from an M274 Mule firing its mounted M60 machine gun into the building.
The vehicles then demand    the survivors soon realize.
The humans pump their diesel in exchange for keeping them safe.
They have become enslaved.
Robinson suggests they escape just off the coast.
Which no vehicles or machines are permitted.
Robinson sneaks a grenade onto the Mule truck  destroying it  then leads the party out of the diner via sewer hatch to the main road.
The survivors are pursued to docks.
Manages to kill one more trucker before Robinson destroys the truck once.
The survivors then sail off  a title card epilogue explains.
The machines are stopped by a Soviet weather satellite equipped with nuclear missiles and a laser cannon.
<EOS>
A comedy centers on virtuous actress Patty ONeill.
Who meets playboy architect Donald Gresham and accepts his invitation to join him for drinks and dinner in his apartment.
There she meets Donald s upstairs neighbors  his ex-fiancee Cynthia and her father  roguish David Slater.
Both men are determined to bed the young woman.
They quickly discover.
Patty is more interested.
Patty leaves and returns to the Empire State Building.
Where Donald finds her and proposes marriage.
<EOS>
Three fashion models travel to Hong Kong for a shoot.
Barbara accidentally comes and is chased by secret service agents.
Claire tries to get a role.
Mandy tries to make it and falls for their photographer.
<EOS>
Set  Harley Davidson is in a motel in Texas.
When he hears.
The significance does not arise again until later in the film.
Harley then meets a life long friend  a cowboy.
Who is nicknamed The Marlboro Man.
They later plan a bank robbery to help save their friend s bar.
However   they discover the cargo.
They rob a bank s armored car.
They stole is the designer drug Crystal Dream  not money.
Chance Wilder   demands the return.
Who is a bank president involved.
A series ensue as heavily-armed assassins hunt for Harley and Marlboro.
<EOS>
Anton is a Swedish doctor.
Who commutes.
He often treats female patients.
Who are the victims.
Anton is married.
They are separated  and struggling.
Anton had.
They have two young sons  the older one being 12-year-old Elias.
Christian   is a new boy.
Who has just moved with his father  Claus.
Christian s mother recently died.
Christian blames his father.
She would get well  and that   he wanted her to die.
Elias is bullied.
He is defended.
Christian gives Elias the knife.
Both boys lie about the incident.
The father tells Anton not to touch his child and slaps Anton in the face.
When Anton separates his younger son  while they are fighting at a playground.
Anton later visits the mechanic  to discuss the matter  and to show the children.
He is not afraid.
The mechanic slaps Anton several more times.
Who does not flinch.
Later   the warlord comes to Anton s hospital for treatment of his wounded leg.
Anton treats the man  after demanding.
No weapons  and only two  are allowed inside the hospital.
However   Anton drags him away from the clinic  allowing him to be beaten to death by local people.
Christian and Elias decide to make a bomb to destroy the mechanic s car  on a Sunday morning.
No passers-by are hurt.
However   they see two joggers approaching.
Elias leaves his protected position to warn them.
He is knocked unconscious  but saves the joggers.
Christian is questioned and then released  with the incident being addressed as an extreme case of vandalism.
He goes.
Marianne does not let him see the boy.
He has killed her son.
Christian  believing  climbs  contemplating suicide  but is rescued by Anton.
Elias is dead.
Christian is relieved.
Elias is doing well.
He is now allowed to visit him.
Christian reconciles.
Anton and Marianne have sex  apparently resuming their marriage.
<EOS>
Desiree Leanne Gill was three years old.
When her father died.
Now  a year later  she is still struggling to accept her father s absence.
Her mother Rhonda  having just relocated both herself and her daughter to live  is concerned.
Desi does not understand what has happened.
She still asks where her father is and only refers in the third person.
Desi s grandmother Trish has the idea.
They leave the letter.
Every day Desi waits.
However   Desi s emotional and mental state worsen.
When the letter is returned.
Desperate  Desi and her mother go.
Where Desi is given a balloon.
Desi s grandmother has the idea.
4000 miles away  a man duck hunting finds the balloon.
Touched.
Desi begins to recover.
The two families form a bond.
<EOS>
Victor Mancini is a sex addict.
Who works.
He works.
Who is also a reformed sex addict.
To support his hospitalized mother  Victor cons others.
He meets Paige Marshall.
When he visits his mother one day.
Who takes care.
She tells Victor.
His mother s condition is worsening and that they could try an experimental stem cell technique that would require harvesting cells.
She convinces Victor to have sex.
She can have his child and save his mother.
Victor never knew his father and is anxious to obtain the information.
She never recognizes him.
When he visits.
He asks Denny to pose and ask her questions.
Denny agrees and reveals.
Victor s mother kept a diary.
Victor finds it.
It is.
Paige tells Victor and agrees to translate the diary.
She can read Italian.
Victor and Paige try several times to have sex.
Victor can not maintain an erection.
He realizes.
He loves Paige.
She then reveals  making him the Second Coming.
His mother may have fled Italy because she stole Jesus  foreskin  and used its cells to conceive Victor.
He is reluctant to believe but   accepts Paige s assertion.
However  his mother finally recognizes him and tells him.
She stole him.
She has no idea.
Who his real parents are.
He feeds her chocolate pudding and accidentally chokes her.
She tells him this.
A hidden band falls into Victor s view  revealing.
Paige tries to resuscitate Victor s mother.
She is actually a patient.
Paige then reveals  and fell with Victor through the stories his mother told her about him.
She was admitted ago  in a catatonic state.
The nurses allowed her to wear a white coat.
She was a former medical student.
It calmed her down.
Paige  a voluntary patient  checks herself out.
Victor boards a plane.
He goes.
The door opens to reveal Paige joining him.
<EOS>
Balwant is a young man.
Who has ongoing disputes of his neighbors Jang Singh.
The court gives a decision.
Jang Singh is furious.
He kills Balwant s father and frames Balwant.
Balwant returns home to find out.
Jang Singh has also killed his brother.
He takes a revenge.
Who was involved.
And  he kills Jang Singh.
But he also dies multiple shots.
<EOS>
Sophia Loren plays a poor Greek sponge diver.
Who accidentally finds an ancient Greek statue.
Her efforts to sell it lead her to two competing individuals - Alan Ladd  an honest archaeologist with an academic s bankroll  and Clifton Webb  a wealthy but unscrupulous art collector.
Ladd is committed.
Webb seeks to outwit him and add the treasure.
Loren throws in  but ends up romantically involved with Ladd  with predictable complications all round.
<EOS>
Alexandra Alex Delgado s figure skating career came.
Her partner became injured.
A heart-broken Alex stopped competing and turned.
Their love affair cooled.
Enter James McKinsey  the smoldering bad boy.
Who has had fiery Alex ever since he was banned from speed skating.
There are nt many girls.
Who say no.
Alex may well be the first.
However  James pushes her buttons  challenging her.
Her fighting spirit returns.
She agrees to be his partner.
They begin a grueling practice regimen fueled.
Heats up as they get closer.
But will their passion destroy Alex s chance to bring home the gold again.
<EOS>
Donald visits the house.
Acts shy and has her back turned to her visitor.
But Donald soon notices her tailfeathers taking the form and signaling for him to come closer.
But their time alone is soon interrupted.
Who have followed their uncle and clearly compete for the attention of Daisy.
Uncle and nephews take.
Turns dancing the jitterbug.
The three younger Ducks feed their uncle maize in the process of becoming popcorn.
The process is completed himself.
Who continues to move wildly.
Maintaining the appearance.
The short ends.
<EOS>
Father documents the tumultuous relationship.
He finds his greatest challenges.
He works during the day.
Alternating  and verbally accosting him  Ma is at a loss.
One day the son decides  will be to find him a new wife   Qing Huaiyuan.
The best way to stop harassing him.
He finds.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Who stays.
The people are a strange melee.
Who stay.
One day the judge is murdered.
The local police assign Byomkesh.
Byomkesh is more than willing to solve the murder mystery.
He goes on to solve the mystery.
<EOS>
Molly Burns is a young woman.
Whose indiscreet behavior causes her to be caught and jailed.
Her prison experience causes her to reflect and reform her own life.
She convinces jail authorities.
Her two brothers and her boyfriend could be dissuaded.
She attempts to reform her indiscreet friends.
<EOS>
Weapons master James McCullen has created a nanotech-based weapon capable of destroying a city.
His company M.
A.
R.
S.
Sells four warheads.
NATO troops led are tasked with delivering the warheads.
Their convoy is ambushed.
Whom Duke recognizes to be his ex-fiancee Ana Lewis.
Duke and Ripcord are rescued.
They take the warheads.
I.
Joe s command center.
I.
Joe Team  General Hawk.
Hawk takes command and excuses Duke and Ripcord  only to be convinced to let them join his group.
Duke reveals that he knows the Baroness.
McCullen is revealed to be using the same nanotechnology to build an army with the aid of the Doctor  planning on using the warheads to cause panic and bring about a new world order.
Using a tracking device  McCullen locates the G.
I.
Joe base and sends Storm Shadow and the Baroness to retrieve the warheads.
Storm Shadow and the Baroness retrieve the warheads and take them to Baron DeCobray  the Baroness s husband.
Him to weaponize.
Making their way  the Joes pursue the Baroness and Storm Shadow  but are unsuccessful in stopping them from launching the missile.
The nanomites destroy the Eiffel Tower and some.
Duke manages to hit the kill switch.
He is captured and taken to McCullen s base under the Arctic.
The Joes locate the secret base and fly there  three missiles with.
Ripcord pursues the remaining missiles.
Snake Eyes takes.
A.
R.
S.
Prototype Night Raven jet.
Scarlett  Breaker  and Snake Eyes infiltrate the base.
Snake Eyes duels and prevails.
Duke learns.
The Doctor is Rex Lewis  Ana s brother believed to have been killed during a mission led by Duke.
Rex had encountered Doctor Mindbender and was seduced by the nanomite technology  taking too long to retrieve the data and getting caught in the bombing.
Disfigured him.
The Baroness is subdued.
The Doctor reveals he has implanted her.
Attempting to kill Duke  McCullen ends up being burned.
He and the Doctor flee.
Duke and the Baroness pursue him.
The Joes fall back  when the Doctor activates the base s self-destruct sequence  which involves ` blowing the ice cap  to create blocks which then supposedly fall with gravity down.
The Doctor assumes the identity  having healed McCullen s burned face with nanomites  encasing it in silver and naming him Destro.
Places McCullen.
They are captured.
I.
Joe soon after.
The Baroness is placed in protective custody.
They can remove the nanomites.
Meanwhile  Zartan  having had his physical appearance altered  infiltrates the White House during the missile crisis and assumes the identity of the President of the United States of America.
<EOS>
The story is told from Death Row as Ronnie Jackson relates the events to a group of reporters the events.
Lead. 
Jackson is a baby photographer.
Who dreams.
One day he is mistaken by a mysterious lady in distress and soon finds himself involved in a murder mystery.
<EOS>
Ramu is very fond.
Ramu is an uneducated guy.
Who works.
Lakshmi s father is a wealthy guy and is the president.
Their village has feuds.
Giri is.
He wants to marry Lakshmi.
But Lakshmi and Ramu are.
Ramu has to win a race to marry Lakshmi.
The rest is all about the hurdles.
Ramu faces to wed Lakshmi.
<EOS>
A mobster is hiding.
He s running out.
He robs a bank and rakes.
However  now  not only are the cops  but so is the local mob boss.
Who is jealous that an outsider pulled such a job.
<EOS>
A young country boy moves to become a singer.
A young girl and her father support him and help him to fame.
Unfortunately  his success is boycotted.
<EOS>
Author Marie Adams is in the middle of a meeting with her agent  Tom Billings.
When she has another vision  and begins to scream hysterically.
Marie s husband  Richard  discusses her condition  agreeing.
Marie s overactive imagination is leading her.
The doctor advises Richard to take Marie away.
Richard locates a cottage.
Tom drives Marie there  but then departs quickly.
Marie looks and declares it to be perfect.
That night   Marie is disturbed.
She and Richard are making love.
The next day  Marie and Richard look.
Where they meet the mysterious Eleanor  a local artist who owns a shop  and the Ormsteads  who run the local store.
Marie takes her dog  and becomes distressed.
When he runs off.
That night  Marie dreams.
Whom she had visions.
Richard drives.
A.
Spends time chatting with Mrs Ormstead.
Who tells her to occupy the cottage  and that they left town without a word.
Marie is walking home.
When  suddenly  she sees.
She runs.
It turns out to be Eleanor.
Eleanor points out a.
Marie takes.
She discovers a cave  and.
What s left.
Marie runs through the woods  suddenly aware.
She is being pursued.
Richard quiets his hysterical wife and checks outside  but sees nothing  not even the dark figure nearby.
The next morning  Marie witnesses a strange apparition  an elderly man and woman.
Who appear and who warn her to go away.
Marie is momentarily distracted.
The next instant her ghostly visitors are gone.
The newcomer is Janice Hatch.
Who is holidaying and is a fan of Marie s writing.
Marie invites her and   mentions the howling.
They are talking.
She hears.
Janice reveals.
She used to be a nun  and that her closest friend  Sister Ruth  disappeared over a year ago  only to be found speaking incoherently of the devil  and a bell  and the sound of howling.
Ruth died without ever being able to explain.
What happened.
Janice  determined to discover the truth  left the convent.
Marie is disturbed  and becomes even more so  it is the nun from her visions.
When Janice shows her a photograph.
<EOS>
Rocky Mulloy was sentenced in prison for a robbery and murder.
He did nt commit.
He s released five years later.
When a witness named Delong appears and provides an alibi.
Rocky then sets out to find.
Who framed him  hoping that  he ll be able to free his friend Danny Morgan  also accused of the same crime.
Delong is lying.
Is a share.
What he really wants.
Rocky insists.
He was nt involved.
They go see Morgan s wife  Nancy  a former love.
Who now lives.
Police Lt.
Gus Cobb keeys an eye.
He s still convinced.
Rocky believes.
Bookie Louis Castro is the mastermind.
He demands $.
Castro wo nt agree  but gives him $.
To bet.
Shots are fired.
She is killed.
Nancy believes.
The intended victims were Rocky and herself.
Rocky goes back and plays Russian roulette.
Castro reveals where the robbery money can be found.
It turns out.
Morgan was indeed involved and that Nancy now has his share.
Lt.
Cobb gradually comes to believe Rocky s innocence.
Nancy says.
She loves him and invites him to run off together.
Rocky leaves her.
<EOS>
A young black woman searches.
Her obsessive search will lead her.
<EOS>
The film begins.
The film then follows his life  documenting events  starting with the birth of his son.
Lead. 
Alfie has a health check.
His inability to commit leads to her marrying a bus conductor.
The health check reveals.
Alfie has tubercular shadows.
This  combined  leads him to have a brief breakdown.
Alfie then spends time.
Here he meets Harry   and Harry s wife.
Who confronts him that he is doing no harm.
Whom he gets pregnant.
Later  the ensuing abortion is a turning point for the character  and the only time other than his passing.
Where he exhibits real emotion -- breaking down.
He meets Ruby.
Who is an older  voluptuous  affluent and promiscuous American  while freelancing taking holiday photos.
Later   he picks up a young hitchhiker  Annie from Sheffield  looking to make a fresh start in London.
Who moves in.
She proves preoccupied.
He grows resentful and drives her out with an angry outburst  too late regretting.
What he has just done.
Alfie decides to change his non-committal ways and settle down  albeit with the rich Ruby.
The day he chooses to suggest this  he finds a younger man in her bed  leaving him disheartened at the film s end and wondering.
What s it all about.
The film is unusual.
The end credits feature photos  as well as of the main technical crew  including director Lewis Gilbert and cameraman Otto Heller.
<EOS>
The film begins.
A narrator states The SS Claridon  a proud ship  a venerable ship  but as ships go.
A very old ship.
She s weathered everything.
The elements could throw.
Typhoons  zero-zero fogs  the scorching heat.
Now she is scheduled.
Then a new ship  a plush  streamlined beauty will take her place.
It is then.
The Claridon will pass.
She has an appointment.
But  it s an appointment.
She ll never keep.
For this is her last voyage.
Cliff and Laurie Henderson and their daughter Jill are relocating and decide to sail there on board the ship.
A fire is extinguished quickly.
Shut. 
Before several safety valves have been fused.
A huge explosion rips.
When Chief Engineer Pringle attempts to open one.
Cliff runs back and finds.
He ca nt get Laurie out alone.
He then finds Jill trapped.
He tries to use a shattered piece.
It falls.
Third Officer Osborne believes.
The crew should start loading the passengers.
Captain Robert Adams is reluctant.
He s never lost a ship.
He tries to reassure them.
They are.
This does nt help calm them.
Cliff finally manages to rescue Jill.
Second Engineer Walsh reports to the captain.
A seam has broken away.
Cliff tries to get the help  but to no avail.
A passenger states.
He overheard his conversation  and wants to help.
Osborne reports.
The boiler room is now.
The Claridon then begins to transmit an SOS.
Cliff and a few other men return to try and help free Laurie  but find.
They need a torch.
The carpenter reports.
The boiler room is now two-thirds full.
To make matters worse  Walsh does nt know.
Long the bulkhead will last.
Captain Adams makes an announcement to put on their life jackets.
This is more reason to panic.
They then begin loading and launching the lifeboats.
Cliff finds a torch  and tries to rush back with the help of crewman Hank Lawson.
Walsh reports.
If one more strut breaks  the ship will sink.
The boiler room then floods  causing the ship to sink lower.
Also  a second explosion happens.
It too floods  causing water through the large windows.
When Cliff and Lawson are down.
Captain Adams is looking to commodore of the line.
When he is killed after one falls on him.
Meanwhile  Cliff finally gets Laurie out.
They get up.
Cliff  Laurie  Jill  and Lawson jump and find a lifeboat.
As the ship sinks.
Walsh is shown swimming away.
The narrator concludes.
This was the death.
This was her last voyage.
<EOS>
A traveling sideshow made up in rural villages hoping to mesmerize the townspeople out.
Whatever little money they may have.
He and his pregnant wife join the show.
When a young accordionist becomes enamoured.
It sets off deeper.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Where Mr Hyde is chased down  after murdering his wife at their Soho flat.
He escapes.
Where he prepares the potion that will transform him back.
Unfortunately  the mob has already set the house ablaze.
The flames drive Hyde.
He meets his demise.
When he falls.
He changes back.
He dies.
John Utterson and Dr Lanyon mourn their unfortunate friend Dr Jekyll.
Inspector Stoddard brings the two flat  where Jekyll/Hyde has left an orphan behind.
Utterson agrees to adopt the young Jekyll.
He and his wife have nt succeeded.
Thirty years later  Edward Jekyll  now fiance  is expelled from the academy because of his peculiar and unorthodox experiments.
Edward is unaware.
He is actually Henry Jekyll s son.
Dr Lanyon tells him his tragic father s story.
When he inherits the Jekyll Mansion.
Edward and Lynn move for the preparations of their marriage.
Soon  Edward feels unwelcome.
Discovering his father s laboratory  Edward convinces himself to work.
Order to clear the Jekyll name.
He hires Michaels  Dr Jekyll s old assistant  and begins researching.
Unfortunately   a Hyde-like man appears a number of people.
Edward first tests the formula.
Edward is charged  and thought insane  is transferred to Dr Lanyon s sanitarium.
Where the murders continue.
Edward begins wondering.
It is him who transforms.
Someone else is trying to drive him.
It was shown clearly.
Edward s adoptive father changed chemicals and his father s notebook to punish Edward.
<EOS>
The settlement of Boonesborough  Kentucky is besieged by both hostile Indian tribes and the British.
Overtures fail.
Culminates. 
<EOS>
Ajay and his parents are estranged.
Ajay belongs.
Seshadri Naidu is the enemy.
They keep killing each others  family members.
The story is.
The free-spirited Ajay puts an end and unites both families.
The movie begins.
The party decides.
The seat should go.
Seshadri and his sons try to create mayhem.
That Mahendra s family does nt move away.
Meanwhile  Seshadri gets.
A phone call that his brother-in-law was kidnapped  dismayed Seshadri asks his sons and henchmen to leave the Mahendra s family for the.
They order their followers to leave Seshadri s.
Mahendra s family leaves the party building.
However  Seshadri s brother-in-law is killed.
Now  Seshadri wants to kill all the family members for revenge.
So  Mahendra orders to bring each and every member of the family to his house  so they can be secure.
Here comes the introduction.
He is Mahendra s nephew.
Mahendra has three sisters.
Of whom is the mother.
Girija falls in love with Ajay.
Mahendra orders his family not to go out.
Ajay leaves the city with his two cousins to get a cake for Girija s birthday.
She makes a bet  she will give kiss him.
Should he get the cake.
The trio stop.
Returning. 
They are attacked.
Who has been staying and maintaining it as his stronghold because he refuses to come home until he fulfills his revenge of killing at least one of Mahendra s family members.
Ajay rescues himself and his cousins.
But Mahendra gets mad and asks him to leave his house.
Ajay reaches the railway station to catch the train.
That he can go back.
He watches news.
There was a bomb attack back in town.
Soon  he leaves and takes his advice.
Then  Ajay enters with the help of his son-in-law and tries to change everyone.
He is almost at his goal.
One celebratory day  he convinces them.
They should not harm Mahendra s family.
They can do.
Whatever they wish.
One recognizes Ajay and reveals Ajay s secret.
Ajay is.
Seshadri s family finds out that he is.
Ajay gets stabbed.
Escaping. 
He also finds out.
Seshadri s brother-in-law was killed.
Everyone learns.
The truth and the movie ends together as Seshadri s youngest son gets married to Mahendra s only daughter.
<EOS>
Woody asks Winnie.
She would like to go with him.
She accepts.
Woody goes off to prepare.
Meanwhile  Buzz calls Winnie up to ask her  only to find.
She is already going.
However  Winnie agrees.
If Woody does not show up  she will go.
Buzz gets himself ready  and beats Woody to Winnie s house.
Woody comes through the door and gets into a fight with Buzz.
Winnie tells them to stop.
She will not go.
She then suggest.
All three go together  but once the trio gets outside Woody takes Winnie himself and ditches Buzz.
Woody and Winnie make it.
Where they hear a singer sing.
Winnie likes the guy s singing.
Woody does not care.
Buzz shows up and succeeds in disposing of Woody.
The buzzard then takes Winnie to buy her a soda and a banana split for himself.
Woody  dressed  gives Buzz an explosive banana split.
The two begin to fight once again  only to find Winnie riding away.
<EOS>
A scout.
Louis Cardinals comes to assess pitcher Jerome Herman Dean.
Dean   is certain.
The club wants him to start immediately and is surprised that he is sent.
Dean is teased about his rustic clothes and goes to a department store to buy new suits.
He meets pretty credit officer Patricia Nash and courts her.
Dean is dismayed to see Pat with another man but pitches an almost perfect game.
The White Sox players razz Dean  calling him Dizzy.
He adopts the nickname.
Is picked up.
Dean asks Pat to elope.
Agrees to marry him.
She is stunned.
Dizzy  now his team s star pitcher  is told to report for spring training.
Dean is delighted and becomes a colorful story.
The next spring his brother Paul joins Dizzy.
Louis  and the irrepressible Dean brothers promote the team.
Their antics get them  however.
Dizzy goes.
When they are fined.
Pat urges him to stop being stubborn and Dizzy storms.
He meets Johnny Kendall  a businessman to get around.
Who relies.
Johnny s quiet acceptance humbles Dizzy.
He ends his strike.
The Dean brothers lead the Cardinals.
Dizzy soon suffers an injury.
When a line drive breaks one.
He egotistically returns.
He is risking serious injury.
Dizzy s ability to pitch declines  and eventually even a minor league team lets.
Him go.
Dizzy refuses to accept and tries to forget his troubles.
His baseball career is over.
Unable to endure his self-destructive behavior  Pat leaves him  telling him.
She will not return until he grows up.
Dizzy is devastated and asks Johnny as a salesman.
Dizzy is instead given a job broadcasting baseball games.
Dizzy s thick Arkansas accent  often twisted English  and colorful stories make him an instant hit.
An irate group oppose Dizzy  saying.
His poor English is a bad influence.
Dizzy is stung and decides to quit.
Dean gives the children of St.
Louis heartfelt instructions to pursue their education  then returns home.
Where Pat is waiting.
The head calls Dizzy to say  We ll keep teaching the children English.
His last broadcast deeply moved the committee and tells him.
You keep.
<EOS>
The film begins.
His friend  Pierre  encourages him to talk.
Sid agrees but decides to impress Angie first.
He succeeds in getting Angie s attention.
Then he crashes.
Angie s two friends  Margot and Clemence  laugh.
Angie pulls Sid.
Sid offers to make plans as Angie s sort-of boyfriend  Virgile.
His friends watch.
Angie agrees and offers to get Sid s cellphone number.
Sid replies.
He does not have a cellphone.
Tiger butts in  making up a lie.
Sid had to cancel his cellphone plan because a crazy Russian ex-girlfriend was stalking him.
Unimpressed  Angie s friends lead her away.
Back home  Sid asks his mother.
He can have his birthday money.
She is only able to spare $.
Sid resolves to ask money at the fast food restaurant.
He works.
Sid asks his boss for his paycheck in advance.
The boss refuses.
Seeing will be the only money  Sid goes to a dinky shop run by Patrick Vo.
He is able to raise.
Sid gets a cellphone  a sleek red phone with two protruding horns at the top.
The phone comes.
Astonishes the shopkeeper who has been trying to turn it since he got it.
He tries to take the phone back.
He can sell it.
Sid runs away.
Sid shows off his phone to Tiger.
Who is amazed.
Meanwhile  Clemence brags about her successful audition.
Sid gathers up his courage to ask Angie.
Clemence and Margot laugh and lead Angie away.
Sid and Pierre are teased by Virgile and his friends.
The Hellphone dials Margot s number and tells her to set Clemence s hair.
The lesson continues.
Landed her the role she auditioned  on fire with the Bunsen burner.
Hypnotized  Margot obeys.
She is sent.
Where she tries to explain her actions.
Unimpressed  the principal lets her go.
Sid and Tiger visit their favorite skate shop but are disappointed to find out the ownership.
Has changes.
They leave  at home before school.
Sid practices on what to say.
The phone calls Angie.
Sid manages with her.
He is surprised to see Margot.
When he hangs up.
Margot texts Clemence her apologies.
Clemence refuses to forgive her.
Sid fills in Tiger on his phone s weird doings.
Annoyed  the Mr Mazeau  the teacher  flicks a piece of chalk at Sid s head and demands.
Him to answer a particularly difficult question.
Sid looks  the phone provides the correct answer.
However  the teacher believes.
Sid cheated and confiscates it  throwing it out of the classroom window.
As soon  Sid and Tiger rescue the phone  relieved.
Class lets out.
It is nt damaged.
Sid and Pierre see Angie and her friends being walked by Virgile and his entourage.
They ponder how the phone knew the correct answer.
Later that night  Mr Mazeau is working.
When he receives a mysterious phone call.
We then cut waking up on his birthday.
The phone wishes him a happy birthday.
Sid goes to pick up Pierre and tells him about it.
Pierre get worried and insists.
Sid throw away the phone.
Sid refuses.
Pierre takes the phone and asks it in getting rid of their detention.
It calls the school secretary.
Who believes that Sid and Pierre are.
They take advantage and not only get rid  but install the McDonald s menu for their school lunch.
The boys go on a spree.
The school janitor finds Mr Mazeau on the ground.
His mouth stuffed.
Tiger asks to borrow the phone.
He can get his divorced parents back together.
Sid refuses  believing.
The phone chose him.
However  he relents.
The phone refuses to work  causing him to comment.
The phone appears to be with Sid.
Our three protagonists manage to freeze the phone  and throw it overboard on a ship as Sid and Angie kiss.
<EOS>
A Latino San Francisco poet returns home to reconnect with his brother and dying father.
<EOS>
Father Brown tries to transport a historically important cross engaging in battles of wits and faith with a thief and pursuing policeman.
The thief  named Flambeau  is a master and is elusive.
Father Brown pursues him and tries to convince him to abandon his criminal career.
Alec Guinness was mistaken by a small boy for an actual priest.
This episode appears to have played a part to Roman Catholicism.
Sir Alec Guinness biography.
Father Brown Led Sir Alec Guinness.
<EOS>
Chief Warrant Officer Four Paul Brenner  a Vietnam Veteran  is in Georgia masquerading as First Sergeant Frank White at a local army base  to broker an illegal arms trade with a self-proclaimed freedom fighter.
Part is speaking with a strong Southern accent.
His car gets a flat tire.
He is trying to remove the wheel nuts with a small pair of pliers and not having much success.
When a pretty young officer arrives and helps him change the spare.
The officer is Captain Elizabeth Campbell  the base commanding general s daughter and army captain.
The next day Brenner calls in to see her.
A thank you.
Both times he is he is keeping up the pretence with the Southern drawl.
Elisabeth is at first warm.
She becomes cool and distant  saying.
She has a lot to get through.
The next evening  she is found murdered.
Brenner and another warrant officer  Sara Sunhill are brought in to investigate.
Both are part.
S.
Army Criminal Investigation Command.
The base Provost Marshal  Colonel William Kent and several of his military police have secured the area.
Captain Campbell s nude body has been staked down  strangled  and presumably raped.
Colonel Kent has 2000 military police and is considered both the police chief and the staff officer.
He is.
Who advises Captain Campbell s father  Lieutenant General Joe Campbell.
They search Elisabeth s home and find it typical of a career Army officer  with one exception  through a false door in the basement  they find.
What appears to be a sexual dungeon  with handcuffs  harnesses  and a camera connected to a VCR.
Sunhill goes.
He is attacked.
Brenner gathers the tapes.
The culprit manages to disorient Brenner long enough to steal the videotapes.
Brenner questions Elisabeth s close confidante  Colonel Robert Moore.
Who also works.
Moore is evasive.
Cordial and somewhat cooperative.
When questioned  and gives an alibi asleep at the time of the murder.
However  this proves false.
When Moore s fingerprints are found.
Brenner arrests Moore unbecoming an officer and takes him to jail.
Moore is later released and restricted to house arrest.
Brenner  Sunhill  and Colonel William Kent  return and find Moore dead on his couch with an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to his forehead.
The General s adjutant  Colonel George Fowler  attempts to close the investigation  stating.
Moore killed himself out because he killed Elisabeth.
Brenner states is seen.
He intends to keep the case open and much tension.
Further cover-ups are revealed.
It s later learned.
Elisabeth was sexually promiscuous.
It s also revealed and barely managed.
Elisabeth was an honor student until her sophomore year.
Brenner and Sunhill visit Colonel Dr Donald Slesinger  the academy s psychiatrist.
Who explains that Captain Campbell had been gang raped while a cadet at West Point.
She had found herself separated from her group and was jumped by six male cadets  beaten and raped all night  almost to the point of death and left to die in an isolated area.
Luckily  another trainee group lost  found Elisabeth and rescued her.
Had got.
Elisabeth never knew the names.
Sunhill tracks down one.
A confession mean his ` gene prints  are traceable.
She pretends.
The bloodstained underwear she shows the soldier is the genuine article.
The agents pay a visit.
Who corroborates the story.
Fearing  Campbell acted and decided to cover up the incident.
The assailants would never be caught.
Such a scandal would destroy the academy  not to mention his own ambitions to become Vice President.
This denial severely traumatized Elisabeth  causing her to partake in various violent sexual activities.
Campbell reveals.
He did encounter his daughter the night  and that Elisabeth herself  with the aid of Moore  staged the reenactment of the academy incident in an attempt to force her father to face the truth he covered up.
Unmoved  Campbell left his daughter tied.
Realizing  Brenner decides to question him.
Kent is the only suspect left.
He calls Sunhill but learns.
She was returning.
Who also wants to see Brenner.
Brenner arrives and confronts Kent.
Who admits that he killed Elisabeth after she rejected him and threatened to tell his family.
Kent then commits suicide.
Parallel  Brenner and Sunhill manage to invalidate Campbell s reasons for the cover up by swiftly discovering and arresting all of his daughter s assailants.
He is confronted.
Campbell prepares to get.
Who lays the burden.
His betrayal was what really killed her and that Kent had just put her out of her misery.
He then tells Campbell.
He will be court-martialled to conceal a crime  thus destroying the general s career.
The film ends by Sunhill at the departing Brenner.
A written epilogue explains.
Campbell is found guilty and courtmartialed  soon after disappearing from public life.
<EOS>
The film is derived  originally narrated by Vijaydan Detha  and interpreted as folk play by Habib Tanvir.
The film charts the tumultuous life.
Curiously he is a man - an honest thief with a strong sense of integrity and professional efficiency.
He makes four vows   thinking.
He would never eat  never lead a procession that is in his honour  never become a king and never marry a princess.
All are far out possibilities for him.
Later  his guru adds a fifth one - never to tell a lie and sets him.
Leads him.
Eventually he is offered the seat.
He has to refuse.
Later  the local princess gets enchanted  and proposes to marry him.
This is.
When his refusal costs him his life.
He illustrates the inherent paradox.
He is put.
Where truthful existence becomes an impossibility   alike.
<EOS>
Coach Lambeau Fields is pathetic.
He has the distinction anyone can recall.
A loser is convinced by fellow coach Freddie Wiseman to return to the field for one last shot.
Assuring his long suffering wife  Barb   Coach moves them.
He will not ignore his family.
Where he hopes to redeem himself and his reputation.
Here he begins yet another attempt to improve his abysmal record - this time at Heartland State University.
But he is saddled.
Of whom do nt know the difference.
The Coach uses his unorthodox methods to whip this group.
The team and townsfolk are leery.
The film pokes fun.
The audience follows their winding road.
And the team does make progress.
Much so that they actually make it.
Facing their fiercest opponents yet and yearning to win the big game  The Comebacks face off.
And  The Comebacks use ingenuity and unorthodox measures.
Every great sports team has always done.
Where the best team win.
The Comebacks are victorious.
Lambeau is subsequently knocked down by a bus with Freddie driving it.
Who laughs manically as Lambeau is.
Lambeau groans.
<EOS>
Composer Arthur Sullivan   is barely able to make it to the theatre to conduct.
Who is ill.
He goes.
The rest will improve his health.
Ticket sales and audiences wilt in the hot summer weather.
He is away.
Producer Richard DOyly Carte has called.
S.
Gilbert to create a new piece.
It is not ready.
When Ida closes.
Carte revives an earlier Gilbert and Sullivan work  The Sorcerer.
A new piece can be prepared.
Gilbert s idea features a transformative magic potion.
Sullivan s The Sorcerer involved a magic love potion.
Several involved various magic devices.
Transform the possessor.
See  e.
G. 
Dulcamara  or the Little Duck and the Great Quack.
And appears mechanical.
Sullivan   says and involves human interest  and is not dependent on magic.
He longs.
Gilbert sees nothing wrong and refuses to write a new one.
Results. 
The impasse is resolved.
His wife visit a popular exhibition in Knightsbridge  London.
He is inspired to write a libretto set.
When the katana sword he purchases there falls noisily.
Sullivan likes the idea and agrees to compose the music.
Gilbert  Sullivan and Carte work to make The Mikado a success.
Many glimpses follow  Cast members lunch together before negotiating their salaries.
Gilbert brings from the exhibition to teach the ladies  chorus.
To walk and use fans.
The principal cast react.
Wilhelm.
The entire cast object.
The actors face first-night jitters.
Finally The Mikado is ready to open.
Gilbert is too nervous to watch the opening performance and paces the streets of London.
Returning  however  he finds.
The new opera is a resounding success.
<EOS>
A foundling  raised  Sam Lion becomes a businessman after a trapeze accident.
However   he decides to disappear.
When he reaches fifty and becomes tired.
However  he runs.
He comes to realise.
He has ignored the important things.
<EOS>
Megan Paige is an investigator.
Her body was found with white cat hair on it.
Megan insists.
The murder is a work.
She fails to catch the killer.
Stress and obsession causes Megan to hallucinate the victim s image.
She ultimately has a nervous breakdown and tries to commit suicide.
Following two years and attending a support group headed by a wheelchair user named Richard Ledge  Megan rejoins the police department in an office job.
Wendy Walsh  found in Webster with some white cat hair on it.
Whose body is.
Megan successfully lobbies to join the investigation.
Partnered  they try to find links between the girls.
Then another girl  Melissa Maestro  is killed.
They find a number  but fail to connect these to the first victim.
The Webster Police Department   receive a call.
Has jurisdiction but are uncooperative.
Who is being held hostage.
Megan is convinced.
The suspect is not the Alphabet Killer and breaks procedure to preempt a police raid.
Megan defuses the situation.
An officer shoots the suspect and kills him.
Webster police declare and announce the discovery.
The Alphabet Killer is dead.
Megan spirals.
Certain  Megan continues the investigation.
The Webster police planted the evidence in order to justify killing an innocent.
Megan discovers.
All three girls attended the St.
Michael s Church.
Still suffering  Megan visits the church and tries to question the pastor  but suffers another breakdown and is hospitalized.
Megan flees and takes refuge in Ledge s home.
There.
She finds that he used to work.
Michael s Church.
Finally reveals that he is the killer.
He leaps - having only pretended to be disabled.
She can act.
Attacks her.
Ledge knocks her unconscious and drives to kill her.
Megan breaks free and shoots him.
Ledge can inject her and dump her in the river.
Ledge falls.
It s unclear if he is dead.
Unsure  the intense situation causes Megan to suffer another  longer breakdown.
Whether Ledge is dead and confused.
Megan is hospitalized and kept.
The final scenes show Megan heavily sedated and strapped to a bed in a psychiatric ward.
There is no one else.
She envisions the spirits of the victims waiting for her to return and seek justice for them.
The final scenes are intercut with scenes of Ledge.
Who  having survived Megan s attempts to kill him  has altered his appearance.
He is shown  receiving communion and exchanging glances with a potential victim.
It is unclear.
These scenes are actually occurring or are part of Megan s psychosis.
A title card announces   police exhumed a fireman s body and posthumously cleared him as a suspect.
The Alphabet Killer has not been found.
<EOS>
The film is set on the lives of the young men of the minority Muslim community  represented by a working class Muslim family in Mumbai.
Salim Pasha is a small-time thief and goonda and lives and sister in a shady neighborhood.
Where crime and illegal activities are accepted professions.
<EOS>
This is the coming of Nate Merritt.
Who stuck with his fiancee and mother decides to enlist in the military  although he is not sure.
He meets Andy Forte  a carefree gay guy.
The two immediately strike a cord and become soul mates trying to help each other.
Both men have domineering mothers and live.
Nate s mother Deb is a single mother.
Who hides the real identity from her son  although the alcoholic Gene still continues to live a destitute life in the vicinity in a one-room shack surviving on permanent disability cheques and doing odd jobs on the side.
Andy s divorced mother Louise is a former actress.
Had to leave everything behind to take care and Andy s son Travis blaming her son for her own predicament of a stay-home caretaker considering Andy an almost absent irresponsible father.
Nate has to deal a philandering fiancee   almost guiding Nate step by step in the mechanics of a sexual ritual to achieve this.
Who is anxious to conceive a son.
She has no qualms to have intercourse during his absence with other married military men to achieve having the desired boy.
Nate discovers when he calls unexpectedly.
Meanwhile Nate wants desperately to find his real father.
He is led to think.
His father is a married military man called Mark Dessau  who had a long-term relationship.
Meanwhile Andy is fighting his own demons and is constantly haunted.
Andy is unable to get over the loss and fails in all his other intimate relationships  despite the fact.
His relation  though intense  never had any chance of survival with the Marine just abandoning him to his misery.
Andy confesses his incurable love and refuses to go further.
When a new guy tries to become intimate during a disastrous get-together scene.
Prompts the guy to tell him frankly  once a marine  always a marine.
Andy is confused.
During a very bizarre circumstance at the residence of an amateur porn director Uncle Sam   Nate and Andy strike out the house horrified.
Who invites them.
The two strike an immediate friendship.
When Nate offers Andy help.
He once loved.
The two together  journey on a quest to find Nate s real father.
But also find each other and discover.
To confront their true destinies.
The two engage to explore their own past  present and future amidst brief flashbacks they see.
The bond strengthens including sexual affinity between the two  awakening Nate to his own sexuality.
Nate decides to confront Mark Dessau  his supposed father  but discovers.
This was just an illusion.
It turns out.
Mark went out only after Nate had been conceived.
This puts Nate.
His mother always deceived him.
His resistance is down.
He easy gives.
The scene is exquisitely filmed.
Treats their bodies.
The editing features cuts.
Which Nate is replaced.
The next morning Nate is confused but not weirded out.
There is no or supposed  Andy says.
Should. 
What does Nate want to.
Klemm.
Com  Do nt Ask  Be All.
That You Can Be Confronted that he will quit his prospective military career  Deb finally alludes to the fact that Gene is the real father.
Nate s search is culminated with he finding a childhood photograph of himself in an album kept by Gene  with Nate being the result of a sexual relation between Gene and Deb in a drive-in movie location.
The film ends vaguely itself with Nate searching his soul with.
What he has to do.
It is clear.
He chooses the military path.
The departure shots  is a repetition  and a deja-vu  exactly.
Which Andy reluctantly leaves Nate alone to decide.
The party friend had told Andy of the film  once a marine  always a marine.
<EOS>
The inhabitants of the New England town of Arkham are suspicious of the strange goings-on up in the grand ` palace.
Overlooks the town.
They suspect its inhabitant  Joseph Curwen.
One stormy night  a young girl wanders up to the Curwen palace in a trance-like state  and is led by Curwen and his mistress  Hester  down in to the dungeons of the palace.
The girl is then subjected.
Where an unseen creature rises up.
The townspeople  however  observe the girl wandering off up to the Curwen palace to confront its mysterious owner.
The townspeople deign.
The girl appears unharmed.
She has been bewitched to forget what happened  and drag Curwen out to a tree where they intend to burn him.
110 years later  Charles Dexter Ward and his wife Anne arrive in Arkham after inheriting the palace from Charles  great great grandfather  Joseph Curwen.
They are confused to find the townsfolk wary and even hostile  and are particularly disturbed by the horrific deformities.
Afflict many.
Charles is surprised by.
Well he seems to know the old house  and is also struck above the fireplace.
He and Anne meet Simon  the peculiar palace caretaker.
Who persuades them to stay  and not to be scared of the townspeoples  hostility towards them.
Charles becomes more and more obsessed with the portrait of Curwen.
Seems to change in his personality.
Charles and Anne befriend.
The local doctor  Dr Willet and he explains that the townspeople blame the many deformities plagueing the town on Curwen s curse.
He tells them.
Which was believed to be  and which Curwen apparently used to summon the Elder Gods  Cthulhu  Yog-Sothoth  and other dark creatures.
Curwen s plan was to mate mortal women.
Order to create a new race.
The townspeople are now terrified.
Curwen has come back to seek his revenge against the people who killed him.
Dr Willet finally advises Charles and Anne to leave the town.
Charles seems to be falling under the control of something  and insists.
They stay.
One night  Charles finally succumbs  and becomes possessed by him.
Curwen is then reunited.
The three hastily make plans to continue their work and resurrect Hester.
Curwen s hold.
He tells Simon and Jabez.
Charles  will is fighting.
Anne  frightened  seeks help from Dr Willet.
Curwen manages to convince Dr Willet.
Anne is mad.
Meanwhile  Curwen begins enacting his revenge.
Burned him alive.
He kills Weeden s descendant.
Then attacks Leach s descendant.
The townspeople discover Leach s charred corpse  and decide to take matters  banding together to storm the palace and find Curwen.
Dr Willet and Anne race to try and save Charles  unaware.
Curwen has now taken complete control  and that Curwen  Simon  and Jabez have finally succeeded in resurrecting Hester.
Dr Willet and Anne discover the secret entrance  and are ambushed by Curwen  Simon  Jabez  and Hester.
Anne is offered to the otherworldly creature.
Lives  while the residents of Arkham break in and begin to burn the palace down.
The portrait is destroyed  apparently breaking Curwen s hold over Charles.
Charles rushes down and releases Anne  then urges Dr Willet to save her.
Curwen s associates pin him down.
Dr Willet helps Anne to escape  before running back to rescue Charles  finding Simon  Jabez  and Hester gone.
The two barely manage to escape the flames.
Charles and Anne fervently thank Dr Willet.
However  it is made apparent.
Charles turns.
Joseph Curwen still inhabits his mind.
The film ends -    a hideous throng rush out forever.
Through the pale door.
Laugh - But smile no more.
<EOS>
Beatie Bow  a young Victorian-era girl  is summoned by children chanting her name.
16-year-old Abigail Kirk follows her back  in the colony of New South Wales.
Beatie s family believe.
Abigail is the promised ` Stranger  who will arrive to save ` The Gift.
Abigail is trapped.
She does what she was ` sent  to do  even though she does nt know what this is.
She falls in love for the first time and gains a more mature perspective on her parent s relationship.
<EOS>
October 18 .
German scientist Gregor Starndorf is told.
The comet he discovered  designated Bay-Leder 7  is headed.
It is large enough to cause mass-extinction and is only days away.
He works.
S.
Army called SolStar-2    the smaller part impacts in West Russia.
Is used.
The microwave beam cut Bay-Leder.
The head picks up his wife and daughter to evacuate by plane.
However  his superior  Colonel Waters  forces Parker to leave them behind  watching helplessly.
The plane took off.
News reports depict the aftereffects.
Three years later  the situation is still grim.
All of Europe was evacuated to Africa.
Where a new ruling body  the New United Northern States  has been established.
Oil prices also skyrocketed  enabling the Middle East to establish a firm grip.
A NUNS technician finds.
SolStar-2 is still active.
But the satellite can only be controlled below the Reichstag.
Berlin is.
A plane was sent to investigate.
It suddenly exploded.
Everything pointed in the attack.
NUNS President Miranda Harrison recruits Parker to lead an expedition --.
Order to find out who controls the satellite and destroy it.
He ask to join  secretly hoping.
Parker knows the mission is led.
His family is somehow alive.
The SolStar-2 zeroes in on their position and destroys the plane.
The team manages to parachute out  though.
They must cross through Cologne and use the Cologne Cathedral as a guide there.
However  they lose several men to an ice geyser.
They find.
When they finally reach Berlin.
The city is buried.
Shortly afterwards  they came from survivors.
There are about 600 people hiding and supplied by the Distributors.
They find out a blind man and supplies the people.
Called the doctor is hiding.
The doctor s quarters is actually a verdant greenhouse.
He is Gregor Starndorf.
He explains.
He and his chief engineer Klaus Hintze were the designers.
It was originally meant to be a new power source  but due  it became a weapon.
To lessen the dependency.
He ordered Hintze to reactivate the satellite.
He designed a method to extend its area and stop the permanent winter.
He is alarmed to hear  but the Distributors suddenly return.
Hintze is using it.
A sniper kills him.
Enraged  the four confronts Hintze.
Who is powering up the satellite to destroy Tangier  the NUNS  headquarter city  for having been left behind.
Sarah shoots him and Col.
Waters apologizes for his earlier actions and allows him to leave and find his family.
Sarah unexpectedly kills Waters and orders Anna to retarget.
He is away.
Parker returns and   attacks Sarah  nearly losing.
Anna shoots her.
Anna aims the satellite and executes her father s program  causing SolStar-2 to use up its last energy reserves to release a massive  wide-beamed microwave torrent.
Begins warming the atmosphere.
Parker and Anna continue the search and find his home.
Inside he discovers his wife s final message beside their frozen bodies.
Back outside  they watch the thick  permanent clouds  revealing the warming sun once again.
<EOS>
Cute and bubbly Sally Malasmas reluctantly agrees to process her application  obeying her parent s wish.
Their small family be reunited.
The rest  mom  dad and older sister  Charry are already residing.
They worry  but as far  her simple Philippine life surrounded is nearly perfect.
She is lonely living by herself.
Sally is concerned.
Things goes awry.
Her application gets abruptly denied.
The next day  a bewildered Will wakes.
He picked up before and due to the notorious Manila gridlock.
He finds himself instead diverted.
Where Sally incidentally works.
Seeing an opportunity  Sally buries Will s inquiry form beneath an already mounting pile of paperwork.
Will waits all day through sweltering heat and hunger.
She expected.
He gets fed up and finally confronts the scheming Sally.
She gives him a dose and nonchallantly brushes him off  informing him.
His form can not be processed properly because it is incomplete and that he must return the next day for her to go home.
An outraged Will cries foul.
Who sides.
Thus   Sally s is ordered to stay behind he needs.
Order to redeem the bureau s reputation.
Will finds the information.
Will s cold and sullen demeanor is due he may still have in the Philippines  but more importantly  the reason.
It turns out.
He was given up.
Sympathizing  Sally takes it upon herself to help him find.
What he s looking and grows closer.
But it seems.
Each has a different idea.
Will s casual relationships more traditional  old-fashioned virtues.
Together  they must set aside differences  overcome clashing cultural prejudices and ethnocentric beliefs  otherwise  unsettled issues may put a stopper.
They get the chance to realize its full potential.
<EOS>
Peter Piper and his girlfriend Sidney Taylor have been engaged.
The economic situation and the selfish demands of their respective mothers have delayed the marriage.
They imagine their future.
Sidney s mother thinks only.
Clinging Mrs Piper ca nt bear the thought that her son will one day leave her  and does her best to break up Sidney and Peter s relationship.
<EOS>
Having stolen some compromising documents  a man known as Fred escapes from the police and takes refuge in the underground world of the Paris Metro.
There he integrates.
Some of which are living to avoid police arrest like him.
Fred develops a romance.
The gangster s henchmen look.
Who had invited Fred.
Fred forms a pop band  like The Drummer and Enrico The Bass Player.
Who compose the songs.
Helena s powerful husband pressures the police to find Fred.
He is working.
One  The Rollerskater   is captured by Commissioner Gesberg.
Who had been targeted.
Another one  The Florist  robs a train carrying money  and then escapes.
Fred is searched by the police and a henchman of Helena s husband.
Was possible because Fred paid off the actual performers  with money from the train robbery  and put his band in their place.
The henchman shoots Fred.
When Helena was about to reach and warn him.
The film ends.
Who is lying.
Who are playing and being applauded in the background.
The ending is left ambiguous as.
What actually happens.
Whether he survives.
<EOS>
Bouncing Cats is the story.
Abraham Abramz Tekya  a Ugandan b-boy and an AIDS orphan creates a free workshop teaching youth b-boy culture.
Uganda is often referred to be a child.
War Child  Uganda Profile Crazy Legs receives an invitation to teach b-boy classes in Uganda.
He accepts to join the program and is inspired by the kids enrolled in it.
Bouncing Cats follows Abramz  Crazy Legs  and Breakdance Project Uganda.
Bouncing Cats is the sound made by the kids in Uganda  they create their own beat.
When they have no access  according to the film s director  Nabil Elderkin  Using ` bouncing cats  baboons and cats  in repetition.
Kotori Magazine  Nabil Elderkin s Bouncing Cats.
<EOS>
Quincy Drew and Jason ORourke travel during the slavery era.
Drew claims to be a down-on-his-luck slave owner.
Who is selling ORourke.
Drew gets the bidding rolling  sells ORourke.
The two later meet up to split the profit.
ORourke was born a free man and is very well educated.
The twist comes.
When ORourke is sold.
<EOS>
The film   tells the story of Dan Ballard and Rose Evans.
Who are about to be married when Marshal Fred McCarty and his deputies ride.
McCarty accuses Ballard and has come to arrest him.
The townspeople are on Ballard s side.
Gradually they turn.
When they believe that he has killed the town sheriff.
Ballard tries to prove his innocence and expose McCarty.
<EOS>
Harry McKenzie works by day and comes home to comfortable marriage at night.
It lacks excitement and passion.
His wife Kate blithely tells him to just go to his favorite corner tavern and have a good time.
An attractive barmaid  Audrey Minelli  captures his interest.
Harry falls by requesting a divorce.
Long. 
This horrifies their daughters  particularly Sunny   and Helen.
Who is having a difficult marriage.
Who is about to be wed.
Kate goes.
She eventually lands a job  changes her appearance and tries to adopt a new outlook on life.
But Harry brings Audrey to his daughter Helen s wedding  old wounds open up.
Continue to keep the family members apart.
<EOS>
Set in Kumamoto Prefecture  the film begins with two scenes of individuals.
After they have experienced unexplained and mysterious resurrection.
One man and woman seem aware.
A young boy finds himself alone in the forest  having suddenly reappeared after vanishing years earlier.
Eventually a representative named.
Heita Kawada appears.
It is his job to investigate this phenomenon.
Begins to be seen.
He discovers.
The child s DNA has been found to match that.
This evidence suggests.
The cases occur in such a way that the resurrected person reappears at the same age that he or she supposedly died.
Kawada   meets and interviews those.
Who are purported to have reappeared.
The investigators also interview the families.
Who have aged.
His mother has grown into an old woman  in other circumstances.
A youthful wife has reappeared to rejoin a husband now well.
The movie follows Kawada.
He wrestles.
Kawada himself  a native  also reconnects with his old friend Aoi.
Who shares a bitter memory of the death of Kawada s friend Shunsuke.
<EOS>
The film focuses on a hiking trip.
Who are visited by a strange man who tells them a bizarre ghost story.
The tale involves a 19th century farmer.
Whose skull was crushed.
The farmer was rescued by a scientist.
Who made him the subject.
But the experiment went awry.
The farmer became an indestructible homicidal maniac.
<EOS>
The story begins a few centuries  telling the story of a young Jedi apprentice.
Who lives in the balance between the force and the galaxy.
<EOS>
Set  the plot centers on Daisy Clover  a teenage tomboy.
Who lives.
She submits a song recording.
Who puts her.
Ray and his wife Melora foster Daisy s rise by any means necessary  forcing Daisy to deal with the pressures of stardom and the Swans  manipulation of her life and career.
Daisy reluctantly accepts the placement  to protect Daisy s reputation as America s valentine  and is told to tell any interviewers.
Her mother is dead.
Daisy finds some relief.
The two begin a relationship.
Their heavy drinking and partying is not good.
Soon they marry.
Who fears that the romance will interrupt Daisy s busy schedule.
Wade drives off  abandoning her.
Daisy is sleeping.
Daisy returns and runs into an extremely intoxicated Melora.
Who reveals.
Melora had an affair who is actually a closet homosexual.
The next morning  Ray tells Daisy.
He knew  but that she had to find out for herself.
Did his wife.
Ray then scoops her.
Begins their affair.
Daisy takes her mother out and moves her into a beach house.
Daisy has a nervous breakdown.
When her mother later dies.
She goes back.
Where she spends day under the care of a private nurse.
Melora visits  assuring Daisy.
She is not jealous.
Wade comes to see Daisy.
The most is a smile.
He gets out.
Ray  impatient  loses his temper and tells her.
Daisy is taking so long to recover.
She must finish the pending motion picture.
He also tells her.
He has her  but does nt care what happens to her after she completes this movie.
Ray fires the nurse and leaves the beach house.
Right  Daisy attempts suicide by putting her head in the oven.
Her attempt is interrupted.
She finally gives up.
The next day Daisy cuts her hair  changes her clothes  and turns the gas oven back.
She then lights a flame  grabs a cup of coffee  and strolls out of the house to the beach.
The house explodes.
<EOS>
Four high-school friends find.
Their basketball season disrupted when a drug dealer moves.
Brent Fencett becomes a witness.
J.
Lewis  the high school s basketball star.
Brent must decide.
Whether or not to give up his own brother or protect him from the consequences.
Meanwhile  Brent s good friend Jed Bracken attempts to uncover the truth - not realizing.
His best friend has all the answers.
<EOS>
The story concerns a soldier.
Who deserts his regiment and encounters a wagon train.
He returns.
Order to elicit help for the would be settlers who are attacked.
<EOS>
The film is an expose.
Where scandal  homicide  suicide  incest  and moral hypocrisy hide.
At the core are three women.
Constance MacKenzie is a prim and proper sexually repressed woman.
Who had an affair and bore him a child out of wedlock.
She has struggled to shield her daughter Allison  a high school senior and aspiring author   leading her to believe.
She returned after her husband died.
Selena Cross  Allison s best friend  is a good girl living.
Her alcoholic step-father  Lucas Cross  terrorizes the family  abusing his wife and child.
<EOS>
William Churchill has somehow become fully-grown and is now eighteen years old.
Now played.
Who would take in the series.
It turns out.
William s parents were involved.
They could nt bear to see it happen  so they took William and ran.
Now William   has to deal by the name of Dolores Jones.
Who does nt realize his power.
Delores  however  is actually Elizabeth Churchill  the evil witch.
Who has whipped up a spell that turns her.
<EOS>
A look advocate Jack Kevorkian.
Jack introduces a new idea.
His aim is to help the hopeless patients.
Who are suffering pain to commit suicide effortlessly.
<EOS>
The Untold is the story of Harlan Knowles  billionaire and President of Bio-Comp Industries.
Who heads up a team.
Knowles is obsessed.
Who was one.
The assembled team includes local guide Clayton Tyne  renowned wilderness expert and author Winston Burg and the beautiful Marla Lawson.
Soon  the team begins to suspect.
Knowles  main objective is actually to recover the prototype  which his company has spent years and millions of dollars developing.
The group tries to piece together clues about.
What could be responsible.
They discover.
They are facing a menace whose very existence is one.
The only people left to rescue may be themselves.
<EOS>
The film is a depiction  usually violent or bizarre.
Somehow relate.
Each scenario is presented one with little regard for narrative continuity.
Goodall p.
112 stags to survive.
The opening scene introduces a Patagonian hunter who hunts.
The opening credits play over.
He chases after a stag  which he ultimately shoots  kills  and beheads.
Afterwards  one is shown  this one in Cape Cod.
The attention quickly shifts.
Where a monkey is killed by an anaconda.
The theme changes again.
Aborigines hunt kangaroos and other large marsupials with boomerangs.
Indigenous tribes in the savanna.
Religious ceremonies are also shown.
Where the African hunters proceed to suck fresh blood.
The Australian aborigines symbolically bury their prey to placate the spirits of the animals.
Lastly  two brothers are arrested.
Other hunting traditions then follow  again rooted.
The Wild Fox Association sabotages the hunting efforts by serving wine laced with a laxative to the hunters and distracting the dogs with an Afghan bitch in heat.
Their efforts are then connected to species conservation  and to exemplify.
Hunters are truly concerned  Argentine hunters capture an Andean condor to sell to a zoo.
A collage is shown  including the tagging of white rhinoceroses  grizzly bears and elephants.
Are shot.
Argentinian deer and elephant seals are physically subdued and marked.
Tourists safaris then come to view the conservation efforts.
The narrator claims to have seemingly negated the animals  violent instincts.
This deception is demonstrated.
Another anti-hunting demonstration becomes the film s focus  this time.
Nudity and intercourse are practiced freely.
This is contrasted.
Who had strict rules concerning nudity.
The narrator argues.
Once hunting had left this group  so did their rules toward nudity.
Also highlighted is the contradiction.
Though this people are  thousands of farm-raised animals had to die to support them.
The focus changes.
Can not hunt  and thus seem detached and without focus.
This effect is.
Who no longer hunt in their homeland and have fallen into depression and melancholy.
To reverse the process  several groups go out and revive their hunting ways.
Reflected is a montage of gun ownership.
The film relates  followed by shots of illegal elephant poaching from Africa.
To offset the dwindling number due to poaching  warriors from the Lobi tribe celebrate the Ceremony of Life.
Which they masturbate and pour the product into the river  hoping the animals will drink the semen and multiply.
Attention shifts.
Fishing birds are also electronically tagged.
The prime fishing areas can be located.
This fish frenzy is reflected in the salmon run in Alaska.
Where kodiak bears hunt and fight.
An examination follows.
Where falcons assist humans  such as rabbits and pheasants.
Further collaboration is highlighted  this time with cheetahs.
To demonstrate the cheetah s speed and effectiveness  a chase is arranged  in.
The birds are hunted down and killed.
The next animal collaborators are dogs.
Hunt wild boar and a puma which has attacked a herd of sheep and a shepherd.
However  stray dogs are the ones hunted by dog catchers.
The narrator claims demonstrates that the hunt is still active.
The prey has changed.
Indios also use dogs.
Their efforts are.
Mercenaries retaliate against a death of a workman by hunting down a group of Indios   castrate and murder.
Of which they torture.
Various scenes are then shown  after.
Orangutans are hunted to be sold.
The film then ends between Erik Zimen  an ecologist  and wolves  the group of animals.
He wishes to save.
<EOS>
Vicki Lynn is a waitress.
Who is transformed by press agent Steve Christopher.
Detective Ed Cornell tries to blame the crime.
When Vicki is murdered.
The cop knows.
Who the real killer is.
He is so hopelessly.
He intends to railroad an innocent man.
Christopher tracks down the real killer and exposes the crooked cop Cornell.
<EOS>
Dr Michael Hfuhruhurr  a widowed brain surgeon renowned  saves the life of Dolores Benedict  a gold-digging femme fatale.
Who is accidentally run over when fleeing the scene of her latest husband s fatal coronary.
Hfuhruhurr falls with her.
She recovers.
They marry.
However  trouble seems to begin right  Dolores torments Michael.
He carries her.
Hfuhruhurr meets mad scientist Dr Alfred Necessiter.
Who has created a radical new technique enabling him to store living brains.
His adored new wife is really a cheap  vulgar slut.
He can communicate telepathically.
Hfuhruhurr and the disembodied brain immediately fall.
Eventually Dolores catches on.
When she spots him  and attempts to kill Anne  causing Michael to literally toss Dolores out of his house.
Dolores is out and will never get a penny of his hard-earned millions.
The convergence causes Hfuhruhurr to speculate about.
He might improve his lot.
He consults with Dr Necessiter on the basis.
His brain ought to be transplanted.
Necessiter informs him.
Brains do not actually survive for long  with Anne being his longest-lived brain to date  and instead recommends transplanting the brain into a recently deceased woman.
He realizes.
Hfuhruhurr searches.
He is unable to kill.
He professes this.
Who tells Hfuhruhurr that he can implant the brain into a gorilla that he keeps in his laboratory.
However   he realizes.
If he were to do this  Anne would have a very high voice  thus Hfuhruhurr concludes that it is not worth the risk to murder her and leaves.
Stepping  he finds.
Dolores has just been murdered.
Hfuhruhurr hurriedly takes Dolores s body  but is stopped by the Austrian Police.
Who thinks that Michael was drunk driving.
Michael explains.
He was driving sober.
Dolores is passed out.
The police are convinced and send him.
Hfuhruhurr passes a sobriety test.
Michael was driving sober.
However  Dolores  lifeless body flails  causing the police to correctly see  and promptly pursue Hfuhruhurr.
He drives away.
Dolores is not drunk  but dead.
Hfuhruhurr makes it.
Necessiter transfers Anne s consciousness.
Is viewed.
However   Hfuhruhurr is electrically shocked by the equipment and falls into a coma.
Waking up six weeks later  back  Hfuhruhurr finally meets up with Anne in Dolores s body.
Anne reveals.
Her former body was that  and that she has gained considerable weight in her new body.
However  Hfuhrhurr loves Anne.
Who she is  and takes no notice.
They are married shortly thereafter  and reenact the previous over-the-threshold scene.
The film ends.
They see him.
<EOS>
An out is hired by a stripper  a male model  and a car salesman to listen to their problems and go see a psychiatrist on their behalf  the three nuts lack the funds to see the psychiatrist on their own  hence the request.
The actor has to pretend.
He alone has all the problems who hired him.
The psychiatrist is naturally intrigued and begins secretly recording her sessions.
<EOS>
A young autistic woman named.
Zen has developed uncanny martial arts skills.
She also has uncanny reflexes and is able to catch balls thrown without even looking.
Zen is the daughter.
Zin was previously the girlfriend.
Who was jealous.
He shoots his own toe as a symbolic gesture and forbids Zin from ever seeing him again.
Zin asks Masashi to go back.
They would not be able to be together safely.
He begrudgingly leaves.
Zin finds herself pregnant and moves into a new place to get away from No.
.
She has a daughter named Zen.
Who is soon found to be autistic.
Zin one day decides to tell Masashi by writing him a letter.
Zen gets older.
No.
8 finds out.
Zin is and is furious.
He visits Zin and cuts.
She is forbidden.
Zin is forced to move again.
Zen becomes infatuated and begins to self-teach herself by mimicking the moves  as well as.
She sees.
What she watches.
One day  Zin sees a little boy named Moom being picked on.
When coming home.
Feeling sorry  she takes him in.
Zin then falls ill and does not have the money to pay for chemotherapy treatments.
Zen and Moom attempt to make the money needed to pay by having people throw balls at Zen as a street performance act.
Unfortunately  they are not able to earn enough to keep up.
One day Moom discovers a list from the days.
When Zin was a high-interest moneylender.
.
Zen and Moom decide to collect.
Order to get money to pay.
The first attempt to collect the money turns violent.
Zen uses her copied Martial Arts skills to fight back.
This leads with various criminal gangs and  eventually  No.
.
No.
8 learns.
Zen is collecting debts.
Zin finds out.
What Zen and Moom have been doing when her toe is sent to her as a message.
She realizes.
There will be retaliation.
8 and sends Moom.
To mail a letter asking for help.
Moom is captured.
8 s gang  but No.
8 has the letter mailed anyway.
He wants to deal.
Masashi receives the letter and leaves the Yakuza for the sake of his family.
Zin goes to confront No.
When Moom does nt return.
8 to save Moom and try to reach a solution  bringing Zen.
The conversation turns both Zin and No.
8 are wounded and No.
8 takes Zin hostage.
Zen fights.
8 s crew to get her mother back.
Zen s father  Masashi  eventually makes it  but.
He and Zin are fighting No.
8 s men Zin is mortally wounded.
.
Angered.
What has happened.
8 s men.
She catches up.
8 and throws him.
She returns to find her dead.
Masashi comforts his long lost daughter and adopts Zen.
<EOS>
Jenny Monroe is a typical all American teenage girl.
Who has a falling out and does nt return home.
Jenny s mother  Jean  is worried.
Three days later  Jenny s body is discovered across her back.
Furious both try and track down the killer.
Ellen and her daughter  Celeste  move.
Ellen had wanted Jenny s room.
Jean had Ellen sleeping.
Jenny s room was later turned.
Kathy Pearl  another friend of Jenny  comes forward out of guilt.
Kathy tells the police.
Then finally drowning her.
Kathy claims.
They did it because they believed Jenny had slept.
It was revealed and wanted to be her.
The plain and overweight Ellen was jealous.
Kathy told the police.
She fled town because Ellen threatened her if she talked.
<EOS>
The film is set.
The story appears to take place sometime.
Professor Abronsius   and his apprentice Alfred are on the hunt for vampires.
Abronsius is old and withering and barely able to survive the cold ride.
Alfred is bumbling and introverted.
The two hunters come seemingly at the end of a long search for signs of vampires.
The two stay.
Who perform strange rituals to fend off an unseen evil.
Alfred develops a fondness for Sarah  the daughter of the tavern keeper Yoine Shagal.
Count von Krolock  Abronsius and Alfred follow his snow trail  leading them to Krolock s ominous castle in the snow-blanketed hills nearby.
They break  but are trapped by the Count s hunchback servant  Koukol.
He affects an air of aristocratic dignity.
He cleverly questions Abronsius.
They also encounter the Count s son  the foppish Herbert.
Meanwhile  Shagal himself has been vampirized and sets.
He was still human.
Abronsius and Alfred accept the Count s invitation to stay in his ramshackle Gothic castle.
Where Alfred spends the night fitfully.
The next morning  Abronsius plans to find the castle crypt and kill the Count  seemingly forgetting.
The crypt is guarded  so after some wandering they climb in through a roof window.
However  Abronsius gets stuck.
It is up to kill the Count.
He feels unable to do.
He has to go back outside.
He comes upon Sarah having a bath in her room.
She seems oblivious.
When he pleads for her to come away  and reveals that a ball is to take place this very night.
Alfred turns to find Sarah vanished into thin air.
Who is half frozen.
Alfred again seeks Sarah but meets Herbert instead.
Who first attempts to seduce him.
Then   reveals his vampire nature and attempts to bite him.
Alfred realizes that Herbert s reflection does not show.
Abronsius and Alfred flee through a dark stairway to safety  only to be trapped behind a locked door on a turret.
They become horrified witnesses.
Night is falling.
The gravestones below open up to reveal a huge number at the castle  who hibernate and meet once a year only to feast upon any captives the Count has provided for them.
The Count appears  mocking them and tells them their fate.
Is sealed.
He leaves them to attend a dance.
Where Sarah will be presented.
However  the hunters escape a cannon at the door by substituting steam pressure for gunpowder  and come to the dance in disguise  and flee.
Where they grab Sarah.
Escaping  they are now unaware.
It is too late.
<EOS>
Ten-year-old Jess Aarons is an aspiring yet shy elementary school boy living.
Ten-year-old Leslie Burke is the new girl  just arriving on the school s athletics day.
She enters a running event.
She wins.
Jess is  first  quite sour about this and wants nothing to do with Leslie.
Leslie s persistence soon pays off  with the two becoming friends.
Jess shares his secret love  Leslie shares with Jess her love of fantasy stories.
Together they venture.
Where they go.
Here  the two friends invent a whole new world -- Terabithia.
It comes through their eyes.
They explore together.
Jess and Leslie base the Creatures on the people.
Give them a hard time.
Their teacher  Ms.
Edmunds  notices Jess s artistic skills and decides to take him to an art museum.
Jess has an unspoken crush and does not want to share the trip with Leslie  so he goes to the museum without inviting her.
His family is worried sick.
When Jess returns home.
Jess neglected to tell them where he was going  then tells him the horrific news  Leslie died  though she was a good swimmer the current was too strong for her.
Jess denies after reciting his infamous line.
You lie.
Jess feels overwhelming guilt  thinking.
It would not have happened.
He invited Leslie along.
Edmunds.
He is consoled.
Their intense friendship should be kept alive.
Later   he hears a girl s voice calling for help and finds his little sister May Belle on the fallen tree trunk  frozen with terror after trying to follow him across.
He rescues her and then invites his sister to be the new princess.
Who is delighted.
She and Jess bring back Terabithia  Jess the king.
His sister the new princess.
They rule together forever.
<EOS>
The film is entirely based.
Khogiram  his wife and their children Pinu and Rimzim belong.
Khogiram and Ritu have a hand-to-mouth income working and can barely manage things.
The kids are affected as well.
They go.
It is Khogiram s ambition to give them the educational opportunities he missed.
But the financial crunch makes it difficult to match the standards of the school.
They do nt have enough money.
Things become worse.
When Pinu misplaces Rimzim s only pair.
Pinu tells Rimzim and begs her not to tell their mother  she agrees.
Rimzim ca nt go without her shoes.
They work out a scheme.
Where both share the same shoes.
Rimzim will wear them to school and hand them off to Pinu at midday.
He can attend afternoon classes.
However  Pinu always gets at school waiting for Rimzim to give him the shoes.
Meanwhile  Pinu s father  desperate  borrows some gardening equipment and heads off with Pinu to the rich suburbs of the town to find some gardening work.
They try many mansions.
A mansion belonging agree.
His father works.
Pinu plays.
They make a lot and decide to work at the mansion.
One day rimzim see a girl wearing her lost shoes.
She follow the girl.
She takes pinu.
They find out.
Family is more poor.
One day Rimzim is attracted.
The same poor girl is wearing.
She asks her.
What she did.
She is greatly disappointed.
When she learns that the girl had thrown away her old pair.
Meanwhile  Pinu comes to know.
Where one is a pair of shoes.
Pinu enters the marathon race.
He could exchange and give to Rimzim.
He accidentally wins the race and is placed first.
He is shocked and cries.
He watches at the new pair of sneakers being awarded to the third placed runner.
<EOS>
An old man Lando has buried something.
He encounters a group.
When he is finished.
The chieftain demands Lando to give back something.
Belongs which he refuses.
Angered  he and his tribesmen savagely killed him.
Bikbok moved with his blind mother Isay  his baby brother and his discontented stepfather Allan to survive poverty.
Where Allan can take charge after his uncle Lando died earlier.
The next day  Allan finds something.
Where he encounters an object that was buried earlier which reveals to be a crystal.
Bikbok watches outside and noticed the white creatures watching him.
The next day  Allan s cousin Pey takes Isay  Allan and Bikbok to cure their baby.
He saw a group and decide to follow it.
They leave when Bikbok began to collect some water.
He stops.
Where he finds a waterfall and began venturing it.
He notices the same creatures earlier are watching him.
When he plays.
The chieftain orders runs.
His tribe to catch him.
He attempts to escape.
The chieftain tells him to give back something.
It was stolen.
Bikbok assures.
He and his family did nt steal anything.
The chieftain tells him.
If he did nt return it otherwise when the new moon arrives  he and his family will be in danger.
Bikbok runs and tells her on.
What he saw.
Epang realizes.
The white creatures were the Tamawos  a group who were creatures and tribal warriors who always take away people even children.
Epang tells him.
Bikbok tells her.
He need to find out what they have stolen because the tamawos will never stop until it was returned.
Meanwhile  Pey was killed.
When he encountered them.
Bikbok and his family were attacked by a group of tamawos.
Allan was wounded.
Bikbok tries to tell him his story.
Allan distrusts him.
Allan walks and tried to find Pey.
Where he finds his mutilated body.
Horrified and grieved  they decide to leave.
He finds the crystal.
When Bikbok enters Allan s room.
Held a baby  realizing it is the object that the tamawos were looking.
The next day  Allan decide to avenge Pey.
Who killed him where the ranch owner began blaming him.
Allan begrudgingly leave.
He returns and decide to leave.
Where he find the egg gone.
Outraged  he demands them.
Allan threatens.
When Isay tell Bikbok that he steal it.
Bikbok but Isay hits him to protect her son.
She urges Bikbok to escape.
When Allan threatens Isay.
He grabs the egg and run off.
Allan chases.
Meanwhile  the tamawos capture Isay and the baby.
Bikbok tried to return the egg.
Allan find him and attempt to grab the egg.
Allan throws the egg  breaking it.
Where the tamawos notice this.
The tamawos arrive and see their baby.
Allan runs off.
Had died which enrages them.
Isay finds her baby.
When the tamawos began to take them.
Allan arrives and fights the tamawos to save her.
They began to escape.
The tamawos arrive and cornered them.
They began attacking Allan.
He begs.
The chieftain refuses.
He had done as the tribe kills him.
Bikbok runs and begs them to takes him instead for their baby.
When the tamawos began to take Isay.
Isay began crying.
Bikbok bids farewell.
They helplessly watches him taken away.
Best friends Lucy and Shane have their camping along with the other students.
Shane is at gate of the lighthouse with Lucy s ex-boyfriend Bryan and began talking to him about Lucy s promise to him.
She wants to go.
Bryan refuses her to get in  assuring.
It is restricted.
Lucy arrives.
Shane convinces her to join.
The girls enter and began venturing the lighthouse.
When Lucy reluctantly agreed.
Andoy  arrives.
Bryan was watching.
Who was guarding the lighthouse.
Andoy warns them to go down.
When the girls reach the top and enjoy the view.
Lucy and Shane does nt believe him.
The lighthouse was.
When the girls refuses Andoy s warning.
Andoy runs and tries to get them.
The girls each saw two ghosts.
Horrified  they attempt to leave and nearly fell.
Andoy arrive  startling them.
He catches them.
The two ghosts are walking  causing the girls and Andoy to fell down the lighthouse.
When he attempt to pull them up.
Lucy and Shane are.
They both survive.
Shane gets out.
Shane arrives before their mothers Angelie & Beth have their rivalry with each other.
The ghosts began to follow them.
The girls leave.
Lucy began to question her mother.
She has hatred.
She tells her that Beth has a relationship.
Afterwards  the ghosts began tormenting Lucy & Shane to break their friendship.
The girls began to quarrel each other over their families.
Their tensions grew further.
The ghosts torments the girls.
Lucy mysteriously kills a girl.
Who had been bullying her.
Meanwhile  the parents  problem grew further  Shane caught her mother talking.
Where his wife scolds and force him to leave which devastates her and Lucy.
Shane tries to call Lucy and tried to talk on the incident at the lighthouse earlier.
Lucy refuses.
Suddenly  the ghosts appear and continue tormenting them.
The next day  Lucy caught Shane.
Whom Bryan hugged her which causes to break their friendship.
Meanwhile  Norman appears and tries to take Beth.
She tells him to leave.
Outraged  he tried to grab her.
Bryan tells the story about the lighthouse in the Spanish era.
It was constructed.
Rowana attempts to apprehend Cornelia.
Her family died further.
She realized that Cornelia killed them.
Rowana decide to avenge her family.
The witches encounter each other and began to fight.
Cornelia summons a lightning storm  killing Rowana and herself.
People were omitted to enter the lighthouse during their death anniversary  their ghosts will be awakened and began to tempt & victimize two people.
The lighthouse was built.
Who entered the lighthouse to relive their rivalry.
Shane overhears this and began to leave.
Norman is in a medical condition.
Lucy realizes this and leave the hospital as well.
She arrive and began to attack Beth.
Shane arrive and finds her mother near death.
She finds Lucy and began to fight.
Angelie arrives and knocks Shane unconscious.
When Shane began to kill Lucy.
She began to help her daughter.
She disappeared along.
The girls are.
The witches  souls possess them.
The girls face each other and continue their fight.
The girls  consciousness revoke.
They struggle.
They began to apologize each other and promised.
They will never be apart  thus reliving their friendship.
But  Lucy & Shane were killed.
When Rowana and Cornelia s souls were still fighting.
The next six months  Norman and Angelie make out each other.
Afterwards  Norman returns.
Who gives birth.
The twins revealed to be the reincarnation of Lucy and Shane.
Cynthia & her family began to leave.
When their house and their factory was flooded.
Mar s anniversary plans were ruined  She began to have labor.
Mar takes her.
The news report in Marikina shows.
When beginning to have labor.
The youth workers died after the typhoon stopped.
The next year  Cynthia and Mar move.
They were expecting to have another baby.
Their baby died earlier.
Mar s brother Nante began to bring Cynthia back to the condominium to cook for dinner.
Cynthia became aquaphobic.
They left when it rained.
Cynthia leaves Nante and returns to the condominium.
Water began to pour out.
Nante was.
He attempts to escape.
More water began flooding around his car and drowns him.
The police began questioning the family about Nante s death by drowning.
She suffered a nightmare.
Cynthia was sleeping.
Involve Nante s body floating before she wakes up.
The next day  Cynthia met a wealthy couple buying.
She began to tour the place.
The man find.
When touring.
Cynthia decides to tour more.
She encounters an old woman.
After Cynthia collects her allowance.
Who returns the donation and gives her the warning until a guard forces her to leave which Cynthia was horrified before she collapses.
She notices the children drawing an eye.
She was recovered.
She returns.
Cynthia suffered her nightmare again.
It involves Mar.
She woke up.
Mar was nearly drowned.
Cynthia began to tell him from the typhoon earlier.
Mar arrives.
Mar disbelieves.
Dina arrive at the factory with a priest to bless it.
The old woman from the bank is watching her.
She notice the old lady talking.
Cynthia have a baby.
Cynthia began to question Dina on.
What the old lady said.
Dina replies.
What the lady said and remembered what happened earlier which she did nt save him from the house fire revealing the dead will never rest when nobody saves them.
Meanwhile Mar   was killed.
Who was returning.
When he was drowned that he is riding.
She encountered a group.
Cynthia escape.
Horrified  she runs and attempt to escape.
Where she finds Mar s dead body.
She began to give birth.
Cynthia mourns.
Both Cynthia and Maritess became guilty about the youth workers.
Who died.
It is revealed.
Cynthia & her family were responsible.
They lock the youth workers after their shift.
They beg the family.
The arrival began to leave.
They were killed.
Their spirits began to haunt them.
Meanwhile  Maritess began to leave the hospital.
She notice the children.
Still standing  she was killed.
When a truck hits her.
Cynthia began to give the donation back.
Began selling their new factory.
The lady refuses.
Her grandchildren have been working to help her grandmother.
The lady s grandchildren were.
Who died.
Cynthia begs the lady to accept it.
That she could leave with her child  which the old lady accepts.
Cynthia returns to the factory but suddenly she hear the children singing and began raining.
& enters the warehouse to pay respects.
The water floods were closed and locked.
Where the drowned ghosts are.
The last scene shows the glimpse.
<EOS>
Holly Crosby is the daughter  the owner of Santaville  an amusement park focusing on Christmas  open 365 days a year.
Who is devoted with all of his heart and soul.
Years later  she is a successful businesswoman.
She does not have a social life.
Devoted. 
One day   she receives a call from Peter  her father s employee  informing her.
He was injured.
She immediately packs her bags and heads back.
She is estranged.
There  she does not plan.
Her father   is delighted by her arrival and is enthusiastic about spending Christmas with her.
This upsets Peter.
Who notices the coldness and her lack of interest in Christmas.
Holly soon finds out.
Peter is a guy she met and that she inspired his interest in The Nutcracker.
She is shocked to discover.
Her father is and that he will lose Santaville.
She tries to prevent this.
She softens up  grows closer to Peter  and remembers the true meaning of Christmas.
She has trouble collecting the finance.
One day  she meets Ben Richards  a seemingly friendly financial adviser.
Who decides to help her save Santaville.
This makes Peter jealous.
Who has secretly fallen with Holly.
She and Ben help Nick get a silent partner.
Nick is not interested  much.
Upset  she decides to confront him with being the second fiddle.
He explains.
He has trouble dealing and that he has thrown himself on his work so he would not be forced to deal with the grief.
They reconcile.
He finally allows her to help him.
Holly convinces Nick to sign a partnership.
She finds out.
Ben was only interested and that he tried to set him up.
They start a nationwide promotion.
When the Crosbys find out they will have to come up to save Santaville.
It proves not to be enough to save Santaville.
A lot travel to the amusement park.
Peter saves the day by selling his Nutcracker dolls.
He has made.
Nick kisses Ginny  a devoted employee.
Who always has had a crush.
Holly announces.
She has married Peter and that she is expecting to have his baby.
<EOS>
Alby Cutrera is a pathologically nostalgic guy.
Who  just wishes he could ride his Schwinn 5 speed around all day on a Cherry Slurpee high.
His wife Suzanne and son Josh love him but it s getting old.
He s funny and creative.
There s rent to pay.
Finally losing patience  Suzanne Do nt come back.
Kicks him out.
You grow up.
There   he decides to look up his old best friend from childhood  Elias Guber.
Alby is thrilled to get back and relive old times.
There s a problem - Elias remembers a much less rosy version.
In which he was Alby s performing monkey.
But  Elias ca nt resist Alby s entreaties to take him along on a trip to Diggityland  a theme park up in central Florida.
Was their favorite place.
Elias is going there to get an award as a special-ed teacher  a decidedly grown-up occupation  - a move will reinstate him in the good graces of his family and signal his transition into adulthood.
Alby needs a ride up the coast to sell his precious action figures.
He thinks.
Each pokes a new hole.
Ultimately it s one  a developmentally disabled boy named Rollie  a boy literally denied by fate the chance to ever become an adult.
Who teaches Alby the value.
<EOS>
The film opens.
All the while they are unknowingly being watched.
They carry.
The story then jumps.
Cassie is struggling  her relationship is fractious.
She is struggling to run her farm.
Her financial situation is so bad.
She can no longer afford to pay Cooper.
She is visited.
Who is eager to buy Cassie s farm and marry her  both of which Cassie declines.
Enter Aden  an old friend.
Who was passing.
Quick to cover up her secret  Cassie tells Aden.
Dean left.
Aden asks.
He can stay the night.
Cassie reluctantly concedes.
Some convincing.
The next day Aden persuades Cassie.
He can be on the farm.
Cassie allows him to stay  much to the displeasure of Cassie s 16 year old daughter Hannah.
Who immediately dislikes Aden  sussing out his intentions.
Karsten s interest escalates.
His jealousy mounts.
He throws  gloatingly kills one of Cassie s calves and builds a roadblock denying Cassie access to the outside world.
This is the last straw and Aden tells Cassie.
He will talk.
But instead Aden kills Karsten and his brother  Noah.
Life settles down.
She quickly falls.
Aden helps Cassie out  making a good deal on cattle feed and suggesting.
She get rid as he is costing too much.
It s.
Hannah confronts Aden  knowing that what he really wants is to control the family.
Aden enjoys her teenage bravado  and quickly retorts.
Stunned and hurt  Hannah flees the farm.
Is Aden s irrational hunting  much to Cassie s shock.
What follows.
Aden strikes Cassie.
When he returns without Hannah.
He is clearly deranged.
Cassie walks him.
If he ever came back she would kill him.
She tracks down Hannah and in a long time  mother and daughter connect.
Hannah promises to return.
That night  Cassie finds Dean s wedding ring.
Spooked  she traipses back and digs up the grave only to find it empty.
She contacts Cooper stating.
There s no body.
The next morning Cooper and Cassie find her prized bull dead  throat slit.
This is the last straw.
She marches up  but is the rotting  fly-ridden bodies of Karsten and Noah  and Aden living in the house.
What she finds.
Cassie tries to escape and Amy back.
Amy but Aden knocks her out and takes her.
Aden confesses all  Dean was not dead  but escaped and fled back to the oil rigs - the only other place.
Cassie comes round.
He knew.
There he told Aden everything  the abuse.
Aden tells Cassie.
Who had everything and pissed it away.
Realising  Cassie tries to talk Aden round.
She is now.
All is.
He wants.
Them to be a family.
The moment Hannah returns home  Aden locks Cassie and her daughters.
It is here.
Where the truth comes out and  as mother and daughter talk about Dean s abuse.
Cassie confesses.
She tried to kill Dean when she found out.
He escaped and went back.
Amy admits.
Now secrets out in the open  the three of them bond and unite.
Is Aden s attempt.
What follows.
The girls attempt.
Together they manage to lure him.
Little Amy surprises Aden and pushes him.
Cassie spots Aden s lighter in the mud  she strikes it and lets it fall into the methane-filled cavity.
The pit and the surrounding methane erupt as a family.
<EOS>
Deepa Nandy lives with her sister and brother in law Premendra.
Tired  Deepa goes to Kolkata to look for a job.
She stays.
She does not manage to get a job and decides to go back to Taramati.
A pickpocket snatches her bag from the train window.
This bag contained all her certificates.
The co-passengers chip manages to reach home.
Her brother-in-law makes a sarcastic remark.
Meanwhile Ajit Choudhury boards the train to go.
Incidentally the pickpocket had thrown Deepa s bag after taking the money.
Ajit finds the bag.
We come to know.
Ajit is an orphan.
He has a curious hobby.
Ajit arrives and meets Haradhan Kundu or Kundu Singh.
Kundu Singh s grandfather had come and set up a hotel.
However  the business floundered and Kundu s job became to help visitors get hotels etc.
Kundu Singh arranges a room.
Here Ajit meets Rupmati.
Who lives next door.
Ajit sends Deepa s bag to her.
Deepa is overjoyed and sends back a thank.
You note.
This exchange continues.
Ajit and Deepa fall with each other.
Meanwhile Rupmati is infatuated and tries to learn Bengali phrases from Kundu Singh to impress Ajit.
But  Rupmati is infuriated and confronts Ajit.
When Kundu Singh tells Rupmati with Deepa.
Ajit calls up Deepa.
Every Sunday and Deepa send a T-Shirt to Ajit so that she can recognize Ajit.
Meanwhile  Deepa gets another interview call.
Her brother arranges for the money to go to Kolkata and tells Deepa s sister.
He will be glad if Deepa gets a job and has already identified a match.
Ajit is asked by the company MD to take new responsibility in factory to manage union troubles.
Union leaders threaten Ajit.
Ajit tries to quit job and go back.
The company gives him a transfer.
Rupmati asks.
Ajit leaves.
Ajit bumps at the train station.
They do nt recognize each other.
Deepa harbours a dislike and tries to avoid him.
Though they meet accidentally.
Preeti is the daughter.
Preeti flirts.
Ajit discourages Preeti and spurns her advances.
Preeti gets a job but does not want to leave Kolkata.
Deepa goes back.
A letter gets into the hands of Preeti.
Ajit is not able to get a job and decides to drive a taxi.
Deepa s brother-in-law brings a marriage proposal.
Deepa meets the proposed candidate and tells him.
Deepa goes to look for Ajit.
She goes to look.
Aruna but Aruna was nt home.
Deepa gets but still does not recognize him.
Preeti gives Deepa the address.
Deepa goes to meet Ajit s former colleague.
Who happens to be Prabodh  who had once proposed.
Prabodh reassures Deepa.
He will try to find Ajit.
Deepa gets drenched and goes in Ajit s taxi to his friend s house.
Ajit gives Deepa the sari.
He had bought without knowing her identity.
He wears the T-shirt but covers it.
AJit was drneched too.
Deepa had sent him.
Deepa goes back.
She had not returned.
So Deepa decides to go back.
Deepa s friend gets.
They come to know.
Their friends Ajit and Deepa love each other.
Aruna gets the letter and decides to go to the station to meet Deepa.
Ajit removes his shawl.
As the train is leaving.
Deepa recognizes the.
She runs as the credits roll.
<EOS>
Carolyn McDuffy.
Has eluded them.
Carolyn is linked and is horrified.
Because she has never been.
Pumpkin is kind.
Soon she finds herself falling.
He is genuine   as led by Julie Thurber  and her boyfriend  Kent Woodlands.
Carolyn experiences backlash and disdain  including Pumpkin s own mother  Judy  despite the fact.
Carolyn s love has inspired Pumpkin to get out and become the best athlete on the team.
Judy later walks and discovers.
Carolyn and Pumpkin have been sexually involved.
Pumpkin s mother accuses her and says.
He has no idea what she has done.
She calls Carolyn s school.
Carolyn is kicked out.
Carolyn then drinks medicine to overdose and commit suicide  but suffers no ill effect after finding out.
She has merely drank saline solution.
Strings are pulled.
Kent and Carolyn are the perfect couple and would ensure that the sorority wins the award.
Carolyn is let back.
Kent takes her back.
Pumpkin and his friends crash the party.
Pumpkin can dance.
Kent wo nt stand and keep Pumpkin s friends at bay.
As the girls hold Carolyn.
Kent turns his back  knocking him unconscious.
Pumpkin gathers his wits  charging and tackling Kent.
Kent gets up  looks around  and runs off crying.
Carolyn tries to take Pumpkin inside.
Julie and the sorority sisters wo nt let them.
Carolyn pushes her way.
They dance alone.
Soon  others start to see the love and join them on the dance floor.
Kent is shown driving erratically and sobbing hysterically.
They re dancing.
He swerves to avoid a truck and plunges off a cliff in midair  crashing to the bottom.
Carolyn goes to check on Kent and finds.
He is now paraplegic  though not burned.
He blames Carolyn.
She is left distraught.
She quits school  the sorority  and swears off Pumpkin forever.
The sorority stops helping the team.
The rival sorority wins the award.
Carolyn enrolls and opens up to her peers.
Who encourage her to go.
The sorority sisters have a change and show up at the Olympic event.
Kent is now the coach and has become a motivator and humble person.
Pumpkin races his rival  a bully.
Who berates Pumpkin.
Pumpkin is motivated  telling him to win it for Carolyn and saying.
She would nt want him to lose.
He sees Carolyn and gets a sudden boost of energy.
He s running.
Pumpkin wins the race.
He is congratulated by the sorority sisters  his mother  and Kent.
Carolyn comes down to see Pumpkin.
His mother is hugging him.
She endears him  finally accepting her son s progress into a man.
She asks him.
Carolyn and Pumpkin walk off together.
What name she should call him  his real name  Jesse.
He replies.
Pumpkin will be fine.
<EOS>
The story follows Jake Gray  a young man.
Who s been having bizarre visions.
His experience called The Pathway.
Following the deaths Conrad and Dakota   Jake soon learns.
Who introduced him.
The Pathway is actually being run.
They ve been using it to look.
As they manipulate others.
The victims of The Pathway commit suicide in various gruesome ways.
Who dabbles.
His wife  Anne Kilton  and their unborn child were taken and sacrificed to the devil.
He tracks down Kater and learns  and raised as a human.
Anne was not  that she gave birth  and that her child was stolen by mortals.
He is that child  the person.
Whom The Pathway was created to find.
Anne is really Satan herself.
Ultimately  Jake confronts his birth mother.
Where he was stolen.
Marisol was  .
Jake is shown a vision of the night.
He was born.
He awakens covered on the ground the next day  only to be arrested for the murder of his parents.
The movie ends.
Everything really was not created and if he had committed all those murders.
<EOS>
Hearing a strange voice  Alata finds a mysterious girl and offers to help her find.
What she is looking.
She introduces herself.
She runs off to find a horn.
Later as he thinks.
Sad Rasil  Alata and the Gosei Angels are alerted when he detects Warstar.
They head.
Landed. 
The others go.
Where the other meteorite is.
The Landick Siblings realize.
The meteor is a fake as Alata sees Rasil  who has the real one.
Confronting her  Rasil reveals.
She is the meteorite is dangerous before they are attacked.
The Goseigers transform  but are powerless.
Deinbaruto takes the meteorite from Rasil and unseals the nihongo from the two meteorites before the aliens take their leave.
Alata chases and learns.
The others learn that the Horn is a doomsday weapon can destroy worlds.
She was.
Later  Gyoten  o & Deinbaruto are greeted.
Who assumes his Warstar guise and offers his services before Gyoten  o gives Deinbaruto the Horn to begin the end.
Assuring Rasil  Alata is joined.
He and the other Gosei Angels will stop it.
They all ambushed.
Leaving Rasil  the Gosei Angels find Gyoten  o & Deinbaruto.
They assume Goseiger forms to fight them and Buredoran after Gyoten  o swallows the Horn.
Fighting uses his Bibi Bugs to enlarge Gyoten  o.
Deinbaruto is destroyed.
But  Gosei Red unable to form Gosei Great.
However  Rasil s praying gives the Goseigers the Gosei Wonder Card.
Summoning Gosei Wonder  they form Wonder Gosei Great to fight Gyoten ` o.
The Goseigers manage to destroy both Gyoten  o and the Horn of Ragnarok with Wonder Strike.
Later   Rasil leaves Earth returns to her home world to rebuild it alongside another survivor.
The Gosei Angels wave goodbye with their battle with Warstar truly over.
<EOS>
Terri Fletcher is a teenager of becoming a professional singer.
Her father Simon  a second-generation restaurateur  disapproves  stating.
Being a singer may not be a worthwhile life choice.
His opposition stems from resentment  Simon turned down a similar scholarship to run his parents  restaurant  he is intimidated by the thought of his daughter flourishing.
When they became ill.
Where he could nt bring himself to try.
Terri is very close Paul  despite.
Who fully supports her dream.
What their dad says.
One night   Terri & Paul sneak out of the house to attend a Three Days Grace concert.
They are in a car accident.
Terri awakes.
Where she learns that Paul was killed and loses interest.
She wanted to do for a scholarship of $.
However  Terri s mother  Frances  has a different opinion  knowing and is able to convince her to go.
Paul would have wanted Terri to attend the program.
Frances tells Simon.
Terri plans to live in Palm DesertEbert  Roger.
Raise Your Voice.
Chicago Sun-Times and allows her daughter to travel to LA.
Terri arrives and weathers some difficult ordeals  her jacket is stolen  her cab driver is crabby.
The door is locked  fellow student Jay lets her.
When she arrives.
Terri arrives safely.
Terri makes new friends and learns a great deal.
Problems arise.
When she is plagued.
Terri develops a mutual fondness for Jay.
She faces competition.
Who was involved the previous summer.
It is obvious.
Robin still harbors feelings.
He does not reciprocate these feelings.
Jay tries to get Robin to cease her efforts to keep him and Terri apart.
She kisses him.
As Terri walks in.
Jay pushes Robin away.
Terri runs off  ignoring Jay s insistence.
The kiss meant nothing.
Later  finding him drunk  Terri and her roommate Denise take Jay elsewhere to sober up.
Terri tells Jay the truth  he was killed by a drunk driver.
When he does.
Jay apologizes.
Terri agrees to finish the song.
They ve been working on.
Simon learns of Terri s ruse and becomes furious.
Simon comes to the school.
Terri finds him packing up her belongings  he reams his daughter.
She begs him to let her finish and not let the summer go to waste.
What she started here.
Ultimately  her father concedes.
Terri and Jay then perform the song.
They wrote dedicating it to Paul.
The scholarship prize is won.
Simon is proud.
Terri s teachers hope to see her next year  Simon replies.
They just might.
Terri performs for her parents and Nina  with Jay cheering her on.
<EOS>
Bugs wanders.
Absent-Mindedly begins reading the title card  grossly mispronouncing all  such as Avary for Avery rather than the correct Avery  and crediting Dave Menahenn with the story rather than Monahan  and animator Charles.
He becomes outraged  tears apart the title card  and rushes.
When he finally gets.
He then bets the little  sleepy-eyed turtle.
Dollars that he can beat him.
Cecil accepts Bugs  bet.
He quickly calls up Chester Turtle and eight other cousins  and sound.
The race starts.
Of whom look.
He tells him to call the other cousins and tell them to be ready  and to give him the works.
When he comes.
Shortly  Cecil and his relatives take turns showing up at just the right moment to baffle the bunny.
Cecil confides to the audience  We do this kind of stuff to him all through the picture.
Bugs is left wondering  then all ten turtles approach and reply  Hmmm  eh  it s a possibility.
He s been tricked.
<EOS>
Benjamin is an aspiring songwriter.
Who attempts to break by giving a copy of his recording track of a Christmas album to a rap artist named.
Nancy is a divorced mother.
Who is too busy taking care to take care of herself.
Her daughter Emily overhears.
Her mother say that she wished from a man.
The daughter tells the local mall s Santa Claus.
The Santa Claus turns out to be Benjamin.
Who notices Nancy.
Later   Benjamin and his friend Jamal see Nancy go.
Sitting after his shift as Santa.
Benjamin borrows Jamal s jacket  pretends to drop it off  tells Nancy  and leaves.
She s a very attractive woman.
Eventually  the two start up falling in love -- without Ben realizing.
Nancy s ex-husband is.
Things take a turn because Nancy s oldest son  John-John is jealous of Benjamin going out with his mother and plots to break up the relationship.
Is a series.
What follows.
Show viewers what family is really about.
Queen Latifah and Terrence Howard play omniscient roles.
Howard is a mischievous and sly angel named Bah Humbug   called Mrs Christmas.
Latifah is the kind  thoughtful angel.
<EOS>
Conrad Veidt plays Dr Warren.
Who changes.
This transformation is brought as in Stevenson s original  but through the supernatural agency of a bust of Janus.
Warren / OConnor purchases.
Warren / OConnor is forced to keep the statuette himself.
When she refuses the gift  horrified.
It is.
Dr Warren first transforms  and returns to Jane s house in a rage  kidnapping her and taking her back to his laboratory.
Warren is horrified by.
What he has done and tries to sell the bust.
The hold forces him to buy it back again.
It has.
A second transformation proves to be his ruin  committing random acts in the streets.
Ultimately  Dr Warren is forced to take poison after locking himself in his laboratory.
He dies  clutching the statue.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Two transported convicts  George Worrall and Frederick Fisher  are released and take up farms.
They are both successful and become friends.
Worrall persuades Fisher to go to England and says.
He will manage Fisher s farm.
A few months later  Worrall goes with a letter from Fisher saying and has instructed Worrall to sell his farm.
He has decided to stay.
A settler called.
Farley sees an apparition who purports to be Fisher sitting.
This apparition claims and later indicates.
He was been murdered.
Where Fisher s body lays.
Worrall is arrested to a girl.
Who does not return his affections.
He is tried  convicted and sentenced.
He eventually confesses.
<EOS>
She is buried due to her fear of premature burial.
When a wealthy woman dies.
Her heirs start to die mysteriously.
Her will can be read.
<EOS>
Former teen idol Nam Hyeon-soo is and working as a radio DJ.
Who thinks he is pretty popular.
A young woman named she is going to meet her father.
Hwang Jeong-nam sent stories  telling him.
When He finds out that he is the father when she comes to his apartment with her son.
He also finds out.
The other Jeong-Nam s real name is.
Jae-In and her son .
Not believing it  he goes.
The results say.
They re related.
Jae-in wants to perform.
Hyeon-soo thinks.
This will reveal his scandal.
Ki-Dong s dad Bak Sang-Yeoun finds.
When she started getting popular.
They meet and chat.
Sang-Yeoun thought Jae-In was.
Later  Ki-Dong went missing.
Brought Hyeon-soo to realize that he really did care.
He gave up some.
<EOS>
The film begins.
- growing up   was to feed him   to giving him a cannoli after being urinated on by his baby brother.
Whenever young Dom became upset.
He s being changed.
Dom grew up with a love of food  a trait.
Was shared.
The entire family grieves  and prompts Antoinette to urge Dom to visit the diet doctor.
When Sal suddenly dies.
Sal was supposed to visit  so as not to further copy his cousin s unhealthy eating habits  and drive himself as well.
Dom is reluctant  but agrees to do so   Dom is heartbroken.
When he begins to realize the signs that his obesity is ruining his health.
When he is given his new diet plan.
He sees the long list.
He can no longer eat.
He has always loved.
The diets fail.
Dom s eating habits begin to drive his sister crazy.
Who enlists him.
Meanwhile  Dom meets Lydia.
Who owns the town antique shop  and quickly falls when he realize they have a lot in common.
Being self-conscious  he fears rejection  and ca nt bring himself to ask her out.
Now further depressed  Dom seeks comfort - Sonny and Oscar.
Who turn out to be  as their reminiscing about their favorite desserts and dishes drives them to having a pig-out party in the kitchen.
To help their brother  Antoinette and Frankie bring Dom and Lydia together.
The two begin dating   Dom does nt realize  and is shocked to discover.
Dating Lydia.
He has been eating less and less.
Loosely his clothes fit.
Finally  Dom decides to propose  but  he finds.
When he drops.
She is gone.
There is no sign.
Worries him so much  that he ends up eating all.
The film ends - with each photo showing Lydia holding a new baby.
The previous child grows up.
<EOS>
` Sleep Dealer  is set.
Joins minds and experiences  where three strangers risk their lives to connect and break the barriers of technology.
Memo Cruz  works  one of several sleep dealers.
Here  workers are connected.
Have replaced them on the other side of the border.
The sleep dealers are called.
Because one may collapse if one works long enough.
The story is told back.
Memo remembers his home.
His father wants him to participate.
Memo s passion however is electronics and hacking.
The homestead also has dried up.
Memo and his father must trek to buy water by the bag.
Monitored. 
The media shows glimpses of a technological dystopia.
Memo is building an electronic receiver.
Can tap.
Its range increases to far away cities.
He continues to work.
One summer  a remote-controlled military aerial vehicle operated catches him monitoring a frequency used by the drones  an act.
Warrants a brutal attack.
He disconnects.
The drone can locate him.
He and his brother watch a live TV broadcast about a drone action.
Is about to destroy a building known to be intercepting drone communication.
They quickly realize.
The building is their own home where Memo has his equipment  and run to save their father whose life is.
However  they are too late.
The vehicle launches a rocket.
Who had miraculously escaped a first attack  instantly killing him.
The pilot is shown to be Rudy Ramirez.
Memo boards a bus to find work.
The same bus is also boarded.
Memo notices.
Luz has nodes  and asks her where he can get them for free.
She tells him.
He can find someone  known  to connect him by asking around in a certain alley.
Luz has loans and may default.
She makes a living.
Where viewers pay.
She uploads her memory.
Memo is robbed during his first attempt to seek a coyotek.
He finds an abandoned shack to stay.
Where other node workers live.
Luz gets a sale  and a prepaid offer for her next memory of him.
Luz finds him and comes to know.
He is out.
She helps him get a.
Has the equipment.
It so happens.
She does him a favor.
Luz tries to upload more experiences.
Truenode makes.
Her reveal feelings rather than just the story.
The person is revealed to be Ramirez working.
Who requested the information.
Luz and Memo open up and have a connected sex.
Ramirez has his doubts.
Confirmed that his work made him kill a good man.
His family disparages his concerns.
Memo discovers.
Luz has been paid to upload her memories  and so he leaves her feeling betrayed.
He works over-time  risking exhaustion.
Luz writes and mails him a recording of her memories as a parting gift.
Ramirez has crossed the fortified US-Mexican border to meet Memo.
Memo tries to run perceiving danger.
Ramirez explains himself.
Ramirez catches up and explains.
He was to help.
Memo rejoins Luz and recruits her help to connect Ramirez.
He accesses the Del Rio Water security network to control one.
Ramirez is not heeding orders.
Ramirez manages to blast a hole in the dam.
Where Memo s father had once tossed a pebble.
Memo receives news.
Not necessarily permanent.
Ramirez goes further south.
He is no longer able to return.
Memo moves on.
<EOS>
Arun Anand has been married now.
His wife is unable to conceive.
Arun has an affair.
Kiran gets pregnant.
Arun does not want a scandal to upset his wife  so he asks an impotent union leader  Pratap Singh  to marry Kiran  sire the child  and then divorce her  all.
Pratap agrees.
Soon a boy is born.
Pratap then changes his mind.
Her son is proof  and as such disappears from Arun s life.
Years later Kiran s son has grown up and named Varun Singh.
Arun finally finds out and meets them  but is rejected by Varun.
Who has come to accept Pratap.
There is a confrontation and his employer  Thakur.
Varun is abducted  tied to a tree with four wild elephants  and after.
Who are made to drink alcohol.
Will go.
<EOS>
An ex-dancer marries.
What she assumes to be a wealthy man.
He instead turns out to be extremely poor.
Owing a great deal herself  she contemplates cashing in on his life insurance.
<EOS>
Working at their new software development company Skullbocks  Stanford graduate Milo Hoffman is contacted by CEO Gary Winston of NURV for a very attractive programming position  a fat paycheck  an almost-unrestrained working environment  and extensive creative control over his work.
Accepting Winston s offer  Hoffman and his girlfriend  Alice Poulson  move to NURV headquarters.
Hoffman soon becomes.
Suspicious code Winston personally provides to him  seemingly when needed most  while refusing to divulge the code s origin.
Hoffman discovers.
His best friend  Teddy Chin  is murdered.
NURV is stealing the code they need -- including Chin -- and then killing them to cover their tracks.
Hoffman learns  the company has infiltrated the Justice Department and most.
Not only does NURV employ an extensive surveillance system to observe and steal code.
An ex-con hired to manipulate him.
His girlfriend is a plant.
He finds.
Searching. 
The company has information.
She agrees to help him expose NURV s crimes.
When he reveals that the company has this information.
Coordinating from his old startup  they plan to use a local public-access television station to hijack Synapse and broadcast their charges against NURV to the world.
However  Calighan turns out to be a double agent  foils Hoffman s plan  and turns him over.
Hoffman had already confronted Poulson and convinced her to side against Winston and NURV.
A backup plan is put by Poulson  the fourth member of Skullbocks  and the incorruptible internal security firm hired by NURV.
When it became clear that Hoffman had not succeeded.
The second team successfully usurps one and transmits the incriminating evidence as well as the Synapse code.
Winston prepares to kill Hoffman.
Winston and his entourage are publicly arrested.
Hoffman rejoins Skullbocks.
Ebert was nt alone making these observations  parallels were also drawn by Lisa Bowman of ZDNet UK  and Rita Kempley of the The Washington Post.
<EOS>
Simpleton bachelor Fred Chaney inherits a buck-toothed horse named Don and one half from his dead mother.
He discovers.
Don is a talking horse that belonged.
His stepfather Walter Sawyer offers to buy out Chaney s share.
Chaney refuses.
Instead Chaney returns Don and claims his place as partner at the firm.
Chaney takes and begins working as a broker  much to the chagrin of Sawyer.
Don the horse overhears a stock tip and calls Chaney  presumably using his teeth to dial the phone.
Chaney acts and becomes wealthy overnight.
Chaney rents a fancy penthouse apartment and buys a sports car.
Don the horse returns.
Chaney feels sorry.
The two become roommates.
Don s father dies  but not.
Conveniently  Don meets a beautiful white horse named Satin Doll soon after and develops a crush on the mare.
Inconveniently  Satin Doll is a recent gift.
Chaney s successes continue.
Sawyer asks his secretary Allison to find out Cheney s secrets.
She and Cheney go.
Where a smitten Cheney naively reveals that Don is the source.
She assumes.
He is being facetious.
Cheney insists and returns with her.
Don can speak.
Don refuses to talk.
Don throws a wild party  the apartment is damaged.
Chaney becomes angry.
Their relationship begins to sour.
Don suggests Chaney buy stock in the company.
Chaney takes Don s advice once again.
The stock tip is a bust - the oats are contaminated.
Don becomes ill.
Sawyer learns before Chaney and locks Chaney in the office bathroom.
He can unload the doomed stock.
Chaney is financially devastated.
Allison learns and quits her job in protest.
Don speaks for the first time.
She leaves the office.
Realizing Chaney was telling the truth  Allison transports the horse to reunite with Chaney.
The three work together to get revenge.
The plan is to enter Don against Sawyer.
Chaney goads an arrogant Sawyer.
Victory will win Cheney all  including Don s love interest Satin Doll.
Unable to find an adequate jockey  Don will be ridden.
Don is visited.
Having second thoughts the night.
Who has been reincarnated.
It sucks being.
A rousing pep-talk and Don s confidence is restored.
Don is slow.
Don miraculously not only catches up to his competitors  but then fast-talks all but one of the other horses into abandoning the race through a series of humorous ruses.
The exhausted Don now trails a final challenger named Lord Kensington  the horse.
Chaney struggles to motivate Don to overtake the leader.
Finally  the promise spurs extra speed out of Don.
He wins.
The judges note.
Don stuck his teeth out first.
Sawyer is humiliated.
Don gets Satin Doll.
Chaney gets Allison and the film finishes happily.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Wally explains.
What happened earlier to provoke his anger.
Returning  Wally ties Woody to an anchor and hurls him into the ocean.
The rope snags  demolishing first the pier and then the entire marina.
The cartoon ends.
Both pursued by the other beachgoers.
<EOS>
Raveendranath a worker leads a happy family life.
His small family consists.
Ravi left his home after a scuffle and has no connection with anyone back home.
The sudden death makes.
He makes a sudden visit.
Things have changed a lot in past 18 years.
Rajendranath  his elder brother  still holds a grudge.
His younger brother Hari and sister Sunanda are afraid.
A part would be now handed over to Ravi.
But Geetha another sister is very happy to see him.
The health of his mother betters and she asks him to stay for the rest of her life.
Ravi succeeds in winning the hearts of his siblings and leaves for Bhilai -- this time taking his mother with him.
<EOS>
The Popular Front wins the French general elections.
The Civil War begins.
Meanwhile   Fiodor Voronin  a retired general of the Tsarist army lives an apparently quiet life with his Greek wife Arsinoe.
He is a deputy.
He is slated to replace the aging general Dobrinsky soon.
Unbeknownst  he is also a Soviet agent.
Voronin is considered a suspect.
When Dobrinsky disappears.
He vanishes.
His wife is tried.
Her reputation is ruined.
The Germans discover.
It is likely that Voronin was murdered after having been smuggled from the Soviet Embassy to Red Spain.
The film is based.
<EOS>
Bujji is the only son.
The family is well knit together and has strong values and attachments.
Bujji comes and falls in love with her.
Raja Rajeshwari is the daughter.
The families agree.
Unexpected circumstances cause a rift.
When everything seems nice and happy.
Into this scenario comes Jo.
Who is madly.
This further escalates the tensions.
The rest is about.
Whether Bujji sorts out the differences and wins his wife back.
<EOS>
Molly McGrath  is the daughter.
Who s dying to head her own team.
Molly leaves her job coaching girls  track to take over a football team at an inner-city high school -- the kind of place.
When her wish is finally granted.
Where guard dogs are needed to patrol the campus.
The new coach s idealism and optimism are suffocated with racial and gender prejudice.
Eventually her overriding spirit begins to whip her unruly team.
She must also struggle to win a battle for the custody of her two young daughters.
The real test comes.
When her Central High team faces Prescott.
<EOS>
An elderly watchmaker sees a beautiful young blonde and prevents her from committing suicide.
They marry and live happily to blackmail her.
<EOS>
Oswald was canoeing down a rough river.
Is the lake.
The ducks  however  were quite clever.
Oswald ends up shooting a hole  thus sinking it.
Fortunately  he was unintendedly brought to dry ground.
Oswald was being chased.
Walking downhill.
His efforts to outrun the large rock were.
It rammed him flat.
Oswald dropped a smaller rock on top of him.
This resulted.
Him to walk.
Oswald stumbled and started tumbling.
He went walking.
Two bear cubs were drinking syrup from maple trees.
The rolling rabbit ran  causing that bear to be thrown upward.
The cub s fall was cushioned.
When the Oswald rolled back.
Amazed  the bears began using him as a trampoline.
Not willing  the bears started pulling Oswald from opposite sides  stretching him back to his original form.
Annoyed  Oswald chased one of the bears to.
What looks.
The stump turned out to be the mother.
Who then chases Oswald.
Oswald and the big bear went into a tussle.
Ironically  the big bear came out and runs in embarrassment.
Oswald  however  comes out wearing the big bear s fur and celebrates with a cigar.
<EOS>
The lives closely linked families dangerously intersect in a small Illinois town in the.
Two brothers  Jacey and Doug Holt are growing up  sons of a working single mother.
Their father  a reckless risk-taker  has lost his life with Lloyd Abbott  his business partner.
Abbott eventually becomes one.
The lives are intertwined through various entanglements.
Lloyd Abbott and his distant wife  Joan  are the parents.
Jacey seeks revenge on the Abbotts through the calculated seduction of the Abbott daughters.
Jacey can not wait to escape the suffocating life in Haley  later in the film  however  he is pulled back.
He idolizes the Abbott family  and obsesses about the oldest daughter  Alice  thus seeking to jockey his way.
Doug  the younger brother  admires and worships his brother s libertine lifestyle.
However   he discovers.
He matures.
All that glitters is not gold.
He eventually falls with the youngest  virginal Abbott  Pamela.
Who protests his early  fumbling sexual advances.
She forces him to appreciate her.
For who she is  not what she may offer up.
Meanwhile  Eleanor is sent away.
She and Jacey are caught.
Doug and Pamela meet again by chance and seem to rekindle their previous romance.
They are.
However  Doug is later devastated  a seduction was calculated to continue his revenge upon the Abbots.
Jacey has   seduced Pamela when they previously met at a college party.
He later admits.
Jacey is apologetic.
When he realizes Doug s feelings.
Doug strikes his brother and leaves.
Later  the two brothers reconcile.
When Doug and Jacey are brought back after their mother s death.
Doug finds a letter.
Sorting s belonging.
He sold their valuable patent.
He shares this information.
The truth does little to sooth Jacey s resentment and belief.
He and his family were cheated.
Doug  however  decides to forget old resentments and move on.
Lloyd Abbott places.
<EOS>
A helpless Taxi driver  a mysterious delivery boy  a 30 years abandoned motel  a touching past  all stitches up to form a strange tale.
One day  a strange passenger Pony hires a taxi driver Map King  paying him a huge sum to take him to an abandoned old motel Chun Lei motel.
This motel was mysteriously burnt 30 years ago  and has been abandoned ever.
No one knows  nor does anybody talks about it.
Map King actually knows.
To get.
Ah Fang  the only female character  is the owner of the Chun Lei motel.
She started off her peaceful life until the day.
Where The 4 Thieves visits her motel  after her husband s death.
Mysteriously the motel was.
The meeting and everyone had gone missing.
The motel was abandoned.
What actually happened.
<EOS>
Pocket Maar is the story.
Who is robbed while carrying money to stave off a personal crisis.
The film will focus.
What seems.
<EOS>
16th century.
The Catholic Church has expanded.
New monasteries are being built.
The missionaries  Holy cities are threatened  the earth shakes  buildings collapse  nothing is spared.
The devout seek protection.
One hundred years later  poverty forces young Angelica.
Rebellious  Angelica tries to escape.
Angelica is confined to her cell.
Where she is haunted.
The ghost  a nun entombed  compels Angelica to free her trapped soul.
To release Luciana  Angelica will have to persuade the nuns to leave the convent and pray  but to leave.
The cloister is expressly forbidden.
<EOS>
The story  set shortly  revolves around Sethe  a former slave living on the outskirts of Cincinnati.
An angry poltergeist terrorizes Sethe and her three children  causing her two sons run away forever.
When the film begins.
Ten years later  Sethe  lives alone.
Paul D  an old friend.
Sethe had escaped.
Where he drives off the angry spirit.
Afterwards  Paul D.
Then proposes.
He should stay.
Sethe responds favorably.
A clean young woman named Beloved stumbles into Sethe s yard and also stays with them.
Denver is initially happy to have Beloved around but learns.
Beloved is Sethe s reincarnated daughter.
Nonetheless  she chooses not to divulge Beloved s origins.
One night  Beloved aware.
Dislikes her  immobilizes him him.
Paul D.
Resolves to tell Sethe  instead tell.
What happened.
What has transpired.
Stamp Paid   pulls a newspaper clipping featuring Sethe and tells her story.
Who has known Sethe.
Years ago  Sethe was sexually assaulted.
She complained.
Who confronted him.
Schoolteacher and his nephews to whip Sethe.
Heavily pregnant  Sethe planned to escape.
Her other children were sent off earlier to live.
Sethe stayed behind to look.
Sethe was assaulted.
When she.
The Schoolteacher s nephews held her down  raped her and forcibly took her breast milk.
Sethe ran off alone.
When Halle failed to comply.
She crossed paths.
Who treated Sethe s injuries and delivered Sethe s child  whom Sethe named Denver.
Sethe eventually reached Baby Sugg s home.
Her initial happiness was.
When Schoolteacher came to claim Sethe and her children.
Sethe cut her older daughter s neck and tried to kill her other children.
Stamp Paid managed to stop her.
The disgusted Schoolteacher leaves them alone.
Paul D.
Horrified and suddenly understanding the origin of the poltergeist  confronts Sethe.
Sethe unapologetically justifies her decision  claiming.
Her children would be better off dead.
Paul D.
Departs shortly thereafter.
S departure  Sethe realizes.
Beloved is the reincarnation.
Feeling elated yet guilt  Sethe spoils Beloved.
Beloved soon develops.
A destructive tantrum and her malevolent presence causes living conditions.
The women live.
Sethe is unable to work.
Denver becomes depressed yet  inspired  she eventually musters the courage to leave the house and seek employment.
Her new co-worker arranges to have women visit Sethe s house and comfort the family.
Denver gets a job.
Once  the women arrive and loudly sing and pray.
Denver s new employee simultaneously arrives to pick her up.
Sethe sees him and  reminded  tries to attack him with an icepick.
She is subdued.
Beloved disappears completely.
Sethe  freed  becomes permanently bedridden.
Some months later  Paul D.
Encounters Denver.
He notices.
She has transformed.
When Paul D.
Later arrives  he finds her suffering from a deep malaise.
He assures Sethe.
He and Denver will now take care.
Sethe tells him.
She does nt see the point.
Beloved  her best thing  is gone.
Paul D.
Disagrees  telling Sethe is her own best thing.
She herself.
<EOS>
Several American and British civilians are stuck.
Their ship and a U-boat sink each other.
Willi  a German survivor  is pulled aboard and denies being an enemy officer.
Kovac demands the German be thrown out and allowed to drown.
However  cooler heads prevail  asserting the German s prisoner of war status.
He is allowed to stay.
One passenger  an infant  dies almost immediately.
His mother is a young English woman.
Who   must be tied down to stop her from hurting herself.
The woman sneaks off the boat.
The other passengers sleep  drowning herself.
The film then follows the lifeboat inhabitants.
They attempt to organize their rations  set a course  and coexist as they try to survive.
The characters start out being good-natured  cooperative  and optimistic.
However  they descend.
The back stories are examined.
Divisions are brought to the surface.
The passengers also cooperate  such as.
When they must amputate the leg due to gangrene.
Kovac takes charge  rationing the little food and water.
They have.
Willi gradually takes control away.
Willi is later revealed to be the U-boat captain.
One morning   the injured German-American Gus Smith catches Willi drinking water.
The others are sleeping.
Too delirious and weak  Gus is pushed overboard by Willi and drowns.
The others sleep.
The others discover Gus missing.
Willi is questioned.
The other passengers discover the hoarded flask.
When they notice that the German is sweating.
They descend upon him as a group  beat him  and throw him overboard  striking him multiple times with Gus s boot to prevent him from.
Musing  Rittenhouse asks  What do you do with people like that.
Both the supply ship and rescue-lifeboat are sunk.
A launch can pick them up.
A frightened young German seaman is pulled.
He pulls a gun but is surprised and disarmed.
He asks  Are nt you going to kill me.
Again the question is asked  What do you do.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Where an unconscious Frank Kavanaugh is discovered.
Suffering to the head  he is rushed to a nearby hospital in a small town called Black Point.
Kavanaugh is placed in an intensive care unit under the care of a trauma nurse named Liz.
Kavanaugh is interviewed by Sheriff Kolb  however.
He is unable to explain what has transpired due to a case of temporary amnesia.
Kavanaugh is ordered to stay in the hospital for closer observation.
Much are unable to find any clues as to.
What might have happened.
Sheriff Kolb returns to the hospital to find.
Kavanaugh   is claiming to have knowledge of a possible assassination attempt on the president of the United States.
Dr Conway persuades Kavanaugh to remain calm and later explains.
His paranoia stems.
Amongst the added confusion  Kavanaugh experiences a myriad.
Could be pure fantasy or actual pre-amnesiatic memories.
The most vivid image  named Ms.
In which a dark  shadowy figure is seen talking.
K  hints attempt involving key government parties.
However   he is unable to differentiate between realism and fantasy.
Sheriff Kolb believes.
There is some credibility and continues to question him.
To further complicate matters  Chloe arrives at the hospital and makes arrangements for his immediate release.
It is then revealed.
She and Kavanaugh are actually and that Kavanaugh works for the IRS.
She produces documentation.
Verifies Kavanaugh s employment  and further explains to Sheriff Kolb that she and Kavanaugh were in New Mexico on vacation.
She also produces a seaside photo.
Herself walking.
She is his fiancee.
Kavanaugh still strongly believes and later calls the US Secret Service and warns them of an assassination plot.
Will occur.
Distraught over his situation  Chloe convinces Kavanaugh to leave the hospital.
She drives him back.
They had checked.
Incidentally  recent news updates reveal and will arrive.
The President and his campaign team have been touring the Southwest.
<EOS>
The story is set in.
Crowther  Posner  Dakin  Timms  Akthar  Lockwood  Scripps  and Rudge have recently obtained the school s highest ever A-level scores.
Are hoping to enter Oxford or Cambridge  taking a seventh-term entrance exam.
The General Studies teacher  known alike by his nickname Hector  is their favourite  and works alongside their deputy head and regular History teacher  Mrs Lintott.
The headmaster  Felix  hires an energetic young contract teacher named Irwin to assist Hector and Mrs Lintott.
Irwin s style is utterly different   Irwin urges the boys to put a spin on their historical analysis  to value originality above objective truth.
The older teachers emphasise cultural and factual knowledges and the quest.
We learn.
The plot progresses.
Hector habitually offers some home on his motorcycle and surreptitiously fondles his passengers.
The boys have all come and  while mildly annoyed  laugh off their teacher s advances and more or less willingly continue to take turns riding home on the back of his bike.
This practice eventually lands Hector.
He is reported by a lollipop lady who witnesses his action.
The headmaster insists   the group engages.
Hector retire early  and also that Hector and Irwin share a class.
When they do.
Best to analyse the Holocaust.
The class acts out scenes from romantic films and literature.
Posner sings a love song - Rodgers and Hart s Bewitched  Bothered and Bewildered.
He pointedly directs.
Later he seeks to discuss his attraction to Dakin.
Dakin   is currently pursuing an affair.
Who characterises himself.
He is not displeased  but finds himself interested by Irwin.
Gradually  Dakin s quest to impress Irwin evolves into a flirtatious  potentially sexual pursuit of his young teacher.
Who   is visibly attracted to Dakin.
It seems.
When the boys receive their replies.
They have all gained Oxbridge places.
It turns out.
When Mrs Lintott questions him.
Rudge had already been told that he has a place  due to a family connection with the college.
Dakin approaches Irwin after the celebrations and reveals.
He found no record at Corpus  the Oxford college he claimed as his alma mater.
Irwin confesses.
He lied.
Dakin then   invites Irwin to give him a blowjob.
A thank you.
They make an appointment to have a drink.
Dakin tells Irwin.
He has seen two sides.
He can not reconcile them.
Dakin then proceeds and  by threatening to reveal Felix s own sexual harassment of Fiona  forces him to reinstate Hector.
The boys prepare to leave the grammar school.
Hector agrees to give Dakin a ride home.
However   the headmaster runs out and stops them  saying.
They leave.
Hector should not take one.
He suggests.
Hector take Irwin instead.
Dakin gladly hands the helmet.
The screen fades  the boys waving happily and laughing.
They drive off.
Fast forward later.
It is revealed that the bike was  possibly caused by Irwin  never before having ridden on the back of a motorbike  leaning the wrong way on a corner.
Irwin was badly injured and suffered total memory loss with Dakin  Hector did not survive.
The boys sing.
Bye Bye Blackbird and the headmaster gives a trite eulogy.
The scene then changes abruptly.
Mrs Lintott present.
Will they come  I wonder  Mrs Lintott remarks  before recounting the futures of the eight boys.
They have entered a variety  Akthar a headmaster  Crowther a magistrate  Timms the owner of a dry cleaning chain.
Who takes drugs.
Lockwood   died at the age of 28 while serving in the York and Lancaster Regiment.
Who entered the army.
Rudge has become a builder  Scripps a journalist.
Irwin stops teaching and becomes a maker.
Finally  Posner reveals.
He has become a teacher who followed  with similar ambivalence and angst  though without touching the boys  which is always a struggle.
But maybe that s.
I m a good teacher.
The film ends.
A photograph was taken at Fountains Abbey.
The photo spans the entire screen.
The closing credits are played.
<EOS>
Two friends and convicts  Joe Terry  break out and start a bank robbing spree  hoping to fund a dream.
They share.
They become known operandi  they kidnap the manager of a target bank the night before a planned robbery  then spend the night with the manager s family  early the next morning  they accompany the manager to the bank to get their money.
Using dim-witted would-be stunt man Harvey Pollard  the three successfully pull off a series of robberies.
Gets them recognition.
She ends up.
When a housewife decides to run away.
Initially attracted  she also ends up in bed with Terry.
A confused love triangle begins.
The three go on the lam and manage to pull off a few more robberies  but after a while the two begin to fight over Kate.
She decides to leave them.
The two criminals then decide to pull off one last job.
The story is told  framed by the story of the pair s last robbery of the Alamo Bank.
Told at Large  a fictional reality television show.
The show tells the story to be a failure.
When Kate tips are caught in the act.
The two then begin to argue.
When Joe tells the police You wo nt take us alive.
The real story behind the last job is revealed  Harvey used some of his special effects to make.
It seem as though Terry and Joe were shooting each other.
Harvey and his girlfriend then ran.
Harvey uses electronics to blow out his tires.
Sends the ambulance.
Harvey was wearing a fire suit.
He lights himself a bomb to go off.
Kate  Harvey  Harvey s girlfriend  Terry  and Joe flee the scene  leading officials to believe the bodies were burned.
Reunited  Joe  Terry  Harvey and Kate make it to live out their dream.
The last scene shows Harvey getting married kissing Joe and Terry passionately.
<EOS>
Barbie stars.
Each princess is beautiful and different.
The twelve sisters have one thing  they all love to dance.
They live.
The girls  adventurous and free-spirited natures are viewed by other members of the royal society and often leads them to make rude comments about the princesses.
Believing his daughters need a woman s touch  the king summons his cousin  Duchess Rowena.
But  Rowena has her own plans  she plans to poison the king and get rid.
That she can be queen.
Sensing trouble  Genevieve and her sisters try to reason.
The king does nt believe them and says.
They must listen.
Attempting to break the girls  spirits  Rowena makes the princesses  lives miserable.
They love.
Sad  the princesses find comfort in their mother s favorite story.
Tells where Gold Flowers grant Wishes and a princess could dance at an Enchanted Pavilion for three nights.
Isabella had made twelve copies.
She died.
Each one had one on the cover.
Lacey sees.
Her lily matches the lily on the floor.
Genevieve tells everyone to find a match to a stone.
Genevieve tries dancing to stone  it does nt work.
She then tries dancing  She then twirls three times at the last stone  like the character in the story.
They enter the Magical Kingdom.
Later  Lacey falls and scrapes her knee.
Genevieve dabs water.
It heals  revealing.
The water is magic.
The next day  the girls are tired.
The duchess finds their new dancing shoes worn.
Suspicious  Rowena believes.
They were out dancing.
Meanwhile  the royal cobbler and Genevieve s love interest  Derek  comes to fix their shoes and sees.
They are covered.
Genevieve dances.
Genevieve asks Derek to find out.
Together. 
What Rowena s true intentions are.
The duchess continues to deprive them and prevents them from visiting or singing to their father.
Who has suddenly fallen ill.
The doctor gives Rowena a tonic.
She quickly disposes  revealing that she is poisoning him.
That night  Rowena has her footman  Desmond  stand guard.
Where they go.
The sisters sneak back again.
Meanwhile  Derek discovers.
Rowena is stealing heirlooms and dealing with an apothecary.
He hurries back to warn Genevieve and her sisters.
The next morning  the sisters are still exhausted.
Rowena demands to know.
The girls tell her the truth.
When she gangs up.
She does nt believe them and forces them.
That night  she demands the truth again.
They tell her the same story.
This makes Rowena even angrier.
She locks them  blaming them for Randolph s failing health.
Heartbroken.
Not knowing  the princesses return.
What to do.
A furious Rowena finds the sisters gone the next morning.
That evening  Derek finally makes it back  but discovers.
The princesses are missing.
Determined to find Genevieve  he sneaks.
Remembering Genevieve s dance pattern  Derek enters the magic realm and reports his findings.
Unfortunately  Rowena learns.
To enter the magic realm  due  Brutus.
Stealing some flowers  she quickly returns and has Desmond destroy the mosaic and Derek in the magical kingdom.
Can give you whatever you want.
Forms the gateway  trapping the sisters.
Thinking  Rowena then tricks the weak Randolph.
She has disposed.
He recovers.
Trapped  the girls and Derek try to find a way out.
The couple and the rest float up into the sky and return home.
They dance.
However  this new gateway leads.
Once back  the sisters and Derek discover.
Rowena is now queen  new guards have been ordered to capture any stray princesses  and that their father is dying.
The princesses disable the guards and enter the castle to confront Rowena.
Ignoring Genevieve s orders  Lacey enters the castle to help  but is seized.
Derek and Genevieve defeat the enchanted suits.
Defend Rowena.
The duchess has the upper hand.
When Desmond drags.
Noting  Rowena uses the flowers to wish to dance forever and ever and ever.
Genevieve is the source.
But  Genevieve produces her fan and blows it back.
The flower dust comes.
Who starts dancing instead.
Desmond soon joins her while trying to help.
The two villains dance their way.
It is revealed.
Lacey has saved some water.
She uses it  and thereby heals the dying king.
Randolph explains and apologizes for not believing them.
Rowena was poisoning him.
He now truly understands them.
The film ends.
Genevieve and Derek celebrate their wedding  and  dance.
<EOS>
High school student Kim Bentley is having a tough time  she has been dumped by her boyfriend Kevin for rich girl Annette  her grades are slipping.
She has no money.
All her mother seems to care.
Is cleaning.
Kim tells her best friend Lucy.
The nonsense ends today.
Kim s been feeling sorry ever since her father hanged himself.
She begins working the pimp and thing start to look good for her  new clothes  new car and good grades.
Annette begins to hate Kim even more.
Kevin becomes jealous.
Kim then meets Lance.
Who frees her.
Prostitution is nt the worst.
Kim is forced to kill a man when he tries to have his way with her being tied up.
Kim becomes a hit woman.
She herself is killed on a deserted beach.
<EOS>
Spookley the Square Pumpkin was found by Bella and Boris.
Two pumpkins are nt very nice  so he feels left out.
The other pumpkins make fun of him.
Spookley is square.
Jack allows him to compete.
He saves the residents.
He showed kindness.
Made fun and saved their lives.
It shows the farmer carrying Spookley into his house and shows him on the farmers porch lit up with a candle.
<EOS>
Dollie is the daughter.
She falls with a married man.
However  he rejects her.
His wife is pregnant.
Her obsession causes her to commit suicide at the hospital at the same time.
His wife is giving birth.
Their daughter is imbued.
Dollie takes revenge.
<EOS>
Gabriel the Turk  Bobby the Serb and Costa the Greek are three friends.
Who used to form a neighborhood gang.
Gabriel is ready for a new start on life.
Bobby however has been doing jobs.
Alice turns.
Gabriel intervenes to save his friends  an action.
When Costa who has turned and is dating Gabriel s sister Ceyda also joins Muhamer s gang.
Puts his dreams.
The film s director  Fatih Akn  makes a cameo appearance.
<EOS>
Niccolo Vitelli is the oldest and becomes the de facto head of their family.
Their father dies.
Their father was.
The brothers follow.
They work for Polowski   as well as being verbally abusive to his employees.
Who cuts corners and does not do an adequate job.
This causes them to start their own company - Vitelli Brothers Construction.
Will be the opposite.
Mac starts becoming a tyrannical workaholic and eventually pushes his brothers away.
<EOS>
The Hole   is a five-block neighborhood.
It is referred to.
Also known is partially flooded and linked to an extensive amount of controversy due to apparent mafia related murders and trash-filled landscape.
Nearly cut off completely  the neighborhood does not have a sewer system but instead utilizes cesspools.
The film features interviews  explores the history of the Federation of Black Cowboys and their relationship with the neighborhood  and documents the landscape of the area.
<EOS>
Danish Captain Andersen is stopped in the first year of World War II.
Denmark has been occupied.
He gets.
Some shore passes.
They are stolen.
Who take a boat and go ashore.
Capt.
Andersen decides to follow them.
The journey takes them.
<EOS>
Tumak  a caveman  is banished to the harsh desert because of a fight with his father Akoba.
He collapses on a remote beach.
Where he is spotted.
They are about to help him.
When an Archelon makes its way.
Men arrive and apparently fend off the giant turtle with spears.
Tumak is taken.
Where Loana tends.
Scenes follow emphasising.
The Shell tribe is more advanced and more civilized.
They have cave paintings  music  delicate jewellery made  and rudimentary language - all things Tumak seems to have never before encountered.
An Allosaurus attacks.
When the tribe women are fishing.
The tribe flees.
A small girl is left trapped up a tree.
Tumak seizes a spear  and rushes forward to defend her.
Emboldened  Loana runs out to snatch the child to safety.
Ahot and other men come.
Tumak is finally able to kill the creature.
A funeral is held for the dead men - a custom.
Tumak disdains.
Leaving the funeral early  he re-enters the cave  and attempts to steal the spear.
Which he had killed the Allosaurus.
Ahot   enters and is angered.
Who had taken back the spear.
A fight ensues.
The resulting commotion attracts the rest.
Who unite to cast Tumak out.
Loana leaves.
Ahot   gives him the spear over.
They had fought.
Meanwhile  Tumak s brother Sakana tries to kill their father to take power.
Akoba survives  but is a broken man.
Sakana is the new leader.
Tumak and Loana encounter a battle.
This is happening.
The battle is eventually won.
Fatally gores its opponent.
The outcasts wander back.
Loana meets the tribe  but again there are altercations.
The most dramatic one is a fight and his former lover Nupondi the Wild One.
Loana wins the fight but refuses to strike the killing blow.
- they are attacked.
The cave people are swimming - seemingly  and inspired by Loana s example.
Loana is snatched into the air by the creature  and dropped bleeding into the sea.
When a thieving Rhamphorhynchus intervenes.
Tumak initially believes her dead.
Sakana then leads a group.
Tumak  Ahot and other members arrive in time to join the fight against Sakana.
A volcano suddenly erupts  the entire area is stricken by earthquakes and landslides.
Overwhelm both tribes.
Tumak  Nupondi  and the surviving members emerge from cover to find themselves in a ruined  near-lunar landscape.
The film ends.
They all set off - now united - to find a new home.
<EOS>
Ricky Hayman and Kate Newell work  a home shopping channel run by John McBainbridge.
Sales have been down under Ricky s management.
Kate was brought in to come up.
Ricky views Kate.
She expresses her dislike as well.
However  John has given Ricky an ultimatum to increase sales  or lose his job.
Ricky and Kate come.
Out driving one day.
Who calls himself G.
G is unusual.
He wears white robes and is perpetually happy and smiling.
He seems to sense.
Troubled Ricky is  and follows them back.
G wanders.
The number increases with customers wanting to buy something.
He is.
Kate notices this and gets G his own spot.
Meanwhile  the mutual dislike has faded.
They begin to express romantic interest.
G s infomercials are mostly spontaneous anecdotes or thoughts  but customers connect with him.
Even the slowest-moving items begin selling out.
He enters a party and displays his talents by making a Rolex watch disappear and curing another man of his fear of flying.
Staying. 
Ricky begins marketing G s name to increase sales.
He wants to give G his own show.
The stressful work environment and throngs.
Who want to meet him.
G is no longer the happy  inspiring man.
He once was.
He refuses.
When Kate tries to convince John to let G leave the network.
She quits out.
Ricky reaps the benefits  receiving a large promotion and a new office.
However  the rewards seem hollow due.
Ricky searches himself and decides.
Letting G go is the right choice.
He announces his decision.
Kate hears  racing back to the studio to be with him.
They have a romantic reunion.
The show is ended.
Afterwards  Ricky and Kate say their goodbyes.
Who wanders off.
<EOS>
Dr Dan Potter is the replacement.
Dr Bain operates the haven.
The 3rd floor patients initially treat Dr Potter.
Hawkes nearly explodes at Dr Potter.
He leaves.
However  Hawkes states to the others.
The new doctor killed Harry Merton.
Now he wants to kill us.
The others believe him  and agree to help him kill Dr Potter.
Ray Curtis  the sole guard  overhears the foursome s scheme and tells Dr Potter about it.
Dr Potter dismisses Curtis  fears as unwarranted.
One day  Sutcliff sets his coat.
Dr Bain manages to quell Sutcliff s fit.
Meanwhile  Dr Potter tries to talk to Dr Harry Merton  and about the plan.
Ray Curtis overheard.
Hawkes reminds Dr Potter.
He should not take Curtis  warnings seriously.
Another day   Ronald Elster looks to find his home address and sees a picture of the doctor s young daughter.
Waiting. 
Dan Potter lives with his free-spirited wife Nell and their precocious daughter Lila  as well as his sister Toni.
Who comes to visit.
Toni takes Dan and Nell to see The Sick Fucks.
Shuts down.
They play the city s power.
Dan is glad.
Meanwhile  the men wake up and begin to carry out their plan.
Sutcliffe and Elster kill Curtis and the four escape.
They drive to pick up new clothes and weapons.
Skaggs kills an innocent bystander.
The next day  Dan arrives.
They killed.
Dan has to report to the police about the four maniacs on the loose.
Hawkes  Preacher  and Ronald are driving around and torment a bicycle messenger.
The enraged Hawkes throws the van and plows into the bicycle messenger.
When the man mouths off  calling Hawkes an asshole.
Preacher arrives wearing the bicycle messenger s hat and uniform telling Nell.
He has a telegram.
Nell offers to take it.
Preacher says.
He will come back later.
Nell is slightly spooked.
Toni tells Nell to accompany her to an anti-nuclear protest.
Is going on.
A little later   Lyla comes home.
Toni and Nell leave.
Ronald is there  claiming to be her babysitter.
Ronald is friendly.
She is a little unsettled.
Ronald suggests going.
To make different origami shapes.
Meanwhile  Toni and Nell are having been arrested with dozens of other protesters.
Toni meets a certain Tom Smith  one.
Tom lets.
When it is time to make their phone calls.
Toni use his turn where she calls Dan at the hospital to tell them where they are and to bail them out.
Dan then calls Bunky  Lyla s real babysitter  to go over.
Lyla is okay.
Bunky arrives  finds Lyla asleep on her bed.
Bunky then calls her boyfriend  Billy  and invites him to come on over.
Billy arrives a short while later.
Bunky invites him up.
They can have sex.
Bunky hears a noise coming and asks Billy to check it out.
Making out.
He is pulled.
A knife is jabbed several times at Bunky.
Who is able to dodge it.
Bunky jumps off the bed and runs.
Bunky runs out to be grabbed by Ronald.
When Preacher comes out.
Who strangles her.
Later  Dan arrives home.
When they see cops.
Lyla is fine.
She told them.
The police apparently do not know.
Tom asks to stay.
Dan also invites Detective Barnett to stay as well any more of Dan s escaped patients pay a visit.
That evening  Dr Bain is trying to get a hold on the phone.
He is getting no response.
The Potter family is having dinner.
When Detective Barnett goes.
A crossbow is fired.
The family and Tom watch.
Barnett is hit and pinned.
The group reacts quickly and begins making sure.
All the doors and windows are locked.
They also learn.
The phone is dead.
Toni is too scared to go upstairs alone.
She tells Dan that she once had a breakdown and spent time as well.
Tom goes upstairs instead and secures all the windows.
He sees.
When Dan looks back outside.
Barnett s body is gone.
Tom and Dan barricade the front door as well as some of the windows.
An arrow is shot.
More crossbow bolts are shot as well.
Meanwhile  Bain is told.
The phone line is out of order.
He sets out.
The group hears a car approaching.
It is Bain.
Who gets out and tells them that their phones are out.
Dan and the others yell to get back in his car and drive away.
Bain decides and calls them out.
Dan yells that the voyagers are there.
It would be best to try to talk.
Preacher comes out.
Preacher angrily responds and then tries to get inside the front door.
When Dan opens it to try to help.
Bain runs back.
Preacher turns back and runs over beside the vehicle and yells Romans.
19  Vengeance is mine  saith the Lord.
A minute later  Tom looks out and sees.
No one is inside Bain s car.
Dan tries to scream and tells them.
He did not murder Dr Merton.
He gets no reply.
Suddenly  Barnett s dead body is thrown through a window.
The group stacks furniture.
Hawkes shoots another bolt.
Toni thinks.
She sees another window open.
A bloody body jumps.
When she goes to close it.
But she only imagined it.
Toni says  I m getting sick again.
When Dan asks her what is wrong.
Minutes later   Dan realizes and is planning to set fire.
When the group smells smoke.
Preacher must have broken.
She finds the dead Bunky and Billy.
When Nell goes to look.
Dan runs down  and struggles with Preacher and knocks him out with the fire extinguisher  and puts out the fire.
Upstairs  Ronald bursts from the kitchen back door and runs for the group with a baseball bat.
Lyla ducks and cuts his leg with a knife.
Tom swings a large cleaver.
Tom then picks and beats the cleaver in further.
Ronald falls.
Dan decides to make run.
He runs outside to get.
Tom embraces a shaken Toni.
Blood begins to pour.
Nell sees this and immediately realizes.
Who Tom really is.
Tom/Skagg wraps his hands and begins to strangle her.
Dan runs back inside and grabs Tom away.
When he hears the screaming.
Lyla hands her mother the knife and Nell stabs Tom  killing him.
Suddenly  Preacher comes out.
Dan struggles.
Dan manages to twist the large knife out  and stabs him the chest.
It then throws the fatally wounded Preacher back.
Hawkes appears standing with his crossbow aimed right at them.
Dan  Nell  Lyla and Toni gather together.
It s not just us crazy ones  says Hawkes.
Who kill.
Suddenly  the electricity comes back.
Hawkes sees.
Dr Merton interviewed on television.
Evidently upset  Hawkes breaks the TV and leaves the house and runs off.
Hawkes walks and passes the nightclub.
Where the Sick Fucks are playing.
He enters the club and beats up the doorman outside.
Who insults him.
Hawkes watches the punk rock band perform.
When a girl whacked out walks up to Hawkes and says something to him.
He pulls out his.
45 caliber gun and points it.
She looks and laughs  and so does Hawkes.
<EOS>
A cattle buyer  a federal agent and a newswoman become involved.
Homesteader war.
<EOS>
Four warriors must save the earth from being taken over by extraterrestrials.
Who will do anything to save their race.
Rated R.
<EOS>
The documentary intersperses archival footage.
Who fought discrimination.
King Jordan  Judi Chamberlin and Judith Heumann  and legislators.
Who helped draft and secure the passage  including Tony Coelho and Tom Harkin.
Lives Worth Living traces the history of the movement in the United States in roughly chronological order.
When veterans began to demand an end to discrimination and for better access to employment and other social opportunities.
The film documents.
Activists with disabilities began to adopt the some of the tactics and strategies used by civil rights activists a decade earlier  including marches  protests  and civil disobedience.
Using sometimes-disturbing archival footage  Lives Worth Living describes efforts spearheaded like Bobby Kennedy to shine a public spotlight on the often-horrendous conditions in state institutions for people with mental disabilities  such as Willowbrook State School in Staten Island  New York  eventually leading to deinstitutionalization and community-based alternative programs.
Lives Worth Living also documents.
Deaf students at Gallaudet University in Washington D.
C.
Protested the appointment  and demanded.
A deaf president be appointed instead.
People formed cross-disability coalitions to demand access to all the things.
Nondisabled people take  including public transportation  accessible housing  public accommodations  and jobs.
All these efforts culminated with Disabilities Act by Congress  and the ADA s signing by President George H.
W.
Bush.
<EOS>
Advertising executive Buddy has just signed an airline as a big client but is later delayed by a snow storm waiting for a flight to Los Angeles on the same airline.
He meets Greg Janello.
Who opts to be bumped  even though it means missing an outing.
Buddy  trying to do a good deed  gives his ticket.
When the flight resumes boarding.
He can get home.
He discovers.
Spending the night.
Greg s flight crashed.
Buddy had conspired to put Greg on the flight using his boarding pass.
Now he needs his name removed and add Greg s name.
Meanwhile  Greg s wife Abby Janello is woken up.
Is. 
Greg would still arrive.
His death is confirmed.
Once back.
A.
Buddy s new client dictates.
The company run a series to ameliorate the tragic consequences of the crash.
Buddy feels guilty.
Drunkenly acts out.
When the commercials win a Clio award.
Buddy arranges to meet Abby and her two young sons  without revealing his responsibility for her husband s death.
Following her  Buddy catches her off guard with a hostile dog setting the unit up for a showing.
Abby catches him about just stopping by.
The dog  ironically also called Buddy  gets loose.
Still chained  and tears.
The two talk  each maintaining a secret.
Abby is divorced.
Buddy did nt really know Greg.
Buddy helps Abby.
Jim the owner has put a bid.
Abby does a masterful job.
She has no idea.
Where her offer to pay a commission point back.
Buddy s confidence through as does she.
Abby treats Buddy.
They discuss their journey.
Abby tells a humorous story.
She broke Greg s nose climbing.
She then finishes.
Buddy tells Abby.
She is really brave.
She replies.
She was just scared.
Buddy remarks.
It s not brave if you re not scared.
Falling  Buddy gets close to the whole family.
The airline s settlement comes through for Abby.
Who next wants to put her boys to Palm Springs to get over their fear of flying.
Abby tells Buddy and need nt say another word  hinting.
He is.
She would not expect him to play father.
However  there s a short pause.
Buddy gets right back with a request to go along - and soon develops a strong bond with the two boys.
Buddy says.
He has a secret he will reveal the next day.
It all comes apart.
When Mimi shows up  giving Abby a short video having a drink in the airport bar.
Abby is devastated.
Buddy lied on such a fundamental issue and demands that he leave her home and her life - though also demanding that he say goodbye to the boys.
This does nt sit well  Buddy comes back the next day and talks to Scott.
Who feels that his father died trying to get home.
Buddy is called to testify  Abby watches on television and Buddy.
Trying to keep the truth bares his soul.
He did give his ticket  he did not take Greg s in exchange  he did get Greg on the plane with Janice.
She later changed the roster to get it right.
They all had compromised the airline s security procedures.
Buddy remembered  having had too many people.
Greg was nt the good flier he once was.
Buddy is excused  but does nt feel excused for his actions.
Abby had harbored the same guilt.
They had pressured Greg.
Buddy has strained relations with his own company to the breaking point.
He resigns  and packs his things at work and at home.
Abby comes by to tell him.
His talk had helped them both.
Buddy  sensing  asks her to help him.
Abby is about to leave.
Whatever she recommends.
She says.
She is nt going to get it right.
Buddy steadfastly tells her.
She s the best to handle it.
Buddy starts to talk  Abby listens.
They start their relationship over.
<EOS>
The film begins.
The father is supporting him.
The narrator states  but questions.
It is right to support his child in his infancy.
Whether the father should continue to hold the child s hand even after he is 24 years old.
A visibly angry Siddhu begins uttering abuses at all the fathers in the world.
He says.
When inquired.
His father  Aravind  gives him more.
He cites.
Instances where his choices are stashed away by his father s.
However  he vows  his career and the woman.
The two things that will be would be.
He would marry.
Post-credits  Satya  the Arvind dutiful household s servant wakes up Siddhu.
We see Siddhu s mother  Lakshmi singing a devotional song while cooking.
Arvind  Managing Director of their construction company  inquires.
Siddhu will join their office.
His father does nt stand any longer and instead plans despite Siddhu s silent protest.
When Siddhu deliberates.
The next week  he returns home to realize.
He is going to get engaged against his wishes.
He speaks to realize.
She is a daddy s girl.
She not being.
However   they eventually get engaged.
Siddhu accidentally meets Priya  an engineering student.
Contemplating in a temple.
Seeing her chirpy nature and vibrance  Siddhu begins to like her.
He makes attempts to know her.
He starts liking her cherubic and ever-friendly nature and as someone.
Who does what she loves.
He realizes about so many small things.
Days go.
Gave him happiness.
He realizes.
He has fallen with her.
Siddhu applies for a bank loan to start out on his dream of building his career.
He wishes to propose.
When his love deepens.
He confesses.
He is engaged to get married against his wishes  but what he really wants is her.
Priya gets dejected  but comes back a day later and asks him to do.
What he wishes and accepts his proposal.
The ecstatic Siddhu is seen by a furious Arvind.
Siddhu is admonished back home.
He expresses his disinterest.
Siddhu replies saying.
When asked.
If Priya can stay  then all their questions shall be answered.
He convinces Priya to stay after lying to her father  Kanaka Rao.
She is going.
She gets a lukewarm welcome.
When Priya is introduced.
One begins to like her.
She settles down.
Priya stayed put.
Though getting used was difficult.
Arvind reprimands Siddhu.
When he knows  only to further enrage Siddhu.
One day the entire family along attends a marriage ceremony.
A cheerful Priya cheers up the ceremony.
Coincidentally  Kanaka Rao  recognizes Siddhu.
Who happens to be around.
Whom he encountered.
Priya realizes her father s presence and quickly exits to avoid his attention.
Siddhu admonishes Priya for her antics at the marriage.
A sad and angry Priya moves out.
She does not find Siddhu the same and that she can not put if she stays in their house.
She rebuilds the trust.
Her father has.
Siddhu is left forlorn.
Lakshmi confronts Arvind and wants.
Siddhu opens up his heart.
Leaving Arvind to repent.
Siddhu requests Subbulakshmi and her parents.
To call off the impending marriage.
Arvind manages to convince Kanaka babu and Priya s marriage.
They relent.
Kanaka wants to know more about Siddhu by having him live in house for a week.
Arvind agrees.
The viewers are left to assume.
The story returns.
<EOS>
The former horse racing-correspondent Metcalfe is placed.
The Germans invade Poland.
Eight months later  he meets.
A Norwegian fisherman called Alstad.
This scuffle is reminiscent Alstad takes him aboard his boat during a sea voyage in Norway s territorial waters.
Which they sight the Altmark and are fired upon  despite Norway s neutrality.
They then come back.
Metcalfe goes to Oslo to report this there  despite the best efforts of the German Kommandant and the German-sympathising local police chief Gunter.
There Metcalfe meets Lockwood en route back from the Winter War in Finland.
It was Lockwood.
Who had got him the foreign correspondent job.
He now passes.
He has been fired for sailing out with the fisherman rather than staying on dry land where the paper can contact him.
Metcalfe informs the embassy  and also warns his paper.
A German war is imminent.
Alstad s daughter Kari also meets him to tell him at Bergen.
Her father suspects have troops.
The pair say goodbye and Metcalfe  getting.
What he thinks is a taxi.
Meanwhile  Germany invades  Metcalfe is scooped  and - back in Britain - Chamberlain s government falls.
Churchill becomes prime minister.
A British warship intercepts the ship and liberates him.
Which Metcalfe is held.
She is re-routed to help Operation Ariel  the evacuation of British troops from north-western France.
She can get Metcalfe back.
Amidst the carnage  Metcalfe finds Lockwood  dying of wounds.
Metcalfe is convinced not to join up and instead to start a press campaign.
As the Blitz begins.
Just about to set out  he is called upon by the Admiralty to be parachute-dropped back into Langedal  By the Special Operations Executive.
This is unnamed.
Sabotage a camouflaged U-boat base nearby  and escape into neutral Sweden.
He is spotted and pursued by the Germans  but manages to escape and gain shelter.
There he finds.
Alstad has been interned.
Kari has brought shame by getting engaged to the traitorous Gunter.
However   Kari saves him.
When the Germans arrive to demand Metcalfe s papers.
There she reveals.
She only took to obtain her father s release.
Alstad is released and agrees to help Metcalfe to signal to guide them in on their raid on it.
Kari and Metcalfe bid a romantic farewell.
The signalling is successful.
The base destroyed  but Alstad is shot dead.
Metcalfe returns to tell Kari the news  just take eight random hostages.
Who will be shot if the British spy they are sheltering is not given up.
Metcalfe overhears this  and gives himself up.
Gunter returns to try to save her from the firing squad.
She too will face.
She refuses and is locked up.
Gunter shows her the kindness.
They prepare to die.
The first party are taken out  but then a British commando raid arrives.
Gunter is shot by the Kommandant.
The latter makes a hasty escape.
The hostages are all freed unharmed.
The raiders capture the town and its German garrison.
Then leave almost immediately  taking Metcalfe  Kari  the hostages and their families.
The raid is similar.
Genuine film footage is incorporated into the sequence.
<EOS>
The events depicted take place on a single night and results in several characters sharing their life stories.
It is a fascinating depiction.
Some of which continue.
<EOS>
Cultists seize the only man capable of devising a way to stop a giant meteor from hitting the Earth.
A female agent teams up.
Who together have three days to rescue the scientist and save the planet.
<EOS>
The film is a parody.
Doraemon and friends find themselves in an interstellar war.
Where an army is trying to take.
Our heroes joins another army to stop the antagonists.
<EOS>
Chris Hammond is a high school senior.
He s an average student  a decent track team participant  and likes a girl.
Who happens to be dating a jock.
His father Jack  a surgeon  wants him to get to study.
Chris  friend Trigger has an uncle  and helps Jack and Chris switch brains.
Who had experimented.
<EOS>
Where does cinema verite come.
Avant-garde techniques and the pioneering filmmakers  notably National Film Board of Canada icon Michel Brault  set the stage for a new movie-making philosophy born in the 50s and 60s  a philosophy.
Whose influence lives on.
Denys Desjardins recounts the story.
Who revolutionized shooting and production methods.
Interviews  Roger Blais  Wolf Koenig  Denys Arcand  Marcel Carriere  Roman Kroitor  Terence Macartney-Filgate  Fernand Dansereau  Claude Fournier  Jean-Claude Labrecque  Jacques Giraldeau  and others  revisit a pivotal turning point in the evolution of modern film.
<EOS>
Kamal Kishore Khosla is a middle-class man living.
He is a simple man.
The film begins  instead his children and neighbours are more occupied with banal small talk.
Where Khosla sees his death  the irony being that nobody really cares.
Waking up  Khosla goes to visit a site.
Where he has purchased a plot to build a house.
He is accompanied.
K. 
A. 
Bunty  younger son Chironji Lal a.
K. 
A. 
Cherry  and his daughter.
Kamal Kishore has invested all into buying the plot  Cherry is not too interested in his father s future plans of settling together in the new house.
He is a software engineer and   he finds his current lifestyle too drab and has planned to shift by taking up a job there.
A source for his father.
However  he has not let his family.
The only person are Asif Iqbal  the agent helping him.
Cherry discusses his plan.
Much later  he shares this.
Who has a very visible romantic interest.
They find.
When Cherry reveals his migration plans.
The plot encroached upon.
Probing further reveals.
The squatters are part.
Who had facilitated the purchase.
Khurana places.
15 lacs to vacate the plot  an amount.
Khosla neither has nor agrees to pay.
Kamal Kishore appeals  including the police  lawyers  political parties  NGOs and social activists for help.
None offers more than to get the amount demanded by Khurana reduced by a few lacs  in exchange for a hefty commission for mediating  of course.
Spurred  Bunty gets help from a gang of local strongmen.
Who demolish the boundary walls built and take possession of the plot back by force.
This success is.
The corrupt Khurana has the police.
Kamal Kishore is arrested.
Released after spending a day in the police lock-up  Khosla s will is broken and pride battered.
Khosla tells his family to avoid taking any further action.
He is not capable and wants Cherry to concentrate on the job that he s arranging abroad.
Cherry discusses the grim situation.
Who is revealed to have been an old partner and who has been cheated by him  usurping Asif s own ancestral land.
Asif offers to help the Khoslas  turn the tables on Khurana and beat him at his own game  duping him Rs.
.
5 million.
Kamal Kishore pays a renegotiated 12 lacs to Khurana and gets possession of his plot back.
The remaining spoils are split.
The turmoil suffered stirs emotions.
Bring Cherry close.
Cherry scraps his plans  marries Meghna and settles with his family in their new abode built on their plot.
His father allows him to change his name from Chironji Lal to Chirag.
He is left looking bitter  having finally tasted his own medicine.
<EOS>
The transport ship Hunter-Gratzner  and its crew and passengers in cryo-stasis chambers  pass through a comet s tail while on autopilot.
Debris rupture the hull and kill some of its crew  including the captain.
The remaining crew is awakened and docking pilot Carolyn Fry and her co-pilot  Greg Owens  awake to attempt to land the ship on a nearby planet.
Fry wants to dump the passenger compartment to save the ship and herself.
Owens stops her.
The ship crashes  killing Owens.
Fry joins.
Johns.
Who claims to be a cop.
Johns discovers that another passenger  the convict Richard B.
Riddick  has escaped  and implores the others to help find him.
They find.
They explore the planet.
It is surrounded  keeping it in perpetual daylight.
They come  with supplies of water and a spacecraft  though lacking power cells.
They can use to escape the planet.
They prepare to return to collect its power cells.
Riddick is discovered and captured.
When one survivor is killed exploring a nearby cave.
Fry investigates the cave  looking  but instead discovers several living indigenous creatures  vicious winged hunters.
Can only survive.
Fry believes.
The population was killed by the creatures.
Orders Riddick released  believing him to be a far lesser threat.
Riddick reveals  and is being brought.
Johns is actually a mercenary.
They discover.
They are about to leave the settlement.
The planet undergoes a month-long eclipse every twenty-two years  due to start shortly.
The group returns and collect the power cells and remaining survivors.
The eclipse begins  shrouding the planet and causing the creatures to emerge from their underground dens.
Riddick   takes control  ordering them to collect all the light sources to ward away the creatures.
Who has the ability to see.
They make their way back.
The tension breaks them apart.
The group initially works together.
Several are killed during the chaos.
To make matters worse  Riddick reveals.
Jack is a girl  and undergoing her menstrual cycle  the scent.
Riddick wounds him and leaves him behind  luring the beasts to devour Johns.
When Johns suggests using Jack to lure the predators away.
They take shelter in a cave near the settlement.
Where bioluminescent worms keep the creatures.
Riddick promises to return and goes off to the settlement to collect the spacecraft.
Fry  attempting to ward off the creatures  discovers Riddick ready to take off by himself.
She begs him to stay  revealing.
She had been ready to ditch the other passengers before to save herself.
Riddick initially declines  imploring her to go now.
He relents and returns to help the others.
Fry sacrifices herself to allow the three to enter the shuttle safely.
Riddick waits to ignite the engines to kill as many of the creatures as possible as revenge for Fry s death.
Riddick tells the others.
They enter space.
Should they encounter any law enforcement personnel  Tell em Riddick s dead.
He died somewhere.
<EOS>
Brian Kessler is a graduate student and a journalist.
Who has written an article.
Brian realizes.
The book deal advance is spent.
He needs to start working.
His photographer girlfriend  they decide to drive to California and visit infamous murder sites along the way.
Carrie Laughlin persuades him to move.
Short  Brian posts a ride-share ad.
Meanwhile  parolee Early Grayce has just lost his job.
His parole officer learns and comes to the trailer park.
Where Early lives.
Early refuses the officer s offer  saying.
He wants to leave the state.
The officer informs him.
If he does not keep the appointment  he will be returned.
Early decides to go  and   he is confronted by the landlord over non-payment of rent.
When he is out.
Early grows violent and spins out  chasing the man all over the park.
Early spies the ride-share ad and calls Brian.
Who agrees to meet him the following day.
Early sends Adele ahead and   murders the landlord.
Revealed later.
Carrie s first response is to suggest Brian turn the car around and leave  but Brian asks her to give the plan a chance.
She reluctantly agrees.
Unbeknownst to his companions  Early murders a man in a gas station bathroom and steals his money.
He cuts Adele s hair to match Carrie s.
When they arrive.
Early invites Brian out to play pool  leaving Adele and Carrie alone together.
Adele reveals to Carrie.
She is a rape victim and that she views Early  even though her mother did not approve because Early had just been released from prison.
Carrie is alarmed with Early and nonchalant response to the news.
Early has been.
She gives him an ultimatum  either they rid themselves.
She will leave.
Carrie glimpses a newscast with footage of Early and the announcement.
He is a suspected murderer.
Early kills the gas station attendant and continues the trip.
They encounter two police officers.
Whom Early shoots.
Early orders Brian to finish off one.
Brian refuses.
They next come.
Early beats the man.
Adele allows the woman to flee.
Adele confronts him and says.
Early rushes to find the woman.
She wants nothing more to do.
Early shoots Adele  strikes Brian  and kidnaps Carrie.
Brian regains consciousness.
The elderly woman gives him the keys.
Brian arrives Early  hitting him in the head with a shovel.
Brian finds Carrie bloodied and handcuffed.
Early   attacks Brian and they struggle.
Who was only stunned.
Carrie hits Early.
Brian shoots him.
When Early continues the attack.
Early is not mortally wounded  Brian realizes this and shoots him again  killing him.
The film ends in a California beach house.
She tells him.
A gallery is interested.
He suggests they go out to celebrate.
He leaves his tape player on.
Adele s voice is heard  talking.
About how good Carrie and Brian were and Early  and how much their friendship means to her.
<EOS>
Bohlen was born.
He had a weakness.
He was young.
His father taught him.
He always had to reach the top.
Bohlen played during his adolescence and was incredibly popular with the girls.
Started working as a producer in a record company.
His friend Andy created the Formula Haste Geld - haste Autos - haste Frauen to success.
Bohlen started working to get the money.
Finally  he met the singer Thomas Anders and founded the band Modern Talking.
Achieved success.
But Anders  wife  Nora Balling  interfered more and more  provoking the band s split.
Bohlen met Naddel  then he fell in love with her  particularly because of her big  but false breasts.
They then went.
But later  Bohlen met Verona.
He fell with her too.
He broke up.
He married Verona  but just.
Verona can divorce and receive a million German marks.
Bohlen fell.
He wanted to reunite Modern Talking.
The success came back again.
He had just three options to continue.
He decided to go.
He united again.
<EOS>
We meet the characters again in this film.
Vesna is.
A meeting upsets her family.
They decide.
She should marry because they think she is pregnant.
The confusion suits the young couple.
Who wanted to get married.
Plot translated in Slovene.
<EOS>
Chris Farraday is an.
Who now has a peaceful life.
They learn  but dropped them during a surprise inspection by U.
Kate s brother Andy was smuggling drugs.
S.
Customs.
Andy s boss  ruthless mobster Tim Briggs  threatens to kill Chris  family.
Andy does nt pay $.
Chris decides to raise the money.
Who has also gone legit and now owns a construction company.
He promises Kate  joining the crew.
He will not run drugs.
Order to buy $ 10000000 in Panama and smuggle them into the U.
S.
He is joined and gets help from fellow crew mates.
Briggs breaks  so they move into Sebastian s house for safety.
Chris discovers and refuses to accept them.
The bills are.
The only one is crime lord Gonzalo.
Who can provide good ones.
Briggs calls Andy and threatens to kill one.
Chris and Danny negotiate.
Andy does nt immediately take Chris  money and use it to buy cocaine.
Gonzalo lets Chris and Danny help.
They are successful.
Gonzalo and his men are killed.
Chris and Danny make it back in a van containing the fake bills and the tarp.
They load the contraband-laden van.
Is loaded.
Chris assaults Andy.
It is revealed.
Sebastian has been working.
Gangster Jim Church threatens to kill Sebastian if he does nt repay money he borrowed to save his fledgling construction business.
Chris tells him.
When Sebastian calls Chris.
He might drop the drugs Andy bought.
Sebastian tells Briggs.
Who assaults Kate and warns her to tell Chris to not dump the package.
Kate calls Chris and tells him.
What Briggs said.
Chris is surprised.
Briggs knew  realizing that Sebastian had to have told him.
Kate does not know and goes back.
Kate runs.
When Sebastian tries to force himself.
Sebastian breaks the door open  sending Kate flying and bashing her head.
Sebastian thinks and panics  wraps her  and throws Kate s unconscious body in a yet to be poured foundation.
She is dead.
Sebastian contacts the cargo ship s Captain Camp  tells him.
Chris is smuggling  and promises him a share if he makes sure Chris does nt throw it overboard.
Camp calls U.
When Chris does not give up the contraband.
S.
Customs to meet the ship.
The Customs Agents do not find anything other  containing only the paint splattered tarp.
Briggs and his thugs force Chris to take them.
Chris takes Briggs  having made a duplicate key while on the ship  and knowingly activates the security system.
Chris opens Camp s personal carpet cleaner.
The Captain had  and retrieves the cocaine from the carpet cleaner s water tank.
Chris sneaks out.
Briggs and his gang sit.
Camp awakens and comes into the living room.
The police arrive.
Both Briggs and Camp are arrested.
Chris goes and brutally beats him  demanding Kate s location.
He tries calling her cellphone and hears the ringtone.
When Sebastian tells Chris that she s dead.
Where cement is being poured and rescues her.
Sebastian is arrested and sent.
Danny retrieves the fake bills.
We learn Chris had dumped before docking in New Orleans.
Andy buys the escape van  still containing the tarp.
Church pays Chris $ 3 million.
And asks.
He knows anything  telling him that it s worth over $ 20 million on the black market.
Chris  Andy and Danny find the tarp/painting  having gone unnoticed.
The film ends in a waterfront house.
<EOS>
The Pirates burst in to host the show  overriding Bob and Larry.
The show opens.
Who Do nt Do Anything.
Bob walks off  the Pirates read the letter.
Asks   whether to trust God.
The Captain  aka  Pa Grape  then tells the story a man.
Who trusted God.
The story is narrated.
He tells it.
He goes and asks him non-sense questions.
He comes in to find that the orphanage is out of food.
The orphans can not eat breakfast the next day.
They pray for food and the next day and offers the children milk and bread.
When Simon offers to go out and buy them food some friend comes in.
The Pirates are declared too busy to do the song and thus  Bob the Tomato is caught off-guard and thrust into a ukelele-karaoke featuring the French Peas dressed up as dancing hula-turtles.
Afterwards  the story is played featuring Larry The Cucumber in the title role.
Gideon stops the parade to explain.
The large amount was not his to take.
He then tells the true account.
Which he reluctantly chooses to defend his country after an angel appears to him.
Initially  he does nt want  and says like a girl   He chose you  to say the truth  and Put me in the dark.
He s not a warrior  that he s afraid and screams.
Which the angel replies.
I m afraid.
I scream too.
Gideon then asks.
When the sign is complete  asks that the fleece be dry and the ground around drenched.
This sign is completed too.
Gideon accepts his job.
He learns to trust God and is able to defeat the Midianites.
When Gideon s sizable army is reduced.
Finishing  the Pirates are confused about Gideon s story.
They did not know who he was.
However  Bob comes on and acknowledges.
He put the story.
Qwerty gives.
A verse and the Captain declares his desire to make a Pirates Who Do nt Do Anything movie.
Nobody is interested.
The show ends.
He hopes he can get the funds necessary.
<EOS>
Jacey Jeffries  a 16 year old high school student.
She is also the mother.
She chooses to keep the baby.
Her mother  Terry pretends the infant is hers to allow Jacey to finish high school and lead a relatively normal life and graduate.
She criticizes several during a class discussion.
When Jacey attends a new school.
Jacey s opinions lead Donna Cooper  the Health teacher  to take a special interest.
Jacey s comments are unique.
She does not have an interest.
The teacher s husband  the swim coach Bob  convinces Jacey to join the swim team.
Jacey passes out.
Donna and Bob are unable to conceive and are devastated.
When they discover their latest round has failed.
Jacey feels.
Matters are unresolved.
It is apparent.
Jacey was and still is in love him.
Jacey feels guilty.
Brad is unaware that Jacey gave birth.
Brad currently attends college.
She becomes nervous and hangs up.
When Jacey attempts to call him.
Donna sees Jacey  and asks.
Jacey is his mother.
Many students witnessed the interrogation and believe.
Jacey lied.
Jacey is really the mother.
She begins to get teased.
Her secret is found out.
When the students were asked.
She goes.
When other students criticize her.
She leaves abruptly to see Brad.
They spend the day together  and are about to have sex.
When Jacey announces that the reason she left him was because she got pregnant.
Brad takes the news badly and leaves.
Jacey returns home and has huge argument.
Who hands her Charley and tells her to handle things  angry that Jacey does nt understand the sacrifices she has made to help Jacey have a normal life.
Exhausted and confused  she turns.
Donna advocates.
She wants to be Charley s Mom to which Terry gives a speech about the sacrifices it takes to be a ` real Mom.
A few weeks later Brad arrives and tells Terry work between Jacey and him.
He will make it.
However   she finds out Brad s parents and leaves him.
When Jacey makes a surprise visit.
Will only help if a DNA test is done to prove Brad is the father  Jacey feels betrayed.
Jacey gives a speech on pregnancy and teen sex  using examples from her friends from the teen mother s meeting.
She gets applause and respect.
Afterwards  Macy  her sister  gives her a DVD.
She had put together for him to watch when he is older.
Watching it together  the two reconcile.
Later  Donna receives a call.
There is a baby waiting to be adopted.
Overjoyed  Donna and Bob go to adopt the child  only to find.
It is Charley.
Jacey has decided to give him up to better their lives.
It is indicated.
This is in fact the couple that was originally going to adopt him before Jacey changed her mind.
<EOS>
The film is a three-act story.
Who lives.
Willie s cousin Eva comes from Hungary to stay with him for ten days.
Aunt Lotte  whom she will be staying  will be in the hospital.
Willie at first makes it clear.
He does not want her there.
He.
Orders Eva to speak English.
However  Willie soon begins to enjoy her company.
This becomes especially true  You re alright.
When Eva steals food items and gets a TV dinner for Willie.
He ends up buying her a dress.
She later discards.
Eva leaves.
Willie is clearly upset to see her go.
Eddie   sees her right.
Who had met Eva previously.
She goes.
The second act starts a year later and opens showing Willie and Eddie winning a large amount of money by cheating at a game of poker.
Willie decides   to leave the city.
They now have.
They decide to go to see Eva.
However  they are just as bored.
When they get there.
They were.
They end up tagging along with Eva and a friend  Billy  to the movies.
They eventually decide to go back.
The final act begins  on their way back to New York  deciding to go to Florida.
They turn around and rescue Eva.
The three get to Florida and get a room at a hotel.
They end up losing all on dog races.
They decide to go back and bet on horse races.
Willie refuses to let Eva come along  so she goes out.
She ends up being mistaken  and is given a large sum of money.
She goes back  leaves some of the money for Willie and Eddie  and writes them a note explaining  and then goes there.
She is going.
She discovers.
When she arrives.
The only flight left that day is to Budapest  which is where she originally came from.
She decides to wait  and goes back to the hotel.
Willie and Eddie end up winning all back at the horse races.
But  Eva is gone.
When they get back.
Willie reads her note.
They go.
Willie conceives a plan  buy a ticket  get  find Eva and convince her to stay in the states.
When they get there.
There was only one free seat left.
What Willie did nt know was that Eva made her decision about flying back to Budapest.
The second shows Eddie outside watching the plane leave.
He realizes.
What has happened.
The final shot shows Eva back  returning to an empty room.
<EOS>
A newsreel sets the scene  showing Nazi advances in Europe with England facing invasion and aerial attacks on the island increasing.
Recounts the story of how his friend  R.
J.
Mitchell designed the Spitfire fighter.
His pilots listen.
Crisp begins.
He envisages a new shape.
Watching seagulls.
Crisp  an ex-First World War pilot seeking work  captivates.
Mitchell promises to hire him as test pilot should his design ever go into production.
Facing opposition  Mitchell succeeds in creating a series of highly successful seaplane racers  eventually winning the Schneider Trophy outright for Great Britain.
Mitchell resolves to build the fastest and deadliest fighter aircraft.
Convincing Henry Royce  Mitchell gets the powerplant.
A new engine  eventually to become the famous Rolls-Royce Merlin  is needed.
He requires.
Faced and battling against failing health  Mitchell dies.
He has only one year to live.
The first prototype Supermarine Spitfire takes.
Crisp ends his account  voicing a thanks for creating the Spitfire.
When the squadron is scrambled to counter a German attack.
<EOS>
Sally ` Tally  Atwater is an ambitious  aspiring news reporter.
Who is discovered when she sends in a homemade audition tape.
He carefully guides her career  all the while becoming increasingly attracted to her.
Tally soon rises to become successful.
Warren s once-stellar career sinks.
Furthermore  Tally s ascension takes her away.
When she is forced to relocate.
Tally struggles  in no small part due to the hostility of veteran reporter Marcia McGrath.
Who jealously protects her position.
Warren turns up to inspire Tally.
The two partners begin a new career together.
However   Tally and her cameraman are taken hostage in a prison riot and forced to endure hours of intense violence.
Tally covers the groundbreaking story.
Warren looks on  guiding her through her first national broadcast.
This incredible act leads to Tally s eagerly anticipated advancement to a national network newscaster position and the continuation of the dynamic duo s rise to fame - but shortly.
Disaster strikes.
<EOS>
Greaser s Palace follows Jesse  a Christ-like figure  on his way to Jerusalem to find work as a.
He runs afoul of the local boss  Seeweedhead Greaser.
He brings Greaser s son Lamy back.
<EOS>
Vince Carden s hatred has caused an estrangement from his brother Paul and disappointment from wife Martha.
A wagon train joined is attacked by braves in retaliation for a raid by Vince.
The only survivor is a woman  Kate Mayfield  returning home from her education back East.
Vince organizes one more attack  pitting him the Indians but his own brother.
<EOS>
The film follows.
A typical journey made  from Marree to Birdsville  some 325 miles away  showing the various people he met along the Track and the sorts of obstacles he faced.
The film was closely scripted  it comprises a number of re-enactments and a ` lost children  story  rather than chronicling an ` actual  trip.
Nonetheless  many were real-life bush characters.
They include the bushman-cum-mailman Tom Kruse  Bejah Dervish  the Afghan camel driver  William Henry Butler  Kruse s record-playing companion  Jack the Dogger  and old Joe the Aboriginal rainmaker.
Who fought the desert.
Who kills wild dingoes.
Australian Screen curator  Lauren Williams  suggests.
The film can be read.
Cunningham  Stuart ` To go back and beyond   The Australian Journal of Media & Culture Vol.
2 No.
1 Titles  Introduction Marree Travelling  The Night Bog Etadinna Cooper Crossing Kopperamanna Mission Travelling Vignettes Lost Children Windstorm  Birdsville.
<EOS>
Mrs Kay Miniver and her family live.
A comfortable life called Starlings in a village outside London.
The house has a large garden   and a motorboat.
Her husband Clem is a successful architect.
They have three children  the youngsters Toby and Judy  and an older son Vin.
They have live-in staff  Gladys the housemaid and Ada the cook.
Vin comes down and meets Carol Beldon  granddaughter of Lady Beldon from nearby Beldon Hall.
World War II looms.
-- mainly contrasting Vin s idealistic attitude to class differences with Carol s practical altruism -- they fall in love.
Vin proposes after a yacht club.
They eventually marry.
Vin feels.
The war comes closer.
He must do his bit and enlists  qualifying as a fighter pilot.
He is posted near to his parents  home.
Clem volunteers to take his motorboat to assist in the Dunkirk evacuation.
One morning  Kay hears a plane crash nearby.
The wounded  fanatical German pilot hides holds her at gunpoint.
She feeds him  calmly disarms him  and then calls the police.
Clem comes home.
Lady Beldon meets to try and convince her to talk Vin out of marrying Carol.
Lady Beldon is unsuccessful  and admits defeat.
When it occurs that there is nothing she can do to stop it.
Later  Kay and her family hide during an air raid  and attempt to keep their minds off the bombing by reading Alice s Adventures in Wonderland.
Clem refers.
Parts of the house have been destroyed.
Vin comes home.
The entry of the local stationmaster rose.
Mr Ballard named the Mrs Miniver rose is declared the winner.
Afterward  Kay and Carol drive Vin to join his squadron.
As an air attack begins.
Kay stops the car  Carol is wounded in an attack from a German plane.
She dies.
Few minutes after they reach home.
Kay is devastated.
He is told the terrible news.
When Vin returns.
<EOS>
Mitch McDeere is a young man.
He is approached by Bendini  Lambert & Locke  ` The Firm   and made an offer.
He can not refuse.
He and his wife  Abigail Abby  move.
Where The Firm is located.
Avery Tolar becomes his mentor.
Seduced on him  including a house and car  he is at first totally oblivious to the more sinister side of his company.
Then  two associates are murdered.
The FBI contacts him  asking him and informing him.
The Firm is connected  and that every associate who has ever tried to leave The Firm ends up murdered.
His life knows.
It is forever changed.
He has a choice  work and risk being discovered by The Firm or losing his law license  or stay with The Firm and both violate his personal code of ethics and go to jail.
He believes that attorney-client confidentiality prevents him.
When the FBI cracks The Firm.
Either way he will lose his life.
He knows it.
Mitch devises a plan.
Allows him to cooperate by finding proof that all partners from The Firm were guilty of overbilling  while at the same time reaching an agreement with the mob Morolto brothers.
He manages to do so without breaking any laws  thereby being able to keep his status as a lawyer.
The McDeeres leave their house in Memphis for Boston  driving the same car.
They arrived in.
<EOS>
Naive Montana cowboy Duke Fergus arrives and visits the notorious Barbary Coast.
He becomes smitten.
He gets talked against the owner  cardshark Tito Morell.
Predictably  Fergus gets cheated and loses all his money.
He sets himself to win Flaxen s affections and decides the best way to do.
It is to take over.
He gets his friend Wolf Wylie to teach him everything  including.
To spot cheating.
He sells all.
When he s ready.
He owns and returns.
He goes to casino  challenging each one s resident poker champion to a heads-up game  starting with Morell.
Duke wins every time.
Fergus then builds an opulent new gambling establishment  catering.
To make it a success  he needs to persuade Flaxen to come work.
She is initially not interested.
Does she decide to accept Fergus s offer.
When Morell offends her.
And then the fireworks begin.
Morell does not take the challenge laying down.
<EOS>
Called The Razors  fighting.
They were soldiers.
Now they are united.
A journalist fighting is kidnapped by the enemy.
There are forty eight hours to stop the execution and no hope.
The countdown begins and  will cease to exist.
When it ends  the world as we know it.
<EOS>
There once was a river.
Where so many crocodiles roamed that it was far too dangerous.
Many people had lost at least one of their relatives and loved ones to crocodile attacks.
San   was no different.
Who changed his profession.
He would nt have lost his dearest wife  relatives  neighbours  best friend  and nearly his own life.
The notorious crocodiles had not been around.
Ever since  he was determined.
As long as he was alive  he had to put those crocodiles.
<EOS>
The film is set.
India has gained its independence.
Steve Gibbs  an American arms dealer  flies.
Whose capital is facing an attack.
He is opposed.
Who is a proponent.
He also falls with a blind girl.
<EOS>
Chubby high school student and Madonna-devotee Oh Dong-ku believes herself to be a woman trapped.
Living  Dong-ku works part-time and saves her money for the sex change surgery.
She craves.
She has the perfect physique.
She changes her mind and signs up.
When she finds out.
<EOS>
Zane Zaminski  a radio astronomer working  discovers an extraterrestrial radio signal from Wolf 336  a star 14 light years from Earth.
Zane reports this.
Phil dismisses the claims.
Zane soon finds.
He has been fired  and blacklisted  preventing him from working at other telescopes.
Taking a job  he creates his own telescope array using his customers  dishes in the neighborhood  operating it secretly from his attic with help of his young next door neighbor  Kiki.
Zane relocates the signal.
It is drowned out from a Mexican radio station.
Zane attempts to tell his former coworker  Calvin  but finds.
He has just died suspiciously.
Zane travels and finds.
The radio station was burnt.
Searching the local area  he comes.
There  he helps climatologist Ilana Green protect her atmospheric analysis equipment.
Ilana explains.
The Earth s temperature has recently risen several degrees  melting the polar ice.
She is investigating the power plant  one.
Appears to be the cause.
The two are released  but.
Surprisingly  Zane realizes.
One could pass as the identical twin of his former boss  Phil  except that he is of Mexican ethnicity.
Phil instructs some agents  posing  to release an alien device in Zane s attic.
Zane and Ilana regroup.
Creates a miniature black hole  consuming all.
Zane leaves Ilana to again investigate the power plant.
She is soon killed.
Zane discovers.
The plant is a front.
The very different looking aliens are able to disguise themselves to infiltrate our society.
Zane finds.
All expel large amounts of emissions into the atmosphere.
Zane is discovered but escapes back and attempts to convince the local sheriff of the situation.
However  alien agents bring Ilana s body  making Zane a suspect in her death  Zane escapes and sneaks back into the United States.
He accosts Phil  forcing him to admit.
The aliens are trying to raise the Earth s temperature to not only kill off humans but make the planet hospitable.
Zane secretly records the conversation.
He sends agents to stop Zane.
Phil discovers the recording.
Zane returns home to find his attic devoid.
He figures out the only way to broadcast.
The tape is to go and beam the signal directly to a television satellite  broadcasting it worldwide.
He travels to the telescope.
Phil and his agents soon disable.
The telescope controls.
Zane leaves the tape and instructs him to transmit it.
Then he and Char sneak over and barricade themselves in the control room.
Zane makes the necessary adjustments and tells Kiki.
Kiki reveals himself to be an alien agent  and opens the door to allow Phil inside and confiscate the tape himself.
Phil and his agents ram down the door with a van.
Zane freezes them.
One drops a sphere.
He works to free the tape stuck.
Starts to form another singularity.
Zane and Char escape  exiting safely onto on the collapsed dish.
The device implodes most.
They see Kiki.
Zane tells him to tell the aliens  they watch.
He will soon broadcast this tape.
Kiki runs off.
Zane s conversation with Phil is broadcasted across the globe.
<EOS>
German director Frederich Wilhelm Murnau takes his Berlin-based cast and crew on-location in Czechoslovakia.
Order to shoot Nosferatu  an unauthorized version.
Much keeps his team very much in the dark about their schedule.
Even more so he has found to play the part of the vampire Count Orlok.
It is left to explain to them.
The mysterious lead is apparently an obscure German theater performer named Max Schreck  who   is a highly professional character actor.
Schreck will only appear  and will never break character.
Order to involve himself fully.
Greta Schroeder travel to the remote inn.
Who is incredibly displeased.
Where they will be staying and shooting further scenes.
However  the landlady becomes distressed at Murnau removing many of the crucifixes around the inn  and the cameraman  Wolfgang Muller begins to fall in to a strange  hypnotic state.
Further strange things happen.
Gustav discovers a bottle in amongst the team s food supplies.
Murnau delivers a caged ferret  apparently as food for a strange creature.
One night  Murnau rushes his team up for the first scene with the vampire.
Schreck appears for the first time.
His appearance and behavior both impress and disturb them.
The film s producer  Albin Grau however  suspects  and is confused.
Schreck is not really a German theater actor.
When Murnau tells him that he found Schreck in the old castle.
Wolf is found collapsed in a dark tunnel.
The landlady appears frightened by his pale  weak appearance  and mutters Nosferatu while clutching at a rosary.
The next night  Murnau and his team continue filming up.
The tension begins to show.
Murnau deliberately startles Gustav  making him cut his finger with a bread knife.
Schreck reacts wildly  and  urged on by Murnau  tries to drink from Gustav s wound.
The rest look on in horror   plunging everything in to darkness.
When suddenly  the generator powering the lights fails.
Murnau is furious to find Schreck pinning Wolf  apparently draining his blood.
When the lights come back.
Albin orders filming to end.
The crew rushes  carrying Wolf and leaving Schreck behind.
Left alone  Schreck curiously examines some  and appears fascinated.
Entranced. 
It is revealed.
Schreck is in fact a true vampire who Murnau has made a deal  in order to create the most realistic vampire film possible.
Schreck has been promised Greta for completeing his role in the film.
He remains difficult and uncooperative.
The entire production is.
Murnau is forced to bring in another cinematographer from Berlin  Fritz Arno Wagner.
Order to continue filming.
Henrik Galeen share a drink together by a campfire.
When Schreck approaches them.
They invite him to join them  and begin to question Schreck.
Schreck points still being able to remember.
To do everyday ` human  activities.
Though he has nt eaten food.
He tells Albin and Henrik.
He himself is so old  he can not remember how he became a vampire and can not create more.
A bat flies.
Schreck catches it  sucking its blood  ecstatically from its body.
The others are left stunned and impressed.
What they still assume is talented acting.
The troubled production is eventually left stranded.
Murnau   admits to Albin and Fritz Schreck s true nature.
The two realise.
To complete the film and give Greta.
They wish to leave the island alive.
However  she notices.
When an unsuspecting Greta arrives.
Schreck casts no reflection.
Murnau  Albin  and Fritz are forced her.
Schreck feeds.
The others film the scene.
With Greta nearly dead  the remaining three attempt to let sunlight in to the building to destroy Schreck  but find.
He has anticipated their trickery.
Schreck kills both Fritz and Albin.
Murnau continues to operate the camera.
However  the rest arrive in time to open up the doors and flood the set with sunlight  finally destroying Schreck while Murnau films his death.
Murnau completes the filming and calmly states.
I think we have it  while his rescuers look on.
<EOS>
Luc Devereaux and Veronica Roberts continue their attempts to expose the Universal Soldier unit.
The two escape the city and go.
A hostage situation mistakenly leaves Veronica a fugitive.
Meanwhile  CIA Deputy Director Mentor and Dr Walker are.
<EOS>
The film opens.
The main story line begins.
A seemingly helpless young woman is pursued by Jason Voorhees  Leatherface  and Freddy Krueger  she is then chased into a cave.
Where she reappearing with an item from each of the three.
She then faces the camera and laughs and says  Amateurs.
Dexter Ward enters a Death City location  and is greeted.
Of which is noted science fiction anthologist Forrest J.
Ackerman.
Who is holding a copy.
But Dexter and Marissa stops him.
Dexter is freed and destroys the book.
The possessed Marissa blasts Byron.
He declares.
He burns.
He ll be back.
Marinas   tells Marissa  Helsing   also stays.
Who was suffering and was not dead.
She must stay.
Who is now a vampire.
Dexter arranges to make her latest music video in the castle  with the help of her vampire cousins and Helsing.
The film ends.
Who have been trying to find the castle so they can destroy it  finally give up and go home.
<EOS>
Larry Haines is the track champion.
His success has gone.
He s popular  and has a pretty girlfriend Gwen.
His two friends deflated  so they rig the Joe Senior contest.
Spec Early and Bobby Barnes decide that he need to get his head.
Larry comes second.
They make Don Cooper  the discus and shotput thrower  Joe Senior.
Don begins to go around.
But it soon becomes clear - he s forgotten too.
Mary s not the only thing Don s forgotten.
It s up to the girls to sort out the mess and spur them on to victory.
They ve made.
<EOS>
The story involved Skippy s efforts to help his new friend Sooky.
Sooky is played.
Sooky lives in a shantytown.
<EOS>
The film follows a young Japanese bombardier Lt.
Koji Kitami battles in the Pacific during World War II  the attack on Pearl Harbor and the Battle of Midway.
His faith remains strong through the successful campaigns of the early war  but is severely shaken by the disastrous events during the battle of Midway.
<EOS>
The classic Arabian Nights tale The Thief is retold and relocated to ancient China.
D.
B.
Was abandoned and rescued from the docks of Shanghai to grow into an impetuous thief he considers his family.
Who steals to provide food.
Now the young man and his wise partner Bird  have their eyes.
They devise a plan to get by wooing the Governor s daughter  Princess Li Wei.
Whom he is immediately attracted to.
However  they are met from other potential suitors  especially the Prince of the North.
Who is the Governor s personal choice.
The Princess  however  finds D.
B.
Most intriguing and manages to convince her father to challenge all her suitors to prove their worth.
The Princess sends.
Various suitors proceed.
B.
Safe. 
However  the Princess does nt know.
Ting Ting already knows D.
B.
And has her own secret feelings.
<EOS>
Slim Lindbergh tries to rest.
He has been waiting to stop.
He can attempt the first successful nonstop solo transatlantic flight to Paris.
His friend Frank Mahoney guards his hotel room door.
Lindbergh tries to fall asleep.
Who have also been waiting.
Unable to sleep  Lindbergh reminisces as an airmail pilot flying from St.
Louis.
Flying in winter  Lindbergh lands his old de Havilland biplane in a small airfield to refuel.
Lindbergh takes off  unaware.
The Chicago landing field has closed due.
Lindbergh s aircraft ices up and stalls  forcing him to parachute out.
He continues his journey and meets a suspender salesman.
Who tells Lindbergh that two airmen just died competing to be awarded to the first pilots to fly from New York City to Paris  nonstop.
Louis  Lindbergh calls Columbia Aircraft Corporation  pretending to represent a group of prominent businessmen.
Lindbergh is quoted the price.
Lindbergh presents his idea of entering the competition to St.
Louis financiers and prominent St.
Louis citizens  explaining he can cross the ocean.
He strips it  allowing room for extra fuel tanks.
The men are excited.
Louis.
Lindbergh travels to San Diego  California to check out a small aircraft factory  Ryan Aeronautical Company.
There he meets Mahoney  the president.
Who promises to build him an aircraft.
Frank  Lindbergh  and Ryan s chief engineer.
Donald Hall agree.
To decrease weight  Lindbergh refuses to install radios or heavy equipment and plans to navigate.
Workers at the factory agree to work 24-hour shifts.
Lindbergh learns.
Two pilots  who were vying  were killed during their flight test.
Lindbergh flies his new aircraft.
When the Ryan aircraft is complete.
Louis  and then.
Unable to sleep  Lindbergh leaves his hotel room and goes.
Where his aircraft is being filled.
To decrease weight  he even eliminates the parachute.
The magnetic compass was placed in an awkward position.
A young woman offers her mirror.
Is then glued.
Mahoney slips a Saint Christopher medal.
When Lindbergh is not watching.
Louis trundle down the muddy runway and barely clear the treetops.
Every hour  Lindbergh switches fuel tanks to keep the weight load balanced.
He realizes.
He flies.
He has not slept.
He remembers back.
When he slept.
When Lindbergh begins to doze.
Louis  he is awakened.
He remembers his own.
When he flies and sees a motorcyclist below.
He traded.
He remembers barnstorming and performing dangerous stunts in a flying circus.
Lindbergh flies.
He worries.
Darkness descends.
An engine cylinder might crack.
The sight   is evidence.
He soon realizes is an iceberg.
He is.
The aircraft s wings ice up.
The engine stalls.
The Spirit.
Louis begins to drop  but the ice breaks off.
He is able to restart the engine.
Back  Lindbergh discovers.
His compasses are malfunctionings  forcing him to navigate.
He is so tired.
He falls asleep  causing the aircraft.
Sunlight reflecting off the mirror awakens him to regain control.
He tries to hail a fisherman below.
Lindbergh sees a seagull and realizes he is close to land.
He soon sights land and determines.
He has reached Dingle Bay  Ireland.
Lindbergh discovers the hidden Saint Christopher medal.
He reaches.
Hanging the medal  he flies on  crossing the English Channel and then up the coast of France  following the Seine to Paris.
Once again the engine cuts out.
He is able to recover.
Evening descends and Lindbergh finally sees the lights.
He is confused.
He approaches Le Bourget Airfield.
He does nt understand.
The strange movements are actually crowds of people.
Exhausted and panicked  Lindbergh makes his descent whispering a prayer  Oh  God help me.
Tired and confused  Lindbergh eventually realizes.
The crowds are cheering.
He is given a huge parade.
When Lindbergh returns.
<EOS>
Bill Lawson  a wharf labourer  loses his job and decides to go out bush to find work to support his wife Elsa and daughter Betty.
He befriends a well-born Englishman  Kenneth Hillyard.
The two decide to go prospecting together.
They have a variety before stumbling upon a gold deposit.
Then.
Walking along the cliffs one day Bill slips and falls.
Kenneth looks but ca nt find the body.
Bill is believed to be dead.
Kenneth returns.
He proposes.
When Kenneth inherits money.
Years survived the fall but lost his memory.
Later a bush character appears  ` Mad Joe   who is Bill - it turns.
He later regains his memory and tracks down his wife.
But  he returns.
He sees how happy she is.
<EOS>
You need.
A building permit.
The one will stop to survive in Algeria today.
Was given the name.
Recruits can make a career.
They are pretty and not too scrupulous.
The latest  Paloma  made a great effect  - of Ms.
Aldjeria.
The.
Was to allow the clan Aldjeria to change its life.
<EOS>
A Moroccan couple break up.
Who live.
He goes back.
He can only find menial  low paid jobs.
She decides to stay.
Their daughter  11  shares her teacher s love.
She decides to follow her father.
Her mother tries to get her back  but to do so  the teacher s intervention is essential.
He searches  Harmony  understanding and even love.
What he s missing.
<EOS>
Christopher  aka Kid is taking the plunge and marrying his girlfriend Veda  female rap act called Sex.
His best friend Peter  aka Play is dipping his fingers and attempting to manage a roughneck.
Play books the ladies  but  he has to figure out.
When they decide to fire Play and hire a new manager.
To deliver them or face the wrath of Showboat s female security force.
Things eventually begin.
Play is also planning the bachelor party while trying to keep Kid s three younger cousins.
Kid s ex-girlfriend Sydney has come back.
Is news that does nt please Veda at all.
Kid learns a valuable lesson about love.
<EOS>
The youngest of three siblings attempts to win a family athletic competition called the Gilbert Cup and best his siblings for the first time.
<EOS>
The discovery sets the stage for a terrifying confrontation between modern day man and Thai folklore.
A tunnel excavation has revealed a rock so dense.
It can not be penetrated by even the strongest drill.
They enlist the aid.
When the workers discover a collection that bear no similarities to the familiar dinosaur types.
Tim find.
Awakened at having been trapped beneath the Bangkok concrete for hundreds of years  the ancient Garuda sets out on a bloody rampage as Leena  Tim  and the military struggle to find a means of bringing Garuda s destructive reign to terror to an end.
<EOS>
An axe-wielding maniac stalks the beautiful  scantily-clad women  all under the watchful eye of the mysterious Dr Keller.
<EOS>
The concept has tremendous significance even in today s jet age.
Evil has been present in the evolution of mankind.
The Dashavatar brings out this evolution through the triumph of good over evil.
The most famous are Rama   and Krishna.
Whose life is depicted.
Whose life is depicted.
The four great era or epochs are  Satya Yug  Treta Yug  Dwapar Yug and Kali Yug.
Satya Yug or the Age is said to last for four thousand divine years  Treta Yug for three thousand  Dwapara Yug for two thousand.
Kali Yug will last.
It is also believed.
Three have already passed.
We are now living.
The four ages are said to symbolize the four phases.
Which man gradually lost the awareness.
Another theory explains these epochs on the basis of the degree of loss of righteousness in the world.
It says  only truth prevailed  Treta lost 1/4 truth  Dwapar lost 1/2 truth.
Kali is left.
Evil and dishonesty has replaced truth or yugs.
This verse embodies the soul of Dashavatar.
Lord Vishnu  the Preserver manifests Himself in many forms through the eras to wipe out evil and establish the rule of righteousness.
The ninth avatar is gautam buddha.
The tenth avatar  Kalki is yet.
It is obvious.
It represents the sequence.
Matsya  The Fish  appeared.
Kurma  The Tortoise  appeared.
Varaha  The Boar  appeared.
Narasingha  The Man-Lion  appeared.
Vamana  The Dwarf  appeared.
Parashurama  the man  appeared in Treta Yug.
Rama  Prince and king and the Moral Man  appeared in the Treta Yuga.
Krishna  The Cowherd and Philosophical Man  appeared.
Kalki  the Sage prince   the time period  CE.
Who is expected to appear.
Which we currently exist.
Will end.
<EOS>
A petty thief steals a precious chain and is.
A police officer is.
Who meets a girl Veena.
Veena is.
Both are forced to travel together.
Gopi hides the chain but discovers.
It is missing.
He follows her.
Become friends.
Gopi plans to make a fortune out.
His plans goes awry.
The story unfolds.
It was a hit.
<EOS>
Diary occurs entirely within the Quake map.
The Rangers gather and decide to send two members  Sphinx and Pyoveli  to scout a room above.
The camper waiting there kills them both.
After they teleport.
Confirmed. 
The remaining three Rangers -- ColdSun  ArchV  and an unidentified member -- realize their comrades  fate and return fire  killing the camper.
Examining the remains  they identify their foe.
<EOS>
A colossal series releases something monstrous from a glacier.
Strange disappearances attract the attention of a thick-headed sheriff  his transparently uninterested scientist girlfriend and a visiting government agent.
They discover  They turn.
A giant green monster is.
Who has been locked.
Humanity fights back against the Thing from Another Time Zone.
<EOS>
Sarah Morton  a middle-aged English mystery author   is having writer s block.
Who has written a successful series.
Is impeding her next book.
Sarah s publisher  John Bosload  offers her his country house  France for some rest and relaxation.
Sarah s quietude is disrupted by a young woman claiming to be the publisher s daughter  Julie.
She shows up one night claiming to be taking time.
She also claims.
Her mother used to be Bosload s mistress  but that he would not leave his family.
Julie s sex life consists with various oafish men.
A competition develops between the two women.
Regards Julie as a distraction from her writing.
She uses earplugs to allow her to sleep.
She nonetheless has a voyeuristic fascination.
Later she abandons the earplugs  beginning to envy Julie s lifestyle.
The competition comes.
When a local waiter  Franck  is involved.
Julie wants him.
He appears to prefer the more mature Sarah  having struck up a relationship during her frequent lunches at the bistro.
An unexpected tragedy occurs.
Franck refuses to allow Julie to continue performing oral sex on him.
Sarah  who watches them  throws a rock into the water.
Franck feels frightened and tells Julie.
He is leaving.
The next day  Franck is missing.
Sarah learns.
Investigating Franck s disappearance.
Julie s mother has been dead  though Julie had claimed that she was still alive.
She returns.
Where a confused Julie thinks that Sarah is her mother and has a breakdown.
She eventually recovers and confesses.
Franck is dead because Julie repeatedly hit him as he tried to leave her at the pool.
His body is.
Sarah seduces the elderly gardener to distract him.
When Marcel becomes suspicious where the body is buried.
Julie leaves  thanking Sarah and leaving her the manuscript of an unpublished novel written by her late mother.
She had previously claimed that John made her burn.
Sarah returns and visits her publisher s office with her new novel.
His daughter also shows up.
As Sarah is leaving  but is revealed to be a completely different girl than the one Sarah spent the weekend.
<EOS>
An earthquake causes a dangerous leak at WALDO  a nuclear waste storage facility.
Heinrich Schmidt an engineer badly contaminated  knows and wants to warn the public.
The leak will poison the groundwater around.
His boss  however  is only interested and believes.
The accident should be covered up  when the contamination risks thousand of lives.
Heinrich escapes but is badly injured.
Lost and suffering from amnesia  he is rescued by Larry Stilson  a car mechanic on vacation  and his wife Carmel.
His boss  thugs are quickly closing in.
Heinrich tries to piece together his memories.
<EOS>
Wellman Anthony Santee is a former racecar driver.
Who has turned since the death of his mother.
Santee and his friend Eddie Turner bend the law by hauling exotic stolen cars.
Santee s latest assignment is to transport suspicious goods.
A Highway Patrol cop pulls him over.
Turner tries to reason.
But then a pair named.
Frank Severence and Jack Rudy Rudisill show up.
There is a gun battle.
Which Turner is killed.
Santee is wounded.
Severence murders the highway patrolman  and pins it.
Santee escapes during transfer to the fictional San Gorgonio Penitentiary and takes a hostage named Rita Marrick  not suspecting.
She s a cop.
Rita keeps her identity a secret.
Rita s partner Michael Agnos leads the search.
Severence and Rudisill horn in.
Santee eludes capture.
Rita s sole escape attempt fails and nearly forces Santee to shoot law enforcers.
She begins harboring doubts.
Santee releases Rita and invades Severence s home  forcing his wife Esther to provide the phone number  from.
Whom he demands payments due.
Santee is rejoined.
Who finds evidence.
They escape  barely evading gun blasts.
Santee handcuffs Rita out of harm s way and decimates the car thieves  lethal mechanics.
Severence and Rudisill arrive and are forced to kill the interfering Michael.
Rita  devastated  joins Santee in a desperate race for life.
A crime scene officer discovers a surveillance tape.
Severence and Rudisill close in.
Recorded Severence killing Michael.
Santee fatally snaps Rudisill s neck.
The police arrive.
As he s about to execute Severence.
Severence is taken away.
Santee is vindicated.
<EOS>
Grace  her younger sister Lee  and husband Adam are going out into the Mangrove swamps for fishing.
Lee convinces the three to go to a crocodile exhibit.
They learn and are extremely dangerous.
Male crocodiles can grow.
Later that day the trio go.
Where Lee suspects that Grace is pregnant when she refuses having a drink.
The next day  Grace confirms Lee s suspicion.
Adam remains unaware.
Their tour guide Jim arms himself.
They arrive.
The group sets off.
The boat is hit.
Jim removes an old paint can  stating it to be the cause.
He then suggests  deeper.
They steer off course.
Where he believes fish  larger than usual  may be.
Grace begins to panic  however the others are unaware.
They veer out.
They arrive  far from the course they should have taken.
Adam immediately snags a fish.
Jim shouts words.
Lee  camera  spots something in the distance.
She alerts.
Grace   sees nothing.
Suddenly  the group is thrown.
When it is hit.
The boat capsizes  dumping Grace  Adam  Lee and Jim into the water.
Adam realizes.
A crocodile has attacked them and helps Grace.
He then searches the water.
Who is tangled up under the boat.
Grace sees an enormous crocodile nearby and convinces Adam to climb.
Lee frees herself and swims out.
The crocodile swims.
She struggles to climb.
She manages to get  trying to throw her off.
Adam and Grace distract.
The crocodile  which  defeated  swims away.
Grace and Adam plan a way to get Lee.
They realize.
They can use the rope to pull the boat across.
Lee throws the rope.
Who   attempts to pull the boat to the tree.
Adam believes the rope to be caught.
When their efforts have no effect.
Adam tells Lee.
She will have to swim across.
Hesitant  she eventually slides off the boat into the water.
She begins to walk across.
When something splashes.
Panicking  she runs.
Who pull her.
Grace and Lee suggest.
They sit and wait.
Grace then suggests they climb to the mainland.
She tells them she ll check it out first and come back.
They would have to swim.
She panics and frantically runs back.
She does nt disclose the fact that she had seen Jim s ear.
Adam impatiently insists.
He goes.
Lee and Grace agree.
Adam climbs and swims to the boat.
He dives.
The boat begins shaking back and forth.
Until it overturns.
Adam reappears.
Suddenly  the crocodile pulls Adam and thrashes him about.
Lee and Grace mourn.
When the crocodile surfaces with it clenched.
Grace tells Lee.
They must finish Adam s plan to use the boat.
Lee keeps watch.
Grace attempts to get.
Grace grabs the boat rope.
Lee spots the crocodile and alerts Grace.
Who panics and drops the rope climbing back up the tree.
Grace attempts to reach the boat rope however the crocodile jumps out and narrowly misses Grace.
When she climbs.
Terrified  the duo sit and wait.
They see Adam s body floating nearby.
Later that night  the crocodile returns and begins eating Adam s body.
The next day the two see.
The boat is drifting away.
Grace refuses to go.
Lee suggests they use the trees.
They make it.
When the crocodile surfaces.
Grace and Lee flee back.
The crocodile grabs Grace s leg and pulls her underwater.
The crocodile thrashes about  trying to drown her.
Grace escapes and reaches the tree.
Her leg has been heavily wounded.
Lee attempts to reach the boat.
Grace s condition worsens.
She reaches the boat and climbs inside.
She attempts to turn.
When the crocodile jumps and attacks her.
It catches her torso and pulls her underwater.
She falls unconscious.
Some time later  Lee awakens beside Jim s body.
She bandages her broken finger from her shirt and sees.
Her torso is bleeding profusely.
She takes Jim s gun and washes it off.
She manages to fire it.
She takes the remains of Jim s arms and uses it to try to lure the crocodile to her.
She stands up and looks around  unaware.
When this fails.
The crocodile has surfaced.
She turns around.
It attacks her.
She tries to shoot the crocodile.
A chase ensues.
She tries to run.
The crocodile in close pursuit  Lee turns around to see.
It has vanished.
She looks around everywhere  gun  waiting to shoot it.
The crocodile surfaces.
The gun misfires again.
The crocodile grabs her and pulls her underwater.
Lee realizes.
The hand holding the gun is.
She pulls the trigger.
It thrashes her around.
The gun shoots the crocodile.
The crocodile dies.
Lee makes her way back.
Lee realizes.
She has died.
She mourns the loss.
Lee places Grace s body and begins paddling out of the swamp.
A noise alerts her however she sees nothing and continues paddling.
<EOS>
The title is derived Now  the Joseph Conrad novella Heart of Darkness.
Using.
Narrated  it chronicles.
Production problems delayed the film  increasing costs and nearly destroying the life and career of Francis Ford Coppola.
Eleanor Coppola turned her material over to two young filmmakers George Hickenlooper and Fax Bahr and intercut them with her existing material.
Who then shot new interviews.
Hickenlooper  Bahr  and Coppola debuted their film at the 1991 Cannes Film Festivalto universal critical acclaim.
<EOS>
The movie starts.
They pay the local farmer to take them.
The kids arrive and begin drinking  telling the farmer to come back to pick them up.
Separates to find their own little love nests.
The party wears.
Meanwhile  the farmer has stumbled.
He proceeds to remove.
Is a large wooden box with an ancient seal telling not to break open the box.
The farmer breaks the seal and opens the box.
Inside is the Bill Heinzman Flesheater.
Who precedes to eat the farmer making him a zombie.
Both zombies head.
Where the kids are.
Two.
Who retreated for some alone time.
Two walk in and see.
The flesh-eater is killing the kids.
What s happening then they run outside to warn the group.
The kids of the barn for fresh victims back near the party and one of the girls is attacked in the woods by the zombies.
Who were attacked become zombies and head out.
It tears a chunk away.
The girl is saved.
Who hears her screams and tackles the.
The remaining kids retreat Farm a dis-used farmhouse in the woods.
They proceed to nail up the windows and doors.
They manage to phone the police.
The call is cut short.
When a zombie outside rips the phone line out.
Meanwhile  the two kids have caught up.
Who escaped.
The two kids hide and lock the door.
Upstairs the girl bitten dies and returns as a zombie.
Are slaughtered  each becoming a zombie and heading.
As she gets up the zombies in and the remaining group.
A police car then turns up.
The police officer is attacked and left for dead.
The kids open the door and see the body of the policeman.
They take his gun and kill his half remaining zombie corpse and escape.
Some find their way to a residential street.
Where they proceed to eat a local family turning them into zombies in the process.
The two kids find a local stable.
Where they try to warn the owner.
He goes.
His wife has become a zombie.
More zombies appear.
The man is cornered and eaten alive.
The kids flee again.
They find a large barn.
Where a Halloween party is being held.
The kids try to warn the group.
They laugh it.
Soon the zombies arrive and slaughter the.
The two kids find a hiding spot.
Who survived the basement.
Back  the police department are assembling a posse after hearing of the officer.
Who was killed.
The posse have arrived at the woods.
They find zombies emerging and proceed to kill the creatures.
They proceed.
They go.
The posse arrive and find.
The party-goers are all zombies.
The posse kill them.
The two kids hiding hear the gunshots and think.
They are saved.
They exit the barn and are shot by a sniper.
The posse throws all the bodies and barricade.
It shut.
They set it burning the remaining few zombies inside.
The posse thinking they destroyed all the zombies head home.
A few days later a police officer is checking out the remains.
When he is attacked.
<EOS>
Broadway star Don Hewes is buying Easter presents for his sweetheart  starting with a hat and some flowers.
He goes and buys a cuddly Easter rabbit  after persuading a young boy to part with it and buy a set of drums instead.
Hewes takes the gifts.
Who explains that she has an offer.
Don tries to change her mind.
It looks.
If he has succeeded  until Don s best friend  Johnny  turns up.
Nadine reveals.
She and Don are no longer a team.
It becomes obvious.
Nadine is attracted.
Angry  Don leaves to drown his sorrows.
Johnny follows him and tries to persuade him to talk  Don brags.
He does not need Nadine and that he can make a star.
He picks out one of the girls dancing on the stage  Hannah Brown  and tells her to meet him for rehearsal the next day.
Hannah then performs a duet  singing a musical number  I Want to Go Back to Michigan.
The next morning  Don tries to turn Hannah  teaching her to dance the same way  buying her dresses in a similar style and giving her an exotic stage name  Juanita.
However  Hannah makes several mistakes.
The show is a fiasco.
Hannah meets Johnny  and sings A Fella walking her to her rehearsal with Don.
Who is instantly attracted.
Don  realizing his mistake  decides to start over from scratch by creating routines more suited to Hannah s personality.
Hannah sings.
I Love A Piano.
She works out a dance routine.
Proves much more successful.
The duo  now known  are shown to be performing Snookie-Ookums  The Ragtime Violin  and.
When That Midnight Choo-Choo Leaves in a montage of their performances.
They meet Nadine.
Where they perform Midnight.
Who is starring.
Hannah realizes.
Nadine was Don s former dancing partner and demands to know if they were.
Don hesitates and Hannah runs out.
Where she encounters Johnny.
Later  Don meets Hannah back and reveals.
He turned down the Ziegfeld offer  believing that Hannah and Nadine do not belong.
Johnny soon arrives and takes Hannah out.
Which   Johnny reveals that he has fallen in love with Hannah.
She admits  she also admits.
Hannah does.
She is actually.
When they rehearse so she can be longer.
She and Johnny continue to have a close friendship.
Meanwhile  Nadine s show opens.
Don goes to see it.
He is the only member.
Who seems unimpressed.
Later on  Don goes to see Hannah and tell her and invites her to celebrate.
They will be starring.
Hannah goes at Don s  only to have him suggest a dance rehearsal.
She is immediately upset and turns to walk out  telling him.
He s nothing and that he does nt see her as a woman  but as a dancing aid.
Hannah is particularly annoyed she has made.
Don does nt notice her new clothes and all the effort.
She tries to leave.
Don stops her and kisses her.
Hannah then plays the piano and sings.
They embrace.
The couple take part  with a solo by Don and then comes the most famous musical number in the film.
Which Don and Hannah play a pair with vivid imaginations.
Don and Hannah go out to celebrate and end up watching Nadine perform.
Nadine is mad.
When the audience gives Don and Hannah a round as they come in.
Nadine is the star dancer On The Magazine Cover.
The song features an ingenious stage act.
Which women appear.
Nadine herself appears.
Afterwards  she insists - It Only Happens.
Don perform one with her for old times  sake  as she tries to win Don back.
When I Dance.
Hannah becomes upset and runs out.
When Don reluctantly agrees.
She ends up.
Where she and Don first met.
There she pours out her troubles.
Later   she finds Don waiting.
When Hannah returns.
Don tries to explain.
He was forced to dance.
Hannah thinks.
Don used her to make Nadine jealous and win her back.
Don tells Hannah.
He ll wait all night for her to forgive him.
Don is kicked out by the house detective.
Before Hannah opens the door.
The next morning Hannah is telling Johnny and Don s misunderstanding.
Johnny says.
He loved someone he would let her know it  implying that Hannah should forget the argument and be.
Hannah realizes.
Johnny is right and goes to meet Don for the Easter Parade.
Meanwhile  Don has been receiving various gifts.
Morning   unaware that they re from Hannah.
She arrives unexpectedly.
If the argument never happened.
Don is a little confused  but decides to go out with Hannah anyway.
Photographers  echoing a scene from the beginning of the film  take their pictures.
They walk.
Don proposes to Hannah.
<EOS>
An ineffectual science teacher William Lamb is hired.
Posing  Lamb settles down into his new surroundings and becomes acquainted with the various local Scottish traditions and legends.
Abound and strikes up a friendship of the other masters  Hilary Teasdale.
However  an ancient curse returns to Dunbain Castle.
The sound signals the death of a member of staff.
Two die and Lamb is initially regarded.
Lamb must solve the mystery of the mysterious murders with the assistance of mischievous know-all schoolboy Percy Thorne.
A Nazi spy ring proves to be  and is defeated by a British agent hidden amongst the staff.
Lamb is trapped inside a secret room with the ceiling slowly descending upon him.
Hay can be heard calling the Character Teasdale Claude the actor s real name.
This may have been intentional.
Hay had just told the cinema audience that it was all clear and that they could all go home.
Note.
Charles Hawtrey was 26 years old when he portrayed Percy Thorne.
<EOS>
This short tells the story.
<EOS>
Recently-widowed Margery Heywood and her cleaning woman Gladys Gladwell disturb a would-be burglar breaking.
Margery attacks the burglar  and knocks him unconscious.
Believing  she panics and flees the house  leaving behind her handbag.
She has killed him.
The two women decide to try to reach Margery s son Graham in Milton Keynes  hoping.
He ll give them shelter and money.
The trip turns.
They are forced to break.
Margery is devastated to learn and.
Her son knew.
His father also secretly bought a boat and planned to sail away.
The two women drive to Fleetwood  only to meet the childhood friend.
The boat  it seems  was purchased.
The two women take the boat and sail off to the Caribbean.
<EOS>
A single eventful night of a crew of Los Angeles-based  trans-Pacific stewardesses.
The leading character is killed.
The others simply party  using drugs and engaging.
One befriends and beds a returning Vietnam combat soldier.
<EOS>
The film opens.
She prepares to give birth.
James intercepts a message intended about a murder on board the freighter Susan B.
Charlie Chan waits.
Jennings.
The freighter is to Honolulu under the leadership of Captain Johnson.
James wants to prove his investigative skills and so boards the Jennings pretending to be Charlie Chan  with his younger brother Tommy in tow.
The ruse does nt last long and soon the real Chan arrives  interrogating a motley assortment of crooks  heiresses and crew.
He works to solve a crime whose only witness is secretary Judy Haynes.
<EOS>
The plot is set.
Who are both violent and successful  strangely getting away each time  and often leaving behind cash in excess of this sum.
The robbers are willing to kill their own team  to get away.
Himself puts it after the first raid in the film  I ve never seen so many dead people.
Armed  they evaded Regan and the Flying Squad for quite some time.
Regan finds encouragement who was sent down for corruption because Jack would nt testify in court for him.
<EOS>
Putin s Kiss presents   Masha Drokova s experiences in Russian youth organisation Nashi.
Declares itself to be a democratic  anti-fascist  anti- ` oligarchic-capitalist  movement.
She is heavily involved in the organisation  working her way up into a position of influence and authority  eventually becoming the host of a youth oriented  state funded television program.
She idolises Russian President Vladimir Putin.
The film s title refers.
Which  while receiving a medal  Drokova spontaneously hugged and kissed him.
Drokova becomes friends.
The film goes on.
Of whom are critical.
Her views are called.
She becomes increasingly torn.
The situation reaches a head   it is speculated.
When her friend and fellow journalist Oleg Kashin is violently beaten.
His attackers are never identified.
They were working.
She is no longer a member of Nashi.
Drokova remains an ardent supporter.
She is shown discussing her views freely.
<EOS>
The film is set.
When the descendants have control of the planet.
Known - a derivative of the word generic -- the genetically superior race rule from their underground utopia  Hollow Earth.
Humans labeled them.
Baron Crecilius Pryme  a charismatic political  sets out to convince his fellow ghen.
What remains must be eradicated because he believes they are forming a crusade to attack the ghen.
Crecilius shrewdly moves his brother  Aiden Pryme.
Who hunt and abuse humans.
Meanwhile  a human woman known  is communicating with the Kalendoah  a group of non-physical beings of infinite intelligence.
Who promise there is hope and a coming savior.
Below ground  Crecilius has heard.
Rumblings hope to mankind  and who has the ability to cure the sick and revive the dead  and sends his Ministers to find her.
But Crecilius finds.
He has even more to worry.
<EOS>
Nura is a street beggar.
His one leg became useless and paralyzed.
The Razakars  anti-liberation forces attacked him and struck him causing injury and making him a crippled man.
But he extraordinary.
He begs.
He does so only to make his dream.
A reality-to educate his daughter Swapna.
She is a university student.
Nura took part against the Pakistani army.
He is a beggar.
His attitude is different.
He dose not regret over his poverty  rather he enjoys begging.
He sings.
He feels.
Is Bangladesh would not have been liberated he had to speak and sing.
The Talukder family is rich and well educated.
The senior Talukder was a pioneering personality.
These are all now historical documents.
But nobody is happy.
The senior Talukder tries to implant the progressive ideas.
The present generation are not aware.
Again the anti-liberation forces try to exploit the liberation war in their won interests.
Niloy-an scion is in contrast with the poor Swapna  the university student daughter of Nura the beggar.
Niloy fell with Swapna listening to her songs while preparing for the Bangla new year celebration.
He also proposes.
Swapna tries to convince him.
This is rather impossible as they are poles apart.
She tells him her parents.
Are almost starving only to meet the ends to educate her.
But let vows to marry.
He would marry her.
But Niloy is defeated.
Emotion is overcome.
He can never accept the fact.
His would-be father-in-law is a street beggar.
And then he escapes.
The film ends.
Where an eminent singer arranges a concert.
The beggars circle around and move singing.
The life cycle is complete.
Occasionally the life cycle is disturbed.
It never stops.
The human beings restart a new life.
Once again the life cycle begins.
<EOS>
Calvin Fuller is a nerdy young adolescent living.
The gangly  unsure youth is first seen  standing at bat for his team  the Knights  ready for yet another strike out.
Suddenly an earthquake hits   the ground opens up.
The others run.
He falls.
Eventually he lands.
The elderly King Arthur  seeing him as the savior  dubs the boy Calvin of Reseda and invites him to dine with the court.
Whose appearance Merlin has predicted.
Calvin begins his knight training to help Arthur retain his crown.
Calvin had just grabbed his knapsack  a fact   and a Swiss Army knife.
When the earthquake hit.
Enables him to wow the Arthurians.
The young wizard also shows them.
To make inline rollerskates.
His work wins him adulation and renown  but it also rouses the jealousy.
Who will use any means to take over the throne.
Meanwhile  Calvin finds himself falling with young Princess Katey.
He is returned just before the moment.
He helps Arthur keep the crown.
When he struck out.
He steps up  this time  he is ready and hits a home run.
He is greeted - including a girl - and is looked on by spectator - the same knife Calvin gave to King Arthur.
Who looks.
Who looks.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
Their lives become intertwined.
Porn star Elektra Luxx discovers.
She is pregnant.
Leaving her doctor s office  she gets stuck with Doris  sister to Addy.
Addy has recently started taking her daughter  Charlotte  to see her therapist  Maxine.
Maxine rushes out and gets into her car.
She hits Holly Rocket  adult film star.
Backing out.
Holly and Bambi were running to safety.
A session is interrupted.
Meanwhile  flight attendant Cora finds herself the object to his band s upcoming show.
<EOS>
Judge Krishna and Radha are.
They are unable to marry  but continue with a very intimate relationship.
Results. 
Then Gopal enters Radha s life.
He falls with her.
Radha   is unable to express her feelings.
Who is still.
Circumstances become favorable.
He succeeds.
Subsequently  Radha gives birth.
Leaving the child  Radha then leaves him  never to return.
Krishna and Gopal meet and become close friends  little knowing.
Did Radha leave Gopal.
<EOS>
Lieutenant Ted Jackson is a former U.
S.
Navy frogman.
Who divides his time as a deep sea diver and nightclub singer.
Ted discovers.
What he believes could be a fortune aboard a sunken ship and sets out to rescue it with the help of go-go dancing yoga expert Jo Symington and friend Judd Whitman.
Gil Carey  however  is also and uses his girlfriend Dina Bishop to foil Ted s plans.
Elvis sings six songs  the title song  I ll Take Love  Sing You Children  You Got ta Stop  Yoga Is.
Yoga Does.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Ray Tango drives a late-model Cadillac convertible.
He cleverly stops the truck.
The LA County authorities find only gasoline.
Tango shoots.
The tank and cocaine pours out.
Meanwhile  Gabriel Cash arrives.
He is shot  but is protected by a bullet-proof vest and captures the shooter in a parking garage after a car chase.
Cash forces the shooter to tell him about a deal scheduled to take place that night.
However  the deal is really a plan to frame Tango and Cash for murder.
Tango and Cash separately go.
The two detectives find a dead man with audio equipment hidden under his clothing and a team of FBI agents swarms in.
Agent Wyler finds Cash s pistol and arrests both Cash and Tango.
The detectives are incriminated by an audio tape  secretly given to Wyler by Requin and verified in court by an audio expert.
Appears to reveal them shooting the FBI agent.
They plead no contest for reduced sentences in a minimum-security prison  but are transported to a maximum-security prison to be housed with many of the criminals.
They arrested.
The assistant warden and Cash s former commanding officer  rescues them.
Tango and Cash are rousted from their bunks and tortured by Requin and a gang of prisoners until Matt Sokowski.
Sokowski recommends and provides them.
They escape.
Tango refuses to go along.
He finds Sokowski murdered and is attacked.
When Cash tries to escape.
Tango rescues him.
The two escape.
Once  Tango tells Cash.
He needs to contact him  to go and ask for a woman named Katherine.
They then go separate ways.
The detectives then visit the witnesses.
Who framed them.
Wyler admits to Tango.
Requin was.
Cash discovers.
The audio expert made the incriminating tape himself.
Cash finds Katherine.
Katherine helps Cash escape the night club.
Later that night  Cash learns.
Katherine is Tango s sister.
Arrives and finds them in a compromising position.
Tango and Cash are met by Tango s commanding officer  Schroeder  and tells them they have 24 hours.
Who gives them Requin s address.
To find out who Requin works.
Tango and Cash apprehend Requin and trick him.
Armed  loaned to them by Cash s weapons expert friend Owen  they drive to Perret s headquarters  crash through the outer fence  destroy a fleet of armed trucks  hijack two heavy vehicles  crash into the main building and kill several guards.
Perret   starts a timer.
Who has kidnapped Katherine.
Will trigger the building s automatic self-destruct procedure.
Tango and Cash are confronted by Requin  but throws her aside to fight the detectives hand-to-hand with the help of another henchman.
Who is holding Katherine.
The detectives defeat the two henchmen.
They kill him and leave.
When Perret appears  holding a gun.
Before the building explodes.
Afterward  they joke half-seriously to date Katherine.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Dr Francoise Gailland has a hectic schedule.
Causes her to have little time to spend.
However  she does manage to find the time to spend.
She learns.
Her life.
She has cancer.
Francoise tries to put a brave face  and is determined to face the life-threatening disease with courage.
<EOS>
The film starts.
K.
Nair M.
G.
Soman  a Kollam based businessman taking the No.
20 Madras Mail train with his wife and daughter Devi.
Tony Kurushingal  along Hitchcock Kanjikuzhi and Kumbalam Hari boards the same train.
Tony is the son  Kanjikuzhi is a detective novelist.
Hari is an young politician.
The three are going to Madras for seeing a cricket match and to make attempts to make Kanjikuzhi s novel Vaazhikuzhiyile Kolapathakam a film.
All the three are drunken heavily.
Devi  Tony and friends make several attempts in getting a seat for Tony in the same coupe of Devi with the help of TTE officer Nadar -LRB- Innocent.
Everything fails.
Doing this Tony gets  who has a reserved seat in the same coach with R.
K.
Nair.
Mammootty boards the train from Thrissur and gets into the next of Tony s.
Nadaar leaves.
The train and the new TTE Chokalingam enters the train.
Tony and his friends visits Mammootty and soon become friends with him.
Meanwhile Tony.
Tries to flirt while she returns from toilet  which causes Tony to land in trouble with R.
K Nair.
Mammootty helps to resolve.
All goes to sleep late night.
Devi is found murdered in the toilet.
The train reaches Madras.
Suspicion lands and friends and they run away from the scene in fear.
The investigation is carried out.
Who comes to know that Mammootty has taken photos in the train.
He visits Mammooty and gets the photos and asks him to not try to save them.
Tony and friends seek Mammootty s help.
He helps them to return secretly.
Back  they are confronted by Sunil.
Who was actually the lover.
They learn about Sr.
Gloria.
Who tells that Devi gave her diary.
They come to know that R.
K Nair is not Devi s father and that.
He is the one who killed her father.
RK Nair might be the possible murderer.
He has got the diary and blackmails him to give Rs 20 lakh in return for the diary.
Tonny tells this and convinces him to proceed with the play.
Mammootty and RK Nair meets and agrees to fix the deal.
Madras Mail.
Mammootty boards.
The train on which RK Nair has already booked an entire bogie.
Mammootty says.
The diary is not present.
He would hand it over.
When Tony joins the train.
Nair leaves the train and goes to Salem station to find.
Tony but Tony enters the train in they power down RK Nair s henchmen.
Meanwhile Nair renters the train and finds.
Tony has already entered.
Mammootty and Tony attacks Nair and make.
Him confess the truth.
The next morning   DySP Murthy arrests RK Nair.
When the train arrives Madras.
Who was already been informed by Hari and Kanjikuzhi.
They find Mammootty again in the same train.
Mammootty tries to leave the train to be stopped by Tony and friends.
Who promises a happy and safe journey back home.
<EOS>
Grant and Fiona are a retired married couple living.
Fiona begins to lose her memory.
It becomes apparent.
She suffers.
Grant s reflections on his marriage are woven with his reflections on his own infidelities  and influence his eventual decisions regarding Fiona s happiness.
Fiona decides to check.
When she feels she is becoming a risk.
Where one is that a patient can not have any visitors for the first 30 days.
Order to adjust.
Wary agrees anyway  at the insistence of his wife.
Whom he loves.
Fiona acknowledges Grant s past infidelity.
He was a university professor.
The couple makes love one last time before separating.
Grant goes to visit his wife again  only to find.
When the 30 day period ends.
She has forgotten him  and turned her affections.
Grant becomes an unhappy voyeur.
Seeing his wife grow closer.
When visiting his wife.
Fiona still does not remember him  Grant even wonders.
Whether Fiona s dementia is an act  to punish him.
Aubrey s wife removes him from the home due to financial difficulties.
This causes Fiona to sink  with her physical wellbeing also appearing to deteriorate.
Grant is touched  and visits Aubrey s wife Marian in an effort to allow Fiona to see Aubrey again.
He would rather see his wife happy than miserable and alone.
Marian initially refuses.
The meeting leads.
Grant continues to visit both Fiona and Marian.
He eventually moves out and succeeds in taking Aubrey back to visit his wife.
But.
Before he brings Aubrey  Fiona temporarily remembers him.
The film closes.
<EOS>
Police chief Joe Conroy is relieved.
He accuses a respected community man Al Willis.
Conroy puts so much heat on Willis.
The latter  making the excuse that he needs time to clear his head  skips town for Border City  where he s living a double life as a hoodlum with bar-singer mistress Marianna  whom he treats abusively.
Conroy tails Willis in Mexico.
Where he recruits Marianna.
A climactic cat-and-mouse game ends.
<EOS>
May 3  1962  Tracy Turnblad  a cheerful  overweight high school student living  Maryland steps out of her apartment and endures a day s worth of school before she.
Best friend Penny Pingleton can watch their favorite television show  The Corny Collins Show  a teen dance show broadcast.
The teenagers featured attend Tracy and Penny s school  among them the arrogant and wealthy Amber von Tussle and her boyfriend  Link Larkin  the lead male dancer.
Amber s mother  Velma  manages.
WYZT and makes sure Amber is featured and that The Corny Collins Show remains a racially segregated program.
Corny Collins and his Council Members are white  black kids are only allowed  held the last Tuesday of each month and hosted by R&B disc jockey Motormouth Maybelle.
Who owns the local record shop.
Tracy s reclusive mother  Edna  and Penny s strict  religious mother  Prudy  disapprove with the program  despite the fact  Tracy s father  Wilbur  a joke-shop proprietor  is more lenient.
Prudy watches the show herself.
Corny Collins announces  so auditions will be held during school hours the next day.
One is pregnant  and is going on a leave of absence.
Velma rejects her.
When Tracy attends.
Tracy is sent by Miss Wimsey for skipping school  discovering the Negro Day kids practicing their dances in the detention hall.
Tracy befriends the students  best dancer  Motormouth Maybelle s son  Seaweed.
Who teaches Tracy several dance moves.
She inadvertently bumps with him.
Tracy leaves detention.
Tracy s moves attract the attention of Corny Collins.
He appoints her.
Tracy becomes one.
This  however  threatens Amber s chances.
He grows fonder.
Mr Pinky  a slightly off-centered salesman  suggests.
Tracy be the spokesgirl.
Tracy persuades Edna helps cure her mother s agoraphobia.
To accompany her.
Tracy introduces Seaweed.
The two are smitten.
One afternoon  Amber has Tracy sent.
Link follows.
Seaweed invites the girls and Link to follow him and his sister Little Inez.
Edna finds Tracy and tries to take her home.
Maybelle convinces her to stay and tells her to take pride.
Maybelle informs everyone.
Velma has canceled Negro Day.
Tracy suggests.
Maybelle and the others stage a demonstration before the Miss Teenage Hairspray pageant.
Realizing  Link does not attend the demonstration.
He has a chance by singing at the pageant.
Edna goes to Wilbur s shop to flirt with him.
Velma gets there first and tries to seduce Wilbur -LRB- Big  Blonde and Beautiful.
Edna arrives and accuses Wilbur.
Edna   forbids Tracy from being on the show.
Wilbur and Edna reconcile.
The next morning  Tracy sneaks out.
Comes. 
The protesters are arrested.
Tracy runs.
Where Penny hides her.
Prudy catches Tracy and calls the police.
Seaweed and his friends  having been bailed out  help Tracy and Penny escape.
Link visits Tracy s house to look and realizes.
He loves her.
Seaweed and Penny acknowledge their love.
Velma places police officers around WYZT to stop Tracy.
She also changes.
The pageant tallies so Amber is guaranteed to win.
Penny arrives.
Wilbur  Seaweed and the Negro Day kids help Tracy infiltrate the studio to participate.
Link breaks away to dance with Tracy  later  he pulls Little Inez.
Who has arrived with Maybelle  to the stage to dance in the pageant.
Little Inez receives the most votes and wins the pageant  officially integrating The Corny Collins Show.
Velma declares her frustration  informing her daughter.
Edna and Wilbur have turned a camera.
Velma s outburst is broadcast  causing her to be dismissed.
The Corny Collins Show set explodes.
Tracy and Link cement their love.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Where Gumby and his friends are filming a dinosaur movie.
A ferocious Tyrannosaurus Rex named Arnie charges and is about to devour a young doe named Barbara.
When suddenly  he removes his false teeth and lets the doe go out.
Gumby cuts the scene and questions Arnie.
He feels unfit.
Arnie knows it is all just acting.
It just is nt him.
He explains.
He once was a ferocious.
Thanks of George Pal  he has reformed and is now a vegetarian without a bad bone in his body.
Gumby fails to understand the profound effect  so Arnie and Pokey show Gumby a set of George Pal shorts to show him the significance of the artist  thus starting The Puppetoon Movie.
A number are featured as part of the movie.
These include The Little Broadcast  The Philips Broadcast  The Sleeping Beauty  Tulips Shall Grow  Together in the Weather  John Henry and the Inky Poo  Philips Cavalcade  Jasper in a Jam  and Tubby the Tuba.
Gumby and the others meet other characters  such as the Pillsbury Doughboy and the Alka-Seltzer mascot Speedy.
Who George Pal animated.
Gumby then thanks George Pal  and everybody cheers.
The screen pans out and shows a creature with red eyes  says George Pal.
Looks similar.
<EOS>
The film was adapted by author Criena Rohan.
Lola and Brownie are teenagers.
They fall.
Must fight their parents and welfare.
Who try to keep them apart.
Lola falls pregnant.
The couple runs away.
They can keep their baby and live happily ever.
Lola s mother and the police find them and take Lola home.
Where her mother insists.
Brownie joins the crew.
He can sail the coast and look.
Meanwhile  Lola moves  becomes.
A waitress ands bleaches her hair.
Eventually Brownie finds her working and takes her on board the ship.
Lola is taken away to live with a caretaker in the country side.
She comes.
Lola realises.
When a former charge visits.
Her caretaker has thrown all Brownie s letters.
Lola and the caretaker fight.
Lola runs away.
Finding her mother drunk and unsympathetic  Lola is enrolled.
Lola meets up and runs away with him.
The day after a riot started.
They move and meet another young couple named Lyle and Mavis.
They have one daughter.
Mavis is heavily pregnant.
The birth does not go well.
Both Mavis and the baby die.
They are unable.
Lola and Brownie offer to adopt Mavis  surviving daughter.
They are too young and unmarried.
Lyle leaves the child to give to welfare.
The child will be placed.
Lyle is unable to bear the thought.
Lola and Brownie are reunited once more.
The child has been taken.
They prepare.
The film ends in attendance.
<EOS>
The second chapter in what is known  the story centers on Eugene Morris Jerome  a 20-year-old Jewish Brooklynite.
Who is drafted during the last year of World War II and is sent to Biloxi  Mississippi for basic training.
Walks  falls in love  and loses his virginity in less than ideal circumstances  all while having to cope with an eccentric drill instructor.
There he learns to cope from all.
<EOS>
Four episodes set in/around a Tuscan farm.
The narrator daydreams.
He s longed.
Samuel reminisces about his affairs with Mark Federico.
<EOS>
Lucknow based.
Order to improve their lifestyle.
Ghulam Hasan decides to re-locate  on the insistence of his close friend Lalulal Tiwari.
He leaves.
Lalulal helps him get a job cleaning taxis.
Ghulam subsequently learns  and is hired to drive a taxi.
To drive.
He is unable to save enough money to visit Lucknow.
Lalulal has problems  in spite of being settled in Bombay for several years.
Having a sweetheart  Yashodra  he is unable to even rent a decent apartment  and lives.
Is slated to be demolished.
Ultimately  Lalulal and Yashodara are murdered.
The family wants Yashodara to support them.
Ghulam decides to return.
Procrastination prevents him.
Closing shots show him driving his taxi.
<EOS>
Cheng Huan leaves his native China.
He dreams to spread the gentle message to the Anglo-Saxon lands.
His idealism fades.
He is faced.
However  his mission is finally realized to the broken blossom Lucy Burrows  the beautiful but unwanted and abused daughter of boxer Battling Burrows.
Lucy finds sanctuary in Cheng s home  the beautiful and exotic room above his shop.
The two form a bond as two unwanted outcasts of society.
All goes.
When Lucy s father gets wind and in a drunken rage drags her back to their home to punish her.
Fearing  Lucy locks herself inside a closet to escape her contemptuous father.
Cheng arrives to rescue Lucy   it is too late.
Whom he so innocently adores.
Lucy s lifeless body lies.
Battling has a drink.
Battling enters the room to make his escape.
Cheng gazes.
The two stand  exchanging spiteful glances.
Battling lunges with a hatchet.
Cheng retaliates.
Cheng builds a shrine to Buddha and takes his own life with a knife to the stomach.
<EOS>
A brilliant professor invents a computer machine meant.
However   she manipulates it to warp people s minds and turn them.
When her beautiful yet psychotic assistant gets a hold.
She selects three young college girls and invites them up to the professor s house for a weekend of torture and diabolical experiments.
Luckily  the three girls are saved.
Linda is one.
<EOS>
Lynn Blodgett is.
The young Lynn gets knocked out.
Lynn then wakes up  and sees a clown staring at her through the side door window.
The clown takes off his mask  and reveals a horrible  disfigured  bloody face.
Lynn screams.
She wakes up  revealing it to be a dream.
Lynn Blodgett is a young woman living.
Who has a career  and house-sits for extra money.
It is also revealed.
She s getting a divorce.
That night  a clown is and.
She s sleeping.
What appears to be an axe.
The clown then continues to cross over the street.
The next morning   she finds the cops.
She s about to leave.
The Olsen family was murdered.
It is revealed.
She continues to work.
The paintings she paints have almost entirely clowns.
K. 
A. 
Fear  she has nightmares about terrifying clowns.
And then the next day.
When she wakes up  she paints the clowns and puts them up at the Gallery.
That night at the gallery  she meets Tucker Reid.
Who buys one.
Tucker takes her back.
What he does.
He reveals.
His company creates roller coaster designs.
A man named.
They re about to leave.
Heston pulls out a knife and threatens them to give him Lynn s wallet.
Heston cuts him.
When Tucker refuses to give it.
Tucker jumps him and the two start fighting.
Tucker finds out he has a gun.
Lynn quickly picks up a rock and throws it  setting off the security alarm.
Tucker and Lynn quickly take off  but quickly runs off.
Heston reaches.
Tucker drops Lynn off  after asking her.
Whether she wants him to stay or take her to a friend s house.
She declines.
She gets a call.
She enters the house.
Who is mad.
Lynn apologizes  but hears something on.
She keeps Phillip.
She turns to reveal the clown.
Lynn faints.
The Clown enters the house  but leaves.
When he hears Phillip.
She wakes up.
The police  however  do nt believe her story at 100 AM  and believe.
She made it up.
Lynn  however  thinks.
It was just a spook brought.
The next day  Lynn goes to mediation.
Where it is revealed that Bert wants full custody of their son Nicholas.
He wants to pay child support.
Not only.
She can not buy another house before the divorce and  they ll pursue half of it.
She does.
It is also revealed he s been busy all the time.
Bert has been out for six months  which surprises Lynn due to him lying to her.
Meanwhile   a man named.
Endle Parish asks Lynn to paint a picture for $.
She decides to use the money to hire the best lawyer.
Lynn continues to reject the offer.
That night  Lynn s assistant Amanda is at home taking a shower.
She finds her screen window on the grass outside.
Amanda reaches.
It s gone.
Amanda goes to get the other phone  but is gone too.
Amanda turns around and sees the clown.
The Clown and Amanda begin to struggle.
Amanda scratches the clown.
The Clown throws her and swings the axe at her head and the screen cuts to black.
The next day  Tucker asks.
Talking  leaving Lynn to believe.
Tucker is a stalker.
Detective Peters comes over  and brings Lynn back  revealing to her about Amanda s death.
Peters explains.
They recovered clown makeup and blood.
Peters believes Lynn s clown story  and believes.
Someone is trying to close in.
Peters then hires a police officer to stand and guard her house.
He hears voices and has Leber s congenital amaurosis.
Causes the sclera.
The voice is that of Bert s  and is telling him to kill Lynn.
He ll be cured.
Shivers calls a party clown to come.
Shivers kills the cop.
He now believes.
Bert lied and leaves.
Tucker arrives and fights.
Heston s about to kill Lynn.
Lynn picks up his gun and shoots Heston.
Tucker then explains  he s just a guy.
He s not a stalker.
Who s very intrigued.
The other person is the clown and is still.
The police find the body is that were two people trying to kill Lynn.
Meanwhile  the clown goes and kills him for betraying him.
The next day   Lynn goes out with Tucker to the movies.
The Clown then follows them.
The clown chases them.
They lock themselves.
Detective Peters get a match on the blood under Amanda s fingernails  and finds out there s more than one killer.
Back  Tucker and Lynn look out through the projection window.
They see the clown holding Lynn s son Nicholas  threatening her to come down stairs to retrieve her son.
Lynn goes downstairs to retrieve Nicholas  but preceded to tell Tucker a plan.
She has.
The Clown chases Lynn up the stairs shines the projection light at him  blinding him.
She goes downstairs to retrieve her son.
She accidentally hits a plastic cut  making her pause.
Lynn tries to leave.
He attacks Lynn.
The clown regains his sight.
Tucker jumps out and starts fighting with the clown.
Detective Peters arrives and arrests the Clown.
The Clown s about to kill Tucker.
Later that night  Detective Peters calls and tells her.
Lynn s asleep.
The Clown escaped.
Lynn goes to check and sees the clown in his room.
Lynn slowly walks back.
The screen cuts.
It reveals.
The Clown escaping was just a dream.
<EOS>
Bugs Bunny and his nephew Clyde Rabbit are sitting.
Clyde is unnamed.
Segment one has Clyde asking.
Uncle Bugs was a baseball pitcher and Bugs replying that he was the best.
This segment uses clips.
Bugs does not reveal the conclusion.
Bugs replies.
When his nephew asks what happened.
He went.
Segment two uses a clip.
Bugs  nephew then asks.
What happened.
Bugs says.
He broke it up demanded equal billing and then adds that there was more money in boxing anyway.
Segment three has Bugs telling his nephew.
He fought The Champ.
Two clips are used.
Bugs says.
The fight ended because along came the war.
A brief clip from Falling Hare is shown.
Bugs explains that he was a test pilot assigned.
He further explains.
It heads first  then stops a few inches from impact.
The plane ran out.
Bugs  nephew looks at him with admiration and says  Gosh  Uncle Bugs  you ve been everyplace  I guess  except the moon.
When Bugs replies that he s been there too  and points.
Then a clip is shown.
Bugs then begins to explain.
He was lucky that he had plenty  because it took scientists 22 years to build a ladder to reach him.
Bugs  nephew looks at him with doubt  prompty Bugs to reply  Do nt you believe me.
<EOS>
A doctor is called to treat an ailing infant.
Is. 
He is welcomed.
Who tells him right that it looks to her like the infant will die soon.
Her mother is not home.
He notices.
He examines the baby.
The girl scratches her legs.
He gives her advice.
What to do to help and cure her acne.
The doctor diapers the baby and gives her back.
She asks.
The baby is going to die.
He says no and leaves.
He has to visit other patients and instructs the girl to tell her mother that he will be back at 6 pm.
She wants to come.
He passes.
-- he does nt have another place to go to.
He goes she asks him why he is lying.
He just smiles and leaves.
He sits down and writes down his thoughts about the girl  Boy  she was tough and no kidding.
I fell immediately.
There was that hard  straight thing.
In itself gives an impression.
The girl comes down the stairs and asks.
He plans to sit there.
She gives him her sister.
He is surprised and uses his stethoscope on her.
He looks worried.
He gives the baby back and leaves to buy soap.
His thoughts reveal.
He knows that the baby has maybe 6 months to live because she has a bad heart.
<EOS>
Samantha MacKenzie  the President s daughter  has been.
She has recently spent a sheltered existence with her father.
Who is usually too busy to look.
Accompanied everywhere she goes.
Samantha finally believes she has the chance to break out of her cocoon when she is given the opportunity to attend college.
Samantha feels.
Still followed.
If she is leading a normal life.
She ends up sharing a dorm.
The two instantly strike up a begrudging partnership.
Samantha meets James.
Who Samantha feels is the icing.
But there is more.
She initially thought.
Samantha must learn.
The two sides do not have to be separate from each other in order for her entire life to be content.
James is a Secret Service agent  undercover.
Who is.
<EOS>
Dreverhaven  a dreaded bailiff  is found dead  with a knife sticking out of his stomach.
The obvious suspect is Jacob Willem Katadreuffe  an ambitious young lawyer.
Who worked his way up  always managing to overcome Dreverhaven s personal attacks against him.
Katadreuffe was seen leaving Dreverhaven s office.
He is arrested and taken.
Where he reflects back.
The story begins.
When Katadreuffe s taciturn mother  Joba  worked for Dreverhaven.
They had sex only once.
She becomes pregnant and leaves her employer to make a living.
Time and again she rejects Dreverhaven s offers to marry.
Katadreuffe s path crosses with Dreverhaven  often with dire consequences.
Dreverhaven refuses to recognize him.
When he is arrested and tells the police that Dreverhaven is his father.
Dreverhaven sues him to win the money back.
When   he unwittingly takes a loan from Dreverhaven s bank to purchase a failed cigar store.
Still  Katadreuffe manages to pay back the debt  finding a clerical position.
He does this.
Though most is derived from reading an incomplete set of encyclopedias that he happens to find as a boy in his mother s apartment.
Katadreuffe implores Dreverhaven to give him a second loan.
That he can pass the bar examination.
Dreverhaven agrees.
He can call back the loan.
Katadreuffe manages to pass the examination.
He storms into Dreverhaven s office to pay the final installment on the loan.
A fight ensues.
Katadreuffe attacks Dreverhaven.
All see him.
He marches out.
However  the police discover.
Katadreuffe left Dreverhaven.
M. 
While Dreverhaven died.
M. 
It transpires.
Dreverhaven actually committed suicide.
His will is produced  leaving all to his son.
The will is signed Vader.
<EOS>
His friend Dr Dulac stops her and tells her the life story  naive French farmer s daughter Madelon Claudet.
When neglected wife Alice decides to leave her doctor husband Lawrence.
She is persuaded to run away with him.
Eventually  he has to return.
S.
His father is sick.
He betrays her and marries a woman approved.
There however.
Unbeknownst  Madelon gives birth to a son.
Her father gets her to agree to marry Hubert  a farmer.
When her lover does not come back.
However   Hubert and her father abandon her.
When she refuses to give up her illegitimate son.
She becomes the mistress.
Her friends Rosalie and Victor Lebeau care.
Carlo proposes marriage.
Madelon accepts.
However   he is arrested.
When they go out to celebrate.
He manages to commit suicide.
Madelon is sentenced as his accomplice.
Though she is innocent.
She goes to see her teenage son Lawrence  now living.
When she finally is released.
A conversation proves crucial.
Dr Dulac reveals.
Because his father was a criminal  he can not get better work elsewhere.
Determined not to become a similar burden  she tells her son.
His mother is dead.
Madelon is determined to finance Lawrence s medical education  but  millions of Frenchmen are released from the army.
Jobs are scarce.
She takes up the profession.
When a man mistakes her.
She is forced to steal as well  but finally  her goal is realized.
She ages and loses her looks.
Lawrence receives his degree.
Aged and destitute  she decides to give up her freedom and commit herself  but visits her son one last time  pretending to be a patient.
She encounters Dr Dulac   to provide.
When she leaves.
Who recognizes her and persuades his friend Dr Claudet  still unaware.
Alice Claudet suggests to Lawrence he invite Madelon to live with them.
<EOS>
Kyle Kingson bullies Kendra Hilferty.
An arrogant and vain son anchor Rob Kingson.
Who magically transforms handsome Kyle.
He would remain forever.
He does not find someone who loves him.
Kyle is taken to live.
Both are a comfort.
When his father begins to neglect him.
Kyle finds.
Spring draws closer.
Himself infatuated.
He sees.
Her father  a druggie  engaged with two drug dealers and shoots one dead while the other vows to kill Lindy.
Kyle persuades Lindy s father to allow her to move in.
Lindy is furious and does nt speak to Kyle  but eventually  Kyle reveals himself.
They begin to warm up.
Kyle writes a letter professing his love but does not give it for fear of rejection.
He visits Kendra to plead.
She refuses but agrees to restore Will s vision and grant citizenship in Jamaica.
He gets Lindy to fall with him.
The criminal.
Who threatened Lindy s life lands up.
Lindy s father is overdosed and is.
Kyle permits Lindy to leave and see her father and drives her.
He gives her the letter but regrets doing he s a good friend.
As she tells him.
Lindy calls him.
Kyle does not answer them.
Persuaded  Kyle goes to meet Lindy one last time.
She leaves to Machu Picchu.
Lindy professes her love  and departs.
Kyle s normal self is restored.
Lindy does not recognize him.
She calls his phone and finds that it is the phone that rings.
Will wakes up one morning and can see again.
Zola finds three green cards in the mail from the government.
Kendra approaches Rob Kingson s office  implying.
Kendra will likely do the same thing as she did to Kyle.
Vacation photos show Lindy and Kyle passionately together after high school  living happily ever after.
Is seen.
She loves him.
However she has left.
Kyle believes.
He has lost his chance.
He then receives another call.
Who is being abducted.
Kyle runs to save her and  upon reaching her and finding her in Victor s hold  leaps forward to save her but is shot in the process.
Lindy goes to get help  but Kyle asks her to stay.
She tells him.
She loves him as he dies.
Lindy s tears  however  bring him back and restore him to his former self.
Lindy refuses to believe but soon realizes.
It is him.
It is really him and the two kiss.
Kyle and Lindy then go together and Kyle thanks Kendra.
What she has done.
Afterwards   Kendra is taking an internship at Rob Kingson s office.
<EOS>
Silent Madden  a criminal leader  and his gangster daughter Molly have forsaken a life of crime after receiving counsel from Chang Lo  a Confucianist philosopher living in Chinatown.
A despicable gangster named Black Mike Sylva frames Molly s father  causing Molly to lose faith in abiding the law and prompting her return to a life of crime.
Black Mike plots.
Molly gets word and foils Black Mike s plans.
Molly s hard heart is slowly melted.
Hiding out.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The Benson family moves into 112 Ocean Avenue  Amityvillle.
Where Ronald DeFeo  Jr.
Shot and killed six members in.
Tyler Benson  a teenage boy  uses his camcorder to record the experiences at the house.
Some is also told through CCTV camera footage.
Cameras are installed.
Various unexplained events occur  culminating.
<EOS>
A local late night supermarket is shutting up.
The night shift are starting to restock the shelves ready.
Craig  the former boyfriend  appears.
As the store is about to close.
The two have an argument.
Worried  Linda presses her panic button and calls for help.
Co-owner Bill appears.
A fight ensues.
Craig escapes.
The night crew set out to track him down.
Jennifer calls the police.
There is another scuffle.
They manage to eject Craig.
Will soon be out.
The night crew are gathered the owners announce they are selling the store and the staff.
The staff are assigned the task.
Craig makes telephone calls  unnerving Jennifer.
The police arrive but do little to help and just tell the group to be careful.
Linda finishes her shift and takes some shopping out but is stabbed by an unseen attacker.
Bill spots someone trying the back door and goes out to investigate.
He finds Craig watching Jennifer.
Craig clubs Bill with a hammer.
Back an unseen assailant begins to stalk the workers and the storeowner and kills them one by one.
The killer dismembers his victims  leaving body parts.
Realising  Jennifer goes to investigate and discovers bodies.
Everyone seems to have vanished.
Terrified  she is attacked but manages to escape back onto the shop floor.
Hearing someone she attempts to attract their attention.
They have gone.
When she gets there.
Craig appears and grabs her.
She stabs him.
Craig slumps.
Bill staggers in and says.
Craig had attacked him.
He calls the police.
Jennifer notices.
Bill s hands are covered and realizes he is the killer.
Bill tells her.
He could not let his partner sell the store so he killed him.
Then just got.
Carried away killing the others.
Bill attacks Jennifer and chases her.
Jennifer is locked.
A delivery man appears outside  but is killed.
Jennifer can get his attention.
Bill reenters the building and stalks Jennifer again.
Jennifer is grabbed.
Who tells her.
Bill appears.
Clubs Craig.
Jennifer flees.
Crawling out the bathroom window Jennifer attempts to escape but finds the body of Linda in there.
Bill grabs her legs and pulls Jennifer.
She stabs him.
She had pulled.
Jennifer heads to call the police and starts to smash the booth to get at her.
When Bill reappears again.
Tipping the phone booth has Jennifer trapped.
When Craig appears and hacks him.
Jennifer and Craig are standing.
When the police arrive and arrest them.
Bill regains consciousness and shouts.
The pair had gone mad and killed everyone.
The two are taken away protesting their innocence.
<EOS>
Ju-on 2 is split into several vignettes  the first two being taken from the first.
Shunsuke Kobayashi  a teacher  visits the Saeki household but finds the young Toshio Saeki alone.
However  he quickly finds the corpse and receives.
A phone call Takeo Saeki who reveals he has killed Kobayashi s pregnant wife Manami and butchered her unborn child  due to believing Kayako was being unfaithful upon discovering she has an obsessive crush on Kobayashi.
Kayako s body rises  before tracking down and killing the rampaging Takeo.
Sometime later  a woman named.
Kyoko helps her brother Tatsuya  a real estate agent  to examine the Saeki house and put it.
However  Kyoko is disturbed and leaves  visiting her nephew Nobuyuki in the apartment once owned by Kobayashi.
They witness Takeo murdering Manami and are affected.
Tatsuya moves them.
Where Kyoko is seemingly possessed.
Rocks back and forth.
Nobuyuki has become a mute.
Tatsuya s father believes.
The Saeki house s curse is responsible  Tatsuya heading off to investigate.
The current residents  Yoshimi and Hiroshi Kitada  become affected by the curse.
Yoshimi murders her husband  and then kills Tatsuya.
When he visits.
All die from the curse.
Nobuyuki is still a mute and is observed by police officers Kamio and Iizuka.
Both visit another officer  Yoshikawa.
Who has been driven mad.
He and his wife are killed.
Kamio is attacked at work  shocking Iizuka and another officer.
Who go to check his office.
Kamio is killed seconds later.
Nobuyuki is shown at school.
He spots Kayako.
She suddenly opens and crawls.
Nobuyuki flees whilst pursued despite having her ankle broken.
When she died forcing her to crawl.
A second Kayako appears  both ghosts cornering Nobuyuki and killing him - the final shots of the film showing outside  reflecting on the curse s neverending  spreading affects.
There is an army.
<EOS>
Sophie Scholl and a close friend  Gisela Schertling  are bent over a radio.
They sing along.
As Billie Holiday sings Sugar.
Sophie announces.
She must go.
She walks and quietly steps in a door.
Members of the White Rose student organization  including Sophie s brother Hans  are preparing copies of their sixth leaflet.
They have mimeographed more.
They can distribute.
Hans hits.
Willi argues.
The risks are unacceptable.
Hans announces.
He will take full responsibility.
Trying to reassure the others  Sophie volunteers to assist Hans  explaining.
A woman is less likely to attract the attention.
The next day  Sophie carries a small suitcase.
She and Hans walk.
They cross the square.
Now bears their name.
They set about putting down stacks of leaflets near the doors of lecture rooms.
Where classes are.
They start to leave.
Only minutes left until the period ends.
Sophie tells Hans.
She still has some copies left over.
Running  she sets a stack of leaflets on the balustrade  then impulsively pushes them over the edge.
The mass flutters to the floor of the great atrium.
Descending the stairs  Hans and Sophie seem safely enveloped.
However a janitor  detains them.
Who saw Sophie scatter the leaflets shouts to stop.
Police come and arrest them.
The Gestapo orders shall be sealed.
The siblings are taken.
Where Sophie is interrogated.
Her deception seems to be working  she is dismissed.
Though  the order comes not to let her go.
Her release form is about to be approved.
She is placed with fellow prisoner Else Gebel.
The investigation has found incontrovertible evidence.
Sophie and Hans were indeed responsible.
Sophie concedes.
Her involvement but  determined to protect the others  steadfastly maintains that the production and distribution were entirely the work of Hans and herself.
Mohr admonishes her to support the laws  Scholl counters.
Preserve order.
The laws preserved the right of free speech.
She has seen police spit.
Some lives are unworthy  Mohr suggests  every life is precious  counters Sophie  final judgments.
Are not.
Mohr can not understand.
Conscience can be a reliable basis.
There is no order.
What can we rely.
Sophie mildly replies  Your conscience.
Laws change.
Conscience does nt.
He is affronted.
He ends the interrogation.
When she says that she is willing to accept all blame  and refuses to name accomplices.
Sophie  her brother and a married friend are charged with treason  troop demoralization and abetting the enemy.
Probst is the first to be examined by President of the People s Court Roland Freisler.
Whose prosecutorial zeal makes the nominal prosecutor superfluous.
Freisler contemptuously dismisses Probst s appeals to spare his life.
That his children can have a father.
Hans maintains a taut composure.
Declining is prolong the war.
To answer only what he is asked  he avers that the defeat has been made inevitable by the alliance of Russia  Britain and the United States  all Hitler can do.
He has seen the conditions  the judge has not.
Sophie declares.
Many people agree.
They dare not express such thoughts.
Freisler pronounces the three defendants guilty and calls to make a brief final statement.
Sophie tells the court.
Where we stand today  you -LSB- Freisler -RSB- will stand soon.
Sophie   learns.
Who had been told that legal practice was that execution was not earlier than 99 days.
She is to be executed that day.
She is put.
Where a table and chair are  to write her last words while fighting to maintain her composure.
Then she is told.
She has visitors.
She is visited.
Who express their approval.
She assures her mother.
They will meet again.
Mohr comes and sadly watches Sophie taken away after understanding her predicament.
The prison chaplain comes.
She receives his blessing.
He tells her she has the greatest love.
She is led.
Where Christoph Probst and Hans await.
They quietly share a cigarette  then embrace.
Probst remarks.
What they did was not.
She says.
Sophie is led.
The sun is still shining She is brought and placed in a guillotine.
The blade falls.
The picture goes black.
Footsteps are heard  then Hans s voice exclaiming Es lebe die Freiheit.
Another shudder closes.
More footsteps  a third fall.
Thousands of leaflets fall from the sky over Munich.
A title explains.
Copies were smuggled to Scandinavia and thence to England  where the Allies printed millions of copies of the Manifesto of the Students of Munich that were subsequently dropped on German cities.
The first frames list the names of the seven members of the White Rose group  more than a dozen  and supporters and sympathizers.
Who were executed.
Who were imprisoned.
Who received draconian punishments.
<EOS>
Tough cop Prabha is haunted.
Being an illegitimate daughter  she has had a very bad childhood.
There once occurred an incident.
When she was driven.
But today   she believes.
That she is a cop.
She can clear her conscience.
Prabha s life is turned.
Who is a good person.
Prabha goes to nab him  but gets distracted.
When she sees him bathing and looks away.
Aditya slips.
A hasty chase follows.
Prabha stays close.
When she is about to fall off the rooftop.
This act makes a great impact.
Prabha decides to know Aditya s past and find out.
What prompted him to commit a crime.
She decides to reform him.
She gets ` reformed  herself and falls.
Eventually  Prabha and Aditya fall.
This continues.
Then  problem arises.
When Aditya escapes and starts killing people again with reasons.
Prabha kills him.
Being a good officer.
When he is about to kill another guy.
<EOS>
The director  Tanvir Ahmed  describes this film in Mumbai City.
It is the tale  son of the noble Anil Anand  and the spiritual Aamina.
Ayaan s world is turned upside down.
When Anil starts receiving death threats if he goes ahead.
The murder sets Ayaan on a course of revenge and killing against the criminals of Mumbai.
He becomes a contract killer.
<EOS>
Disillusioned on a journey together to the South of France.
Recount their sexual histories  and repeat some along the journey.
The pair continue to travel they.
<EOS>
Other film 2046 a spy but has to wrestle with her own feelings for him.
Agent 006 has to catch Light a mysterious figure.
<EOS>
The movie starts.
When the police brings Kocherukkan  a man who had done two murders and jumped the jail four times but is again caught.
But he escapes again and checks out his colourful memory.
Kocherukkan was a happy youth.
Who lived an ordinary life somewhere in the border of Tamil Nadu and Kerala.
He is with Malli  an agile  adventurous  cheerful girl of.
Both are orphans.
Malli has a landlord.
The tumultuous life takes a sudden change.
When Malli s landlord Chandrasheghara Vazhunnor and his driver Devarajan decides to get her.
Malli and Kocherukkan elopes.
They meet  but Kocherukkan hits him.
A guy named Kumaresha.
They flees.
They reach Pollachi and starts living.
Kocherukkan and Malli goes to get married but.
Kocherukkan was 20  the registrar asks them to come.
When they are legally entitled to get married.
A year later  Kocherukkan was spotted.
Who was the police.
He arrests Kocherukkan.
He puts false charges.
But he runs off.
They get married.
But he reports back the same day since police arrests Murukan instead of Kocherukkan and tortures him.
Kocherukkan is sent again.
This time Malli gets to know.
Kocherukkan is a wanted criminal now.
She returns back and dismisses her relation.
Kocherukkan escapes and finds Malli murdered in a desert.
He is arrested again.
Kumareshan also traps him.
Kocherukkan escapes again for the fifth time  questions Malli s stepfather Narayanan and understands and takes his revenge on him.
Kumareshan is.
<EOS>
Raja goes.
He returns back after the studies.
He then finds the sufferings and.
They are cheated local heads.
He then fills confidence and tells them.
They should face these illegal.
But this duo makes.
The villagers fools and Raja s attempts goes.
Few villagers get hurt.
They have no other option.
The blame is.
He has forced them.
Sametime Raja is selected.
He rejects it and decides to fight to a Robinhood avatar and names himself as Kondaveti Donga.
He punishes the illegal and stands thus all his folk starts admiring him.
Trouble starts.
When the villains start doing mischief.
Vijayasanthi is an inspector.
Comes. 
Radha her sister  working.
A doctor knows his true identity and starts loving him.
Forms the rest.
How this kondaveti donga punished the fraud people or is he caught or what happens to him.
<EOS>
Kung fu master Chen is tricked and his hands crippled and brothel-keeper Tuen.
Who also forces his sister.
No longer able to practice the martial arts  he becomes a lowly street entertainer  performing.
Monkey is a petty thief and meets Chen and the two begin an odd friendly relationship  causing Little Monkey to try and take revenge for him.
Monkey is trained and believes.
He is strong enough and leaves Master Chen.
He goes and fights Tuen s money collectors.
He easily defeats them all and soon he is led.
Monkey confronts Tuen initially and gets beat  Miss Chen helps Monkey escape but is killed  forcing Chen to take revenge for his sister.
Monkey returns and tells Chen about the meeting with his sister.
Chen gets angry and goes to fight Tuen but Monkey reminds him.
His hands are crippled.
The Monkey Fist wo nt be as effective.
Chen  reluctantly  agrees and trains Monkey more and then Monkey comes back.
He gets pass all the men but gets trapped.
Chen appears and saves him and they fight side.
Monkey engages combat with Tuen and soon gets the advantage.
Tuen  seeing tries to escape.
He ca nt win.
Monkey does nt let him and takes his hands.
He smashes them  the same as.
What Tuen did.
It seems but then he says.
Monkey is done.
He also wants to avenge Chen s sister and kills Tuen.
<EOS>
Harry and Beth Rowe run a small skydiving facility.
One day  a woman named.
Suzy Belmont comes around  claiming to be looking.
Beth claims  but feels.
Frankie was fired.
Suzy did nt come down just to see Frankie.
Beth ca nt help but feel.
She walks away.
Her husband is having an affair.
It turns out.
Harry is  but is still keeping it a secret.
One evening  they receive a letter.
Joe wants to visit and is looking.
Beth recommends.
Joe could easily fill Frankie s position  to which Harry gives his consent that it s okay.
Frankie returns to the skydiving school  but is caught by Harry attempting to sabotage a plane.
Frankie demands Harry stay away from Suzy.
Harry agrees  but warns Frankie.
He ll break both his legs if he comes back.
Eventually  Joe Moss arrives  and is greeted.
The little reunion is soon.
When a man named Pete arrives  and wants to do a dangerous skydiving stunt.
Harry warns Pete.
This could get the FAA involved.
Pete claims.
He can do it.
However   Pete panics and plummets.
He can pull his chute.
This incident causes the FAA to shut down the Rowe s facilities.
Harry drives to a local bar.
Where  he encounters Suzy outside.
She attempts to woo Harry.
Who instead calls her a ` broad.
A fight breaks out.
Which Harry eventually walks away.
Incensed.
What Harry said.
When he does a skydive jump once the skydiving facility reopens.
Frankie is unsure  but still goes along.
Eventually  the facility reopens.
Numerous people come out to see the skydivers.
However  trouble is brewing.
When Harry suspects that Joe may be having an affair.
Harry soon makes up.
Joe stops attempting to get acquainted.
However   Suzy and Frankie sneak into the hangar and pour acid on Harry s parachute.
Harry s chute rips.
When the jump is made.
He plummets.
Some witness report seeing Suzy and Frankie running away.
Joe gets and soon.
Catches up.
However  some men give chase in a plane and in a car.
The two are gunned down.
Though there s no direct evidence that Suzy and Frankie did anything.
Joe takes his leave of Beth.
Who is giving up running the skydiving facility.
Beth takes her own leave.
Joe drives.
The curiously grim end credits feature names and head shots set to total silence.
<EOS>
The story is set  in Bristol  England.
Where young Benjamin Blake  son is taken from his commoner grandfather  gunsmith Amos Kidder  and forced to serve his vengeful uncle  Sir Arthur Blake.
Arthur inherited the title and land  and fears.
Ben may not have been born out and might claim his inheritance.
He compels the boy to become his ward and bonded servant  giving Arthur life-and-death power.
Ben runs away the old man to live a life on the run  returns to Breetholm  vowing to endure.
Whatever he must prove himself a true Blake and recover his birthright.
Ben  now a young man  has fallen with Isabel  his cousin and Arthur s haughty and scheming daughter.
Arthur discovers the relationship and thrashes Benjamin  knowing.
He dare not resist.
Ben confronts Arthur that night  but is threatened for breaking into his room to assault him  a hanging offense.
Ben flees arrest.
His grandfather is imprisoned.
Ben stows away.
Where he can make his fortune  prove his claim  and release his grandfather.
Ben is forced to join the ship s crew  but joins shipmate Caleb Green.
There he wins the trust  finds fortune  and takes a new love  a native girl.
He calls Eve.
Caleb discovers.
When a Dutch ship happens  allowing them to fulfill their ambitions.
The idyllic life is worth more than the pearls they have amassed.
Ben remains true.
He returns to England under an assumed name to prove his birthright with the help of noted man of influence  Bartholomew Pratt.
Ben is betrayed.
He goes to see Isabel  and is convicted by jury for the earlier offenses.
He is saved.
As his death sentence is about to be pronounced.
Who proves that no crime was committed.
Ben discovers.
It was Isabel who betrayed him and also repays the beating he received.
He emancipates the bonded tenants and divides the estate among them  deeding the manor house to his grandfather.
Ben then returns to live out his life with Eve.
<EOS>
Russell Spivey is a successful police profiler.
He must set aside his personal issues and do.
When he rejoins his team and finds himself on the trail of a serial killer.
What he does best - delve.
But  it appears.
Spivey gets closer.
The killer is now targeting him.
Each victim is found.
Leave him puzzled.
Spivey must catch up.
He loses everyone he loves.
His future becomes just as dark.
<EOS>
Nine-Year-Old Elina lives with her younger siblings and her mother in the Torne Valley in the north of Sweden  near the Finnish border.
Her father   died a few years ago.
Whom she loved dearly.
Elina finds consolation.
Elina also contracted tuberculosis  but recovered.
Elina is obliged to repeat a whole year.
She was ill.
However   she has been put with a different teacher  the strict Tora Holm.
She missed so much schooling.
Tora Holm sees it  believing.
Only those who speak perfect Swedish have any chance.
Elina s family belongs.
Who starts hounding Elina.
Elina s mother  sister  and a liberal young male teacher all try to mediate the ensuing battle.
She learned and stands up for one of her schoolmates.
When Elina exercises the sense.
Little Elina proves far stronger.
Nobody is willing to take her side.
The conflict comes.
When Elina flees.
<EOS>
The film begins.
A flashback reveals.
She did not die.
N.
E.
Headquarters  Macalousso asks Vicky Thorne to be the prosecutor.
What he heralds.
Thorne then visits Mitch Kendrick  a lawyer and her ex-lover  informing him.
He has been appointed.
T.
Quincy and the remaining cell members decide to rescue Hannah.
The trial begins.
Kendrick tells the court  to put on trial.
Helen Hannah is a pawn  and decides  in a publicity stunt.
Thorne and Judge Wells hate the idea.
Macalousso - eager to repair the recent blows - approves the idea.
J.
T.
Visits Colin McMahon  an underground doctor  to have a fake 666 mark imprinted.
J.
T.
Then visits his old friends Dawn and Dave  fugitives hiding.
He offers them food.
Later that evening  Kendrick watches a tape.
The tape is one.
Claims that O.
N.
E.
Is responsible.
Thorne comes.
She orders.
Him to gain Hannah s trust so as to expose the key Resistance.
Kendrick silently stays to witness the church be burnt down.
N.
E.
Kendrick then returns home.
Where he finds Macalousso waiting.
The Antichrist tells Kendrick not to allow Helen Hannah to testify  and.
He wishes to be called.
Doctor McMahon is shot by a group of agents of O.
N.
E  cut off and taken.
Who then have his hand.
Kendrick visits Hannah  having taken care to scramble the security camera.
Kendrick reveals.
His mark is a fake  which he procured.
However  he only believes  denying both Macalousso and any ` Father in Heaven.
Hannah futilely attempts to persuade him.
Thorne calls various damning witnesses in favour of O.
N.
E.
First come General Tyson Kennan  head.
N.
E.
Peace Corps.
Kennan denounces the world prior - but.
World War III has been averted.
A general euphoria has gripped the globe s population.
Next comes Willie Spino  much.
Who believed him dead.
Spino claims.
Accepting the mark has freed him.
Spino explains  and denounces her.
Hannah was his stepsister.
He should have forsaken his regained mobility and newfound powers.
Kendrick objects by asking.
Spino loves Hannah.
Spino denies it - but admits loving her prior to taking the Mark.
Judge Wells abruptly adjourns the trial.
Kendrick again meets Hannah.
Hannah confides.
Belief does not remove fear.
Kendrick reveals.
He has been.
He lost the trial and had to witness his father s execution.
Hannah begins to trust Kendrick  and gives him the location.
The trial resumes.
Helen is called by Thorne.
The cross-examination is severely rigged - Thorne discredits Hannah s every answer.
They do not fit.
Kendrick visits the Christians and claims to believe their innocence.
The trial can only be won.
N.
E is finally exposed.
Soon.
He leaves  agents.
N.
E.
Invade the hideout  killing many haters.
Some Christians barely escape - J.
T  Jake Goss and Selma Davis.
Conferring  Kendrick realises that the O.
N.
E had a surveillance chip implanted.
The outcome seems bad for Hannah.
Selma Davis shows up unexpectedly.
Selma tells Thorne.
Thorne and Judge Wells are displeased.
She was an undisclosed witness.
Kendrick argues with her one last time about his father and God.
Kendrick is angered.
He believes his father chose God.
Kendrick drops his scrambling device.
Thorne notices.
The prosecutor orders - possibly an act.
The guards to search Kendrick  but fortunately they find nothing.
J.
T  Dave and Jake Goss arrive.
J.
T sends Dave to infiltrate the court building  but Dave fails.
He is killed.
T.
Receives a call.
Who tells him how to disguise himself to enter the court.
Kendrick calls Macalousso.
Requested. 
Macalousso explains - Helen Hannah refused to accept his Mark  choosing to believe the lie.
The trial is a question.
Hannah barely has time to denounce him.
When Judge Wells orders her to be taken.
Kendrick reveals his ace.
Refusing to conclude the trial  he interrogates Macalousso.
The guards can not intervene.
Kendrick tells the crowd.
He will call.
Nobody steps forward.
Kendrick then lays his gun  telling her he forgives her.
To die is the greatest sacrifice of all.
The paradise will someday pass away  but simple belief will open the doors.
Macalousso has created.
Undefeated  Macalousso tells Kendrick.
So long as there are still people who bear the Mark  he is master.
J.
T.
Tries to release Hannah.
Where she awaits execution.
J.
T.
Is noticed and prepares to pull his gun out  but Selma whispers to him there is a better way.
The guard is called away to the courtroom  and J.
T.
Breaks the lock.
Macalousso watches.
Thorne comes up.
Knowing  she tells him.
He has finally chosen his side.
He will take a bullet - whereupon she shoots him.
Thorne tells him.
Kendrick lays dying.
He is a fool  just.
T  Hannah and Selma leave the building  J.
T.
Tells Helen.
Kendrick knew that O.
N.
E.
Were not the only ones listening.
The last shot is a newspaper headline saying.
Helen has escaped.
<EOS>
Hikaru Oshiro  noticing  decided to build one studio.
There was a lack.
He allows high school students to use the studio.
He required them to be respectful and empathetic  and also do well academically in their schools.
<EOS>
Ralph is a retired police officer.
Who has worked.
He plans.
Jennifer is a successful businesswoman and the single mother.
She grew up all her life.
Her mother was constantly traveling.
Her father died.
When she was very young.
She has lost her Christmas spirit.
Ralph has no idea.
Where he has to be.
He is helped.
Who has trouble accepting his age.
Ralph offers Morgan to stay.
When it turns out his second flight is cancelled.
Initially  Jennifer is reluctant to take  but she allows him to stay.
She needs someone to make her son a turkey.
They soon come.
They are two completely different people.
Jennifer is irritated feels Richard Windom.
She is a cynical control freak  which is mostly the result.
Ralph  however  feels.
They are perfect and tries to prevent Jennifer from sending Morgan away.
It turns out.
When Jennifer is about to set him off.
Ralph has stolen his passport.
Jennifer and Morgan end up spending the entire day together and bond.
Morgan is able to get Brian the one Christmas gift for  rocketwheel  a very rare bicycle.
He wished.
Later that night   Morgan makes.
Brian believe again  by climbing on the roof and pretending to be one of Santa s helpers.
Meanwhile  Jen and Richard attend a formal party and get engaged.
Morgan feels disappointed and leaves.
Jennifer is mad.
When she finds out  but softens up.
When Ralph tells her that Morgan nearly killed himself  trying to make Brian believe in Christmas again.
Finally convinced and realizing  she breaks off the engagement.
She is.
She rushes.
They become a couple.
<EOS>
Auro is an intelligent and witty 12-year-old boy.
Mentally he is twelve and very normal.
Physically he looks five times older.
Auro is a very happy boy.
He lives.
Who is a gynecologist.
Amol Arte is a young  cold blooded politician.
He is out to prove.
` politics  is not a bad word.
He is a man.
Auro is Amol s son  however  Vidya conceals this.
Amol meets Auro.
When he visits the boy s school.
He takes him to see the president s house.
He does not know that Auro is his son.
Auro   tries to get his mother and father back together.
Who knows the truth.
Vidya resists  still hurt.
Amol wanted her to have an abortion when they first found out she was pregnant.
Amol realizes his mistake though  and proposes.
He is still.
He stays.
When he finds out that Auro is his son.
Auro s health begins to deteriorate.
He reaches his 13th birthday  his physical defects catching up.
However  he is finally able to reunite his mother and father once again.
Vidya gives.
Auro  succumbing  says his last words Maa and Paa before dying with a satisfying smile.
<EOS>
Fritz Haarmann uses his position.
He shares the meat with his circle of cannibal friends.
<EOS>
Canadian Arnold Boult and his wife Evelyn are celebrating the first birthday in their London home shortly after World War I.
Arnold is about to embark with Harry Simpkin.
Who has been released after serving time on fraud charges.
Five years later  Edward is diagnosed.
Boult decides to burn down the building in order to finance the surgery with the insurance money.
Harry goes along with the plan.
Boult evolves.
The years pass.
Who will do anything to protect his son.
Lord Boult assumes its mortgage.
When Edward is threatened from his prep school.
Time passes.
Evelyn confides her concern and appears to have no sense of morality.
Edward drinks too much.
Larry strongly suggests.
Something be done to control Edward.
Lord Boult feels.
The young man can do no wrong.
Having served another sentence  Harry comes to Boult and asks for a job.
Harry commits suicide.
When he is put off.
Boult s secretary Eileen Perrin lies.
When the police investigate.
Harry did not come.
She and Boult become lovers.
A year later   the two discover.
They are being observed.
Anxious to avoid scandal  Boult breaks up.
Who later kills herself.
Boult departs to see his wife and Edward.
Evelyn threatens to expose him.
Their son will see his true nature.
Boult promises.
He will destroy Larry  who loves her  unless she remains silent.
Evelyn acquiesces.
She becomes increasingly unhappy and begins to drink heavily.
The years pass.
Edward also has become an alcoholic and is engaged to socialite Phyllis Mayden.
Young Betty Foxley  who is pregnant  believes he will marry her.
Boult subtly suggests Larry abort the child.
The doctor refuses and offers Betty medical and financial assistance instead.
Edward  serving during World War II  crashes his plane while stunting and is killed along with his crew.
Lord Boult  now a widower  beseeches Larry to tell him the whereabouts.
Larry refuses  leaving his obsessed old friend determined to do.
Whatever is necessary to find his grandchild.
<EOS>
The movie starts.
Tina is drinking alcohol  Hank tells Tina to lay off the alcohol.
Tina says.
She s going to have a great cocktail.
Hank says.
He s not going to carry her everywhere.
Tina gets mad and says.
She never needed him.
Hank says.
He has matured.
She wants to prove she can live better in her own way.
Meanwhile  a boat dumps toxic waste.
Lands with a skull of a dead sailor  which transforms slowly into a half human  half fish-like monster.
The monster then proceeds to make its way.
Meanwhile  a party is going.
The party catches the attention.
Tina starts flirting.
Tina begins stripping.
Hank   talks.
Who was just staring out.
He tells her.
Elaine says.
She is sure that Tina will understand him eventually.
Noticing the commotion  Hank and Elaine decide to check.
Hank  angry  tries to take her away.
Mike starts a fight.
Hank wins.
Mike accepts his defeat.
Tina tries to apologize.
He leaves.
Mike is then taken home.
Tina then decides to go.
She swims all the way out far away from the beach.
She is attacked and killed.
The sight causes commotion on the beach.
Later  Elaine has been worried since Tina s death.
Her father  Dr Gavin  tells her not to worry.
Eulabelle  Dr Gavin s housekeeper  suggests.
Some kind is responsible for Tina s death.
Gavin refuses to believe it.
Later that night  Elaine cancels going with her friends.
The monsters   attack the slumber party and kill most.
Whose number have increased.
This news spreads quickly.
Three traveling girls make their way.
They get a flat tire.
They are killed.
Attempting to fix the tire.
Elaine is later seen depressed.
Hank comes by to pick her up and decides to go to the beach.
He has a short chat.
Who tell him that there has been no action since Tina was killed.
The band sings Summer Love.
Meanwhile  two girls wait to pick them up.
A monster stalks them.
They walk along.
The girls are finally picked up.
The monster gets angry.
The monster then walks.
It notices a clothing store on display.
The monster punches.
Its arm is ripped off.
The arm is later studied.
The arm is still alive.
They ca nt figure out.
To kill it.
They then hear some noises upstairs.
Thinking  they prepare to defend themselves.
It s one.
It turns out to be Eulabelle.
She notices the monster arm and is startled  accidentally spilling a container of sodium on it.
Kills the arm.
A way to kill the monsters has been found.
Meanwhile  a drunk is killed.
A way to locate the monsters is searched for.
The monsters leave radioactive water wherever they go  which allows scanning for them to track them.
Hank can not find anyone.
Who supplies sodium.
Eulabelle suggests.
He try the last few places.
Hank finds a place.
Has it and goes to get it.
Meanwhile  Dr Gavin has no luck.
Eulabelle tells him.
Hank went to get the sodium.
Elaine went to look.
Dr Gavin realizes.
It s where the monsters must be.
He rushes off to help Elaine  bringing a small case with him.
Elaine tests the water.
The monsters chase her.
She trips and injures her leg.
She still tries to run away.
Dr Gavin arrives and throws sodium.
Kills it.
Another monster attacks.
He attempts to defend his daughter himself.
He used his sodium.
Hank   is stopped.
Who is bringing more sodium.
Who leads him.
Hank saves Dr Gavin.
Gavin is burned.
The group then kills all the monsters.
Later  Hank visits Elaine.
Whose leg is recovering.
They kiss.
Music plays on the radio.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
He was afraid of the strange voices.
Talked incessantly.
To escape the fear  he seeks refuge  alienating himself from his family and ending up in an asylum.
His son Ramu could never sympathise.
Who had shirked his responsibility.
But Narayanan starts writing letters.
Which Ramu does nt even bother to reply.
A young doctor tries to help Sankara Narayanan.
He knows that he can be cured.
The doctor not only intends to reunite Narayanan but also has something very important to reveal to Ramu.
<EOS>
Tsui Chik  tries to lead a quiet life.
However  he is really a former test subject.
The 701 squad is used.
The government decides to abort the project and eliminate all the subjects.
One kills a team of policemen in an uncontrollable rage.
Tsui Chik helped.
The surviving 701 agents flee the extermination attempt.
Having escaped  Tsui Chik went separate ways Later  he discovers.
Rest were responsible for a violent crime spree that was beyond the capability of the local police.
He sets out to stop them  donning a disguise and using the superhero alias.
Having lost the ability to feel pain  Black Mask is highly invulnerable.
<EOS>
Title examiner Leah Farrell discovers a property transfer document  and proceeds to investigate.
Researching an ordinary real estate transaction.
She turns to Assistant District Attorney Paul Shaughnessy.
When she is threatened.
Romance blooms.
Paul tries to protect Leah.
The two foil the plot to bring illegal gambling activities to a small seaside town in Massachusetts.
<EOS>
The year is 2071  a few days.
An unknown pathogen is being released.
The government has issued a 300 million woolong reward  the largest bounty  for the capture of.
Whoever is.
The bounty hunter crew  Spike  Faye  Jet  Ed and Ein  take the case with hopes of cashing in the great bounty.
But the mystery surrounding the man responsible  Vincent Volaju  goes deeper.
They ever imagined.
They are not the only ones hunting him.
The original creators have dispatched an agent named Electra to deal with Vincent  as well as take out anyone.
Who might uncover the truth.
The fate rests with the Bebop crew  a responsibility.
The hunt continues to escalate.
They are nt so sure they can handle.
<EOS>
The story is.
They are taken.
Leads. 
Nevertheless  the trio grows up learning high-tech methods and specialize in stealing treasured paintings.
Chow s character is thought to be dead.
A heist goes awry.
Leslie takes Chow s place.
However  Chow returns begins planning their next heist for themselves  fall out of favor with Tsang.
Various complications and gun battles ensue.
<EOS>
Nino Garofalo is a migrant guest worker from Ciociaria  working as a waiter in Switzerland.
He loses  so he begins to lead a clandestine life.
His work permit when he is caught urinating.
He is supported by Elena  a Greek woman.
Then he befriends an Italian industrialist  relocated.
The industrialist takes him  only to commit suicide.
When he squanders his last savings.
Nino is constrained to find shelter.
They tend to in order to survive.
Captivated  he decides to dye his hair and pass himself off as a local.
He is found out after celebrating a goal scored by Fabio Capello.
When rooting.
He is arrested and deported.
He embarks and finds himself in a cabin filled with returning Italian guest workers.
He is seen having second thoughts.
He gets off.
<EOS>
Hazari Prasad is a miser.
Who dreams.
However  Raja is a spendthrift.
Who is only interested.
One day is walking to his college  a passing jeep douses him with mud and the rude response of the beautiful Madhu.
Who is driving enrages Raja.
He tricks Madhu.
He is blind.
When the truth is revealed.
The two quickly become enemies and play different pranks  Raja causes Madhu to trip during a dance rehearsal.
She forces him.
Meanwhile  Hazari is looking to find.
His involvement makes his son a less than stellar marriage prospect.
Hazari accidentally runs.
Visiting a lavish hotel.
Who has only one daughter.
Hazari hires actors to pretend to be his staff and gives beggars large quantities to masquerade as a wealthy industrialist.
He quickly becomes friends.
The two agree to marry their children.
However   she turns out to be Madhu.
When Raja meets his prospective bride.
The two refuse to consider the possibility.
Madhu takes her dislike.
When she falsely accuses Raja.
Raja is furious.
His reputation has been ruined and reprimands her  pointing out that many men would take their revenge.
He is different.
Madhu instantly falls with Raja and kisses him in front of her entire class.
The two enjoy an idyllic holiday.
Mr Mehra discovers Hazari s true financial circumstances.
When they return.
Furious  he insults and strikes Hazari.
Who immediately takes offense.
Raja and Madhu are forbidden.
Nevertheless  the two continue to secretly see each other.
He arranges to have some thugs beat up Raja.
When Mr Mehra discovers this.
He also decides to send Madhu away.
Where she will not be able to contact Raja.
Raja sneaks.
He can do so.
The two are married.
Mr Mehra banishes Madhu  declaring.
She is dead.
Hazari also disowns Raja.
When he discovers that he has married the daughter.
The couple moves.
Raja finds work.
The couple is happy.
Raja is hurt.
Madhu goes to beg his father to pay for an emergency operation.
Hazari agrees  but  he removes her wedding necklace.
If she divorces him.
Madhu returns to her father s house.
Seeing her distress  he forgives her.
Orders Raja again.
Her to never see.
Hazari tells him.
When Raja recovers.
Madhu returned and never visited him at the hospital.
Believing Madhu has deserted him to return  Raja also returns to his parents.
Later  he discovers.
Madhu did come to see him.
He rushes to stop her but arrives.
It takes off.
Luckily  Madhu did not take the plane.
The two manage to reconcile their parents.
<EOS>
The film follows the lives Enid and Rebecca during the summer after their high-school graduation.
The girls are both social outcasts.
Rebecca is more popular.
Enid s diploma is awarded.
She attend a remedial art class.
Her art teacher  Roberta  believes and dismisses Enid s sketches.
Though she is a talented artist.
Art must be socially meaningful.
The two girls see a personal ad.
Which a lonely man named Seymour asks a woman he met recently to contact him.
Enid makes.
A prank phone call  pretending to be the woman and inviting him to meet her at a diner  and when he goes there  the two girls secretly watch and make fun of him.
However  Enid begins to feel sorry  so a few days later they follow him to his apartment building.
Where they find him selling vintage records.
Enid buys an old blues album.
They gradually become friends.
One is trying to find women for him to date.
Meanwhile  Enid has been attending her art class.
Enid persuades Seymour to lend her an old poster depicting a grotesquely caricatured black man.
Order to please Roberta.
Was once used by the fried-chicken franchise where Seymour holds a middle management position.
She presents the poster as a social comment about racism.
Roberta is so impressed.
She later offers Enid a scholarship.
Lives have seriously diverged.
Becky has found a job and become more interested.
Enid has been spending time.
Enid finds a job.
The girls can rent an apartment together.
She is fired.
Finally  Becky gives up.
Their personal differences erupt.
Sometime  Seymour receives a phone call  the woman.
Enid loses her job.
He had written to.
Enid encourages him to develop a relationship  but becomes jealous.
When he begins avoiding Enid to spend time.
Lives fall apart.
School officials find it so offensive   she visits Seymour  resulting in a drunken one-night stand.
When Enid s poster is displayed.
They force Roberta to give her a failing grade.
When Enid discovers she has lost her scholarship.
Seymour then breaks up before realizing.
He has no chance  and loses his job after the poster is displayed in a newspaper.
Becky tells Seymour.
He becomes hospitalized.
Who was.
Finally  Enid gives.
She has periodically spoken with an old man named Norman.
Who was waiting.
Enid sees a bus finally arrive to pick up Norman  and the next day  and gets on the bus.
While Seymour discusses the summer s events  Enid goes to the bus stop.
When it arrives.
The film ends.
The bus drives away.
<EOS>
Tshepo  unemployed  travels to go to a job interview.
He hopes to become financially independent and respected.
His journey is filled with the little incidents.
Characterize the black community s life.
<EOS>
Ralph Cotter is a career criminal.
Who escapes  then murders his partner in crime.
He attempts to woo his ex-partner s sister by threatening to expose her role in his escape.
Cotter quickly gets back  only to be shaken down by corrupt local cops.
<EOS>
The film begins.
It is night time and.
A hooker gets and offers her services to the trucker inside.
The trucker is revealed to be Rusty Nail.
When he recites his phrase I.
Keeps everybody inside and washes everything clean.
He asks the hooker to go out.
Rusty Nail locks the doors and asks her to leave.
When she is unnerved and states she is leaving.
He then shuts the window up  trapping her.
Way as she is clambering out.
Rusty Nail then drives off  decapitating the hooker.
He drives.
The film then jumps  a young engaged couple in their early twenties.
Who are.
They are heading to Las Vegas.
Where they plan.
Joining them is Melissa s sister Kayla.
Who also picks up her online boyfriend Nik  a punk.
The four find a seemingly abandoned house.
When their car breaks down.
They find a silver 1971 Chevrolet Chevelle with gasoline fully filled.
Melissa and Bobby are reluctant to take the car.
It amounts to thieving.
They relent.
Melissa  Bobby  Kayla and Nik decide to take the Chevelle.
There does nt seem to be anybody about.
The car is  however Melissa leaves a note in the house leaving her contact details to.
Whoever may own the house and/or car.
Melissa receives a phone call.
Who owned the car they stole.
He then calls Melissa Goldilocks  revealing.
He can see her.
It appears.
Somebody had followed them.
He also tells.
I believe you have something  cause i have now something of yours.
As soon.
Bobby disappears.
The others find a CB radio.
Which Rusty Nail talks.
He orders is to survive.
Them to destroy their cellphones and follow his orders.
He has some quite nasty psychological mind games.
Create a bridge.
The group continues to follow Rusty Nail.
Who promises them that they will be all reunited soon.
The group cut a finger.
They reach a wrong trucker.
Rusty already knew that they had broken the rules.
Rusty cut off one finger and put it in the glove compartment of the vehicle.
Was later discovered.
Rusty later instructs Melissa to strip down.
It turns out not to be him.
Some other trucker Rusty Nail had instructed to be there.
Rusty Nail soon pulls up.
Bobby tries to escape.
He gains the attention.
Who has gone.
Rusty Nail catches him and uses a chainsaw-chain to cut off the barman s jaw.
He then commands Nik to walk and to buy crystal meth.
Nik refuses to do this.
Melissa takes a knife  confessing.
He is scared and that his tattoos are fake.
Nik walks up.
We saw.
Rusty kidnaps Nik and drives off.
Melissa and Kayla chase them.
Rusty gets.
He rams them a few times and then the car flips over.
Kayla s leg is pinned and instructs Melissa to go.
He s going to ram the car again.
Melissa jumps.
Kayla is killed.
He takes Bobby and Nik back  and has them play a sadistic game with dice.
Whatever one person rolls makes.
Various things happen  like branding them with a rusty nail in the shape of an R  being hit in the kneecap  etc.
Rusty kills Nik.
Bobby rolls a double one snake eyes.
Melissa then breaks and steals a motor bike and races off to find Bobby.
Rusty nail hangs Bobby.
Melissa comes to rescue him  by parking it by the side of the truck.
Melissa overpowers the killer.
She drives.
The sun comes up and ends up plowing  causing the truck to catch fire.
Melissa jumps  but it s too late.
Rusty takes control.
He drives off the side.
Bobby escapes.
He was hung up and meets back up with Melissa  their ordeal finally over.
A girl is stuck on the side of the road.
Her car has broken down.
A big red Peterbilt truck drives  only to back up.
She explains.
What s happened and asks.
You can see.
The truck door opens.
The driver has a badly burnt right arm.
The girl climbs in.
A familiar voice says  You ll catch your death out there.
<EOS>
Evan Danielson is a very successful stockbroker.
Who had been working as their top account manager  that is until Johnny Whitefeather was hired as his rival.
Whitefeather seems to have the whole company.
He spiels his nonsensical idioms filled.
These top executives seem more content.
They can make money.
He discovers.
When Evan finally discovers that his daughter  Olivia  is somehow able to tell the future by using her ` goo-gaa  comfort blanket and her imaginary friends.
He has an invaluable upper hand.
Any question.
He must travel  through a dense forest  past a dragon  through caves  and even walk through France.
Now is forced to play.
Evan who is a part-time father really had no time.
He rediscovers the inner child within himself and genuinely has a lot of fun playing these imaginary games with Olivia.
Whitefeather becomes suspicious and begins to search.
He purchased a six thousand dollar blanket and forces his son to tell him the future and making him extremely hyperactive.
When he finds out that Evan was just playing.
Whitefeather and Evan are now competing.
D.
E.
Evan must once again invoke the use and meet up with the princesses.
Order to be prepared.
The only problem is.
Olivia is spending the night.
There is no way to obtain said.
Also  the presentation showdown will be held  the day of Olivia s class play.
So Evan is able to get the Goo-Gaa  later Evan s daughter is seen crying.
He is nt really caring.
Evan returns home and tries to get the princesses  attention.
Evan then starts working.
Later couple hours past.
He stretches  then the Goo-Gaa falls  but he continues working without noticing.
It fell.
Evan decides to go.
Johnny starts off.
His idea was too crazy.
Johnny leaves.
Then it s Evan s turn  he gets up.
He decides to go  and leaves the presentation.
When he is about to present.
Evan starts driving over.
He starts changing.
Back  Olivia is about to sing her solo part  then all of a sudden Evan appears in a king costume.
Olivia starts singing.
She is happy.
He came.
Evan starts talking to Olivia about  and for using the princesses for the wrong reason.
Sorry he is.
Meanwhile the owner.
D.
E.
Appears  and wants to talk.
He and Evan talk.
He decides to give the position because of.
Much Evan cares.
Evan accepts.
Evan goes back.
It is time to say good-bye start waving  and a gust of wind blows.
Some leaves are.
The princesses go off.
Evan  Olivia s mother  and Olivia leave happy.
<EOS>
Middle-Aged  widowed shopkeeper Clarissa Phelps pities genteel  but homeless drunkard Captain Randolph Courtney and takes him in.
A germ is born.
When Courtney corrects the lower-class accent and grammar Richard.
Richard benefits.
He grows up.
Ten years later   Clarissa makes a startling announcement.
She is not his mother  but was merely hired to raise him.
She gives him a bankbook.
Arranged and asks him to move out on his own.
Richard and Courtney are both stunned.
Emily Judson   is distressed  she had hoped to marry him  but now feels.
Whom Richard has grown up.
He is out.
And  Courtney guesses.
What she had said.
Richard s mother is Julia Trent Anders  a former star actress.
Would-be playwright Richard  seeking to get to know her  becomes a lodger.
Where he also meets her absentminded scientist husband Paul and her beautiful stepdaughter Pauline.
Richard and Pauline are attracted.
Pauline becomes aware  and desists.
She introduces him.
When Julia discovers that her tenant has written a play.
Joyce reads his play  however   it would be too expensive.
He sees promise.
Him to produce.
She sells her shop and uses most to secretly finance it without Richard s knowledge.
When Clarissa finds out.
She and Courtney proudly attend the premiere.
The play is a success.
The experience is too much  already in very bad health.
She admits to Richard.
She is actually his mother.
Emily  admitting defeat  concedes Richard.
<EOS>
Remy McSwain is a New Orleans police lieutenant.
Who investigates the murder.
His investigation leads him to suspect.
Fellow members may be involved.
Anne Osborne  a state district attorney  is sent to investigate alleged police corruption.
Anne accuses him of being on the take.
He argues.
She does not have an understanding.
They form a relationship.
McSwain is caught accepting payoffs.
Osborne has the burden.
The evidence is suppressed.
McSwain is cleared.
Which point Anne  becoming aware  is faced with the conflict of her personal feelings for Remy and her duty to uphold the law.
<EOS>
New York  a city  lies in ruin.
The streets and skyscrapers have become places.
Symbolized the strength and prosperity.
The cultural hub is now home to only ash and blood.
There is only one dream - Survival.
Zombies  the living dead  have taken the city.
Ben and Barbra find themselves trapped and fighting to escape the hordes.
Walk the streets.
The film was created.
Allows the director.
Though he were.
<EOS>
Arjun is an IT professional.
Who was  and has now come down to Chennai to set up his own business.
He has a wide friends circle.
Who make merry.
Arjun s philosophy is to be always cool and never lose one s temper under any circumstances.
He feels it is better to win over your enemies and take them along.
One has to reach his goal.
However Arjun is shocked.
When he finds that his late father had another family.
His half sister Brinda is now trying to sell his family house.
She needs the money to go .
She has got a scholarship.
Arjun pretends  wins her over and manages to get her vacated.
Poorni is his childhood sweetheart.
There is a rowdy Guna.
Who is a terror.
Arjun gets entangled.
Leads. 
Now Guna is baying.
He follows Arjun.
The rest is.
Arjun tries to take the responsibilities and wins over Brinda and deals with Guna  who is determined to kill him.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Each character has different plans.
Preston Myers plans to proclaim his love.
Whom he has never had the nerve to speak before  prom queen Amanda Beckett  who has recently been dumped for years of bullying.
Denise Fleming has no intention but is dragged along by Preston.
Kenny Fisher is a wigger.
Who plans.
Denise happens to walk in.
When he goes to get ready.
The pair of former friends begin talking about  their conversation eventually leads to the restoration of their friendship and then escalates into them having sex.
They drifted apart.
Amanda deals with being alternately consoled by the drunken girlfriends of Mike s jock friends and her own cousin and tries to figure out.
She truly has an identity.
She discovers a letter addressed to her.
Unbeknownst  the letter was written by Preston.
She makes it her mission to find him.
Mike convinces his fellow jock friends to follow his lead and dump their girlfriends to make a pact.
Which they all pledge to remain single as they go.
Later on  an intoxicated Mike learns.
Guys like them are a dime a dozen.
This reality is even driven.
Trip emphasizes how he dumped his girlfriend that Mike did to score with women which was unsuccessful.
Terrified  Mike tries to get Amanda back.
She replies.
She is happier and humiliates him in front of everyone at the party.
William devises his plan to get revenge on Mike.
He has his two even more nerdy  X-Files-obsessed friends wait.
He goes.
However   William begins drinking alcohol to fit in.
He drinks enough to make him forget and then an impromptu sing-along to Guns N  Roses  Paradise City causes him to become popular for the evening.
What he was originally doing there.
William begins talking.
Mike apologizes.
William forgives him.
The two seemingly become friends.
Mike takes the blame  saying.
When Mike and William are jailed.
He forced William.
However  the next morning  he tries to thank Mike.
When William sees Mike and some at a local diner.
But Mike acts.
Though he remembers nothing.
William  feeling the sting  leaves dejected.
Mike laughs.
Meanwhile  Preston eventually finds Amanda and confesses his love  however  she assumes and rejects him.
He is another drunk pervert.
She later finds a yearbook  sees his picture  and realizes her mistake.
She tries to find Preston again.
He has already driven home.
The next morning  Preston is  about to leave.
Amanda visits Preston and asks him about the letter.
Preston confesses.
He wrote it and that he is about to depart.
The two regretfully say their goodbyes  but soon.
Preston stops and runs back.
They kiss.
The characters  fates are revealed  Seven hours later  Preston finally got to Boston.
The film ends.
Amanda wrote him a letter.
He was away.
They are still together.
The day  Denise and Kenny meet up in a diner  five minutes later  Denise dumped Kenny.
Ten minutes later  they found a bathroom and got back together.
Mike went on but  after drinking too much  lost his football scholarship.
He ended up forty pounds overweight and working  a job.
He lost when incriminating Polaroids surfaced.
William became one at Harvard.
He went on to form his own computer company.
Has made him.
He is dating a supermodel.
William s two nerdy friends were abducted after discussing.
They did not miss anything.
<EOS>
Roujin Z is set during the early 21st century.
A group  under the direction of the Ministry of Public Welfare  have developed the Z-001  a computerized hospital bed with robotic features.
The Z-001 takes complete care  it can dispense food and medicine  remove excretory waste  bathe and exercise the patient lying within its frame.
The bed is driven.
The bed would become automatically sealed in concrete.
Haruko s fears are then justified.
It discovered that the bed is actually a government-designed  experimental weapons robot.
<EOS>
Ernest takes a job.
He soon seeks to join his co-workers  basketball team  Clean Sweep.
They compete.
He is reluctantly accepted  but given only a minor role as their cheerleader and mascot.
He is visited by an angel  played by basketball legend Kareem Abdul-Jabbar  and given a pair of magic shoes  but is warned  Do nt misuse the shoes.
Ernest is given an opportunity to play.
When an injury leaves the team desperate for a replacement.
He discovers.
The supernatural shoes have imbued him to fly.
Armed  he leads the team to a series of victories leading ultimately to a showdown with the NBA s Charlotte Hornets.
Clean Sweep earns the right to play an exhibition contest against the Hornets  but suffers turmoil as Ernest s teammates soon grow weary of his ball-hogging antics.
The team does nothing but sit around  Ernest decides to let the team do the work and get rid  but Ernest is needed again.
Scores the game-winning point and the members get drafted into the NBA.
<EOS>
Wealthy heiress Joanna Stayton is accustomed.
Joanna passes the time.
When their yacht gets stuck.
Dean puts up  only to have her refuse to pay him.
She dislikes the type he used.
She shoves him.
When he demands payment.
That night  Joanna falls overboard.
Searching on deck  develops amnesia  is rescued by a garbage scow and taken to the local hospital.
Grant goes to get her.
He denies knowing her and returns to the yacht as a bachelor to embark on a spree of parties with younger women.
Dean  a widower living in redneck clutter with four young sons  decides to seek his revenge and remedy his own domestic problems by taking advantage of the situation.
He goes  tells Joanna.
She is Annie  his wife and the mother of his sons.
He convinces the staff by revealing a small birthmark on her behind.
He saw when she was wearing a revealing swimsuit.
Unwillingly convinced  she goes to his home.
Joanna has difficulty dealing with Dean s boys and the heavy load of chores  including cooking raw food  doing laundry in a tub  caring for pets  housekeeping and only being able to sleep on the couch.
She soon adapts as a housewife and begins to fall in love with Dean and his children.
Dean is secretly working two jobs and Joanna handles the boys  school issues  family issues and money challenges.
Seeing Dean struggle  she uses her untapped knowledge to draw up plans for a miniature golf course based on their shared designs.
He fails to come clean.
Dean has also fallen with Joanna.
She would leave them.
A friend  Billy Pratt  says.
When he tries to come clean when she discovers a pair from her former life which cause her to think he s having an affair.
They belonged to get Dean off the hook.
Meanwhile  giving  Grant reluctantly returns to Elk Cove to retrieve his wife.
Joanna s memory returns upon seeing him.
She is shocked and hurt.
When she realizes that Dean has been using her.
She returns to the yacht.
Where her mother and Dr Korman  the family s bumbling psychiatrist  are waiting.
Joanna finds her old life stuffy and pretentious.
Joanna turns to Andrew  her loyal butler and apologizes for her poor treatment of him after all the things.
He had done in the past.
Realizing  she commandeers the yacht and turns back.
How happy she was and how selfish and spoiled she was in her former life.
Delusions kick in.
When the neurotic and selfish Grant finds out.
He accuses his wife  admits himself.
He never loved her and commandeers the ship.
Meanwhile  Dean and the boys go to get Joanna back.
Joanna and Dean both jump overboard and are reunited.
When they catch up.
An incensed Grant actually attempts to shoot her  accusing her of mutiny for jumping ship  only to be unceremoniously booted over the side and into the water by Andrew.
Who then promptly gives his notice.
Safely  Joanna  having left and unofficially divorced Grant  reveals to Dean.
The yacht and the money are actually hers  not Grant s.
Hours later  while the boys are making out their Christmas lists  Dean asks Joanna  What could I possibly give you that you do nt already have.
<EOS>
Late one night.
Fred Matthews and Officer Lynn Donahue arrest pusher Jerome Lake.
Who is carrying two pounds.
They are ambushed.
Who kill Matthews and wound Donahue  then shoot and kill Lake after he tosses the briefcase containing the heroin.
Unable to recover the drugs  the criminals retreat  and the next day  the case is found.
Other police cars arrive.
He delivers groceries.
Ves takes the case.
Where he and his pals  would-be artist Jim Bowers and bodybuilder Nick Raymond  hang out.
The canister containing the heroin is labeled face powder  the young men assume and throw the can away.
The powder is worthless.
Jim keeps some.
The boys pawn the briefcase.
The next day  Jim takes the samples and proposes to her.
Kathy demurs  telling him.
She wants things to be nice when she gets married and is afraid that he will be unable to support them.
Jim then sees a newspaper headline and rushes to tell Nick and Ves.
Ves had already tossed the canister.
Has since been picked up to the city dump.
They find it and return to the store.
Where they debate the ethics.
Nick convinces Jim and Ves.
The potential profits are worth it  and takes them to meet Danny  a heroin addict.
Meanwhile  the police and the mob are searching  using every contact.
They have.
Danny is thrilled and agrees to sell it for them.
When they tell him that they can supply him as he can sell.
The police grow frustrated.
Stan speculates.
Allen is attempting to move in and might have the drugs.
The three friends are awed.
Danny gets.
Jim buys a bracelet.
Nick and Ves spend a day shopping.
Jim is surprised.
When he explains where he got the money.
She upbraids him.
He protests.
Kathy storms away.
Jim then goes to make a delivery and asks him.
What taking heroin is like.
Danny relates.
He first sampled the drug with his friends but then quickly got addicted.
Danny describes having kicked the drug cold turkey after being arrested  then relates.
He has gone three times because he keeps succumbing to his addiction.
Deeply moved  Jim grows even more reluctant to continue selling.
The police obtain their first break.
When Alber contacts them.
He recalls.
Alber did not record the young men s names.
One was named Nick and worked.
Lenny and Mitch learn.
Danny has been selling small but steady amounts.
Jim confronts Ves and Nick  telling them.
He wants out completely  even though they offer to keep giving him his share of the proceeds.
Jim wants to give the drugs  but acquiesces.
When his friends protest.
Danny is brutally questioned at his shack.
The boys leave.
Later that night  Nick leaves the bowling alley to collect the day s earnings.
He  too  is beaten.
Ves goes and is also captured by Mitch and Lenny.
When Nick s date becomes impatient.
Who force him to call Jim.
Jim insists.
Ves begs Jim to bring the rest to Danny s.
He is going to turn them over.
Mitch and Lenny then take Ves  arriving.
After Jim has retrieved the canister.
Ves shouts a warning to run.
The gangsters pursue him.
Jim climbs a tower.
Ves then telephones the police.
Mitch begins to climb.
When Lenny can not reach Jim.
The young man pours the heroin.
The police soon arrive and capture Lenny  then shoot Mitch.
Who falls.
He is told.
Jim climbs down.
Nick is.
The two young men are then arrested and led off to face the consequences.
<EOS>
A Primal Park security guard on break chases a piece of paper into a locked restricted area.
Suddenly a sabre-tooth cat appears and tears him apart  killing him.
Niles sends Alan off to perform an inspection.
He waits to arrive.
Grant arrives  teasing Niles about his failures.
Niles takes them up.
Where other potential investors are waiting.
They get a code orange on Gate.
Savannah and Sundip ignore it.
Alan insists.
Five students fly.
Niles greets the five students and takes them up to get checked in.
Back  Savannah greets him wearing nothing but her underwear and a pair of handcuffs.
Leads. 
Alan arrives and discovers.
It really is a code orange.
He calls Sundip to tell him  then goes in further and finds the dead guard.
Suddenly one jumps out of the bushes and kills him.
Sundip radios Savannah to let her know.
Robbie and Kirk arrive to look for their items and break into the building.
The girls follow them.
Savannah arrives and learns.
The cats have not returned for feeding.
Niles does his presentation  a five-star resort  amusement park  and zoo.
Afterwords  Niles goes around and individually meets the investors.
Savannah recommends shutting down the park.
Niles refuses.
He orders back.
Her to get the cats.
Kirk and Robbie set off an alarm.
Trying to get  forcing them to hide.
The girls meet up  then Robbie and Alys go off to try to disable the alarms.
Robbie and Alys hijack the computer system to turn off the cameras.
Also turns off the electrical fencing and opens the gates.
Sundip arrives  finds the remains of the dead guard and Alan and tries to call Savannah.
The system shut down prevents the radios.
He decides.
He fires by accident  thinking  the sabretooth then jumps from behind and kills Sundip with a bite to the neck.
It was the cat.
Back  the group splits up to find their objects.
Savannah and Brian discover.
The power is out and that the cats have free run.
Brian meets up.
Where Sachariah lets him know he was able to get the cats back.
Sachariah warns Brian and have died.
They are walking around.
Three men have been with Savannah.
Robbie and Alys find.
The cotton candy machine bowl he needs while searching outside the shopping center.
Back inside  Savannah and Brian discover.
They can not get the system back up.
Niles shows Grant a video showing the over view.
Zoo then leads the investors off.
Kirk gets.
Where he finds the shell he needs.
Collette and Alaina go.
He leaves and finds the ceremonial spear Alaina needs.
They girls and Robbie meet up  but get split up again.
When they run.
Brian goes to check the main switch board  almost running.
The pair ends up.
Where they find an incubator and sabretooth fetuses.
Alaina gets disgusted and leaves  going back out.
The male sabretooth appears.
The sabretooth pounces onto her and rips her head off.
Robbie hears her screaming and runs to help  arriving to have the cat throw her head at him and spray him with blood.
Robbie runs back.
Kirk runs.
Sachariah tells Savannah.
The cats are lose due.
She plans to kill the cats.
Brian finds Alys and Collette.
They manage to get away.
They run and find her head.
Brian catches up and learns.
There are two more kids to find.
Grant plans to leave.
Autumn says.
She s feeling ill so Niles takes them.
Back  Niles reveals to Grant  a mated pair of nearly 800 lbs sabretooth cats.
What the zoo will feature.
Then Niles reveals.
He wo nt let Grant have any investment.
Grant says.
He does nt believe he really has the cats  then waits to leave so Autumn can crack the safe and steal Nile s research patents and data.
Brian and the girls arrive and find Robbie.
Savannah is finally able to reach Brian.
The transmissions are too garbled.
Them to understand each other.
He tries to lead the students.
They run.
Who begins to growl.
Brian hides the students.
He then opens some flammable gas containers  he throws a lighter into the room  resulting in an explosion.
Kills the sabretooth.
Brian lets  and continues leading them.
The students know there is another  larger male out there.
Kirk and Sharona go back.
Where he found the shell to make out.
The male sabretooth appears and kills Sharona.
Kirk gets away and runs off.
Brian and the kids run.
Who lets them know that they actually bred three cats  not two.
The third one   is a 1 ton animal.
Niles had kept secret.
Can only move around.
He also explains  so they ca nt keep down much food and have to kill and eat constantly.
All three cats are bulimic.
Savannah goes back again and tells Niles about the dead girl and.
She thinks the cat is headed.
Niles blows off the kid s death.
He can pay off.
Back  Robbie lets.
Sachariah know that he s the one who put the virus and says he can restore the system if they can get back to the control center.
Meanwhile  Brian goes to talk and lets.
Him know one cat is dead and asks where Savannah is.
Niles orders him to find the cats and keep them safe.
Brian refuses and tells him its over.
Kirk is killed.
Whose has climbed up pipes.
Brian hears him scream  but is too late.
The cat throws the head down.
Brian manages to shoot it.
It runs off.
Sachariah gets the kids.
Where they search while Sachariah watches at the door as the cat closes in on them.
Sachariah goes out.
Robbie restores the backup.
The lights come on just.
Savannah comes back  and announces.
Everyone needs to go back because some dangerous animals are lose.
Grant and Autumn  lost  walk past one of the cats.
It knocks Grant s head off.
Autumn does nt notice and keeps walking.
Brian finds a blood trail and follows it.
Savannah  coming in  finds the deformed cat.
She starts to shoot it.
Niles jumps and starts to strangle her.
Then he notices  barely making it out.
The deformed cat is coming  and runs.
The huge cat bangs.
Falls down and spears Niles.
Savannah shoots the deformed cat.
As Brian arrives.
He lets.
Her know he shot the other cat and that it probably crawled off to die.
They get the students and leave.
The male cat kills Autumn.
<EOS>
Scatterbrained five-pack-a-day chain smoker and clairvoyant Daisy Gamble attends.
A class taught in kicking her habit.
It is discovered.
Undergoing hypnosis.
She is the reincarnation.
She acquired the paternity records.
Where her mother worked and used the information to blackmail their wealthy fathers.
She eventually married nobleman Robert Tentrees  then was tried for espionage and treason.
He abandoned her.
Complications arise.
Daisy begins to fall.
His university colleagues demand he either give up his reincarnation research or resign his position.
Daisy accidentally hears a tape recording of her sessions.
Waiting. 
She storms out.
When she discovers Chabot s interest is limited.
She describes fourteen additional lives.
When she finally returns.
<EOS>
Set  Great Moments in Aviation follows Gabriel Angel  a young Caribbean woman from Grenada.
Who embarks with the intention of becoming an aviator.
Gabriel finds herself assigned shared sleeping quarters with fellow passenger Duncan Stewart.
The rest assume.
The two are married.
Duncan fosters the assumption to maintain his cover.
When Professor Rex Goodyear appears to recognise Duncan.
It transpires.
Duncan is a forger  who many years ago stole a Titian painting and had an affair with his wife.
Goodyear believes  and leads Gabriel to believe.
His painting is.
Duncan was responsible.
She is furious for lying to her.
The two go on to reconcile and later make love.
Their romance is complicated.
Gabriel professes to have a husband waiting in England.
She explains.
He has been there working.
She is joining him.
That she can fulfil her lifelong dream.
They begin a relationship nonetheless  supported.
Who also come to realise that they have feelings.
They each confess.
It comes to light.
Duncan fought.
Duncan returns his painting  and goes on to burn all his forged documents and papers.
She confesses.
Her marriage is over.
She and Duncan resolve to begin a life together.
The film ends  and are expecting a child.
Gabriel and Duncan are happy together.
Gabriel flies overhead  having finally attained her pilot licence and become an aviator.
The family express their delight.
<EOS>
Alison Kirbe is a young London girl she has inherited a Texas ranch.
Who has just found out.
She had befriended.
Mistakenly assuming  she crosses the Atlantic Ocean.
She is now the owner.
She meets Terence Keath  a fellow passenger heavily in debt to casino owner Lucky Reilly.
To pay off his debts  he attempts to marry rich and starts to seduce Alison.
He thinks she is a wealthy heiress.
Another person is Jeremy Taylor  a millionaire bachelor.
Who is attracted.
Who is accompanied.
The following days she enjoys the attention  but rejects them all.
She is receiving.
She feels most attracted.
He mistakenly confronts her.
Trying to hurt Matthew  she borrows money and buys an expensive present for Jeremy  while posing as a wealthy heiress.
Alison decides to stay in New York for a week before traveling to Texas.
Matthew  meanwhile  tries to find more information.
She has inherited.
Makes him suspect her.
Matthew confronts Alison.
Where she is gambling.
He soon apologizes  however.
They kiss not much later.
Terence and Jeremy   are shocked.
Who are witnesses.
She prefers a pennyless attorney.
The next day  Matthew finds out Alison s ranch and confronts her.
Is not worth anything.
Alison bursts out  mad at Matthew for turning an honest and good-hearted inheritance into a supposed scheme.
That night  Alison finds out and tries to help him out by offering Reilly to pay off Terence s debts.
It proves unnecessary  though.
Jeremy is prepared to pay.
Afterwards  the three men rush.
Where they propose to Alison all.
Alison enthusiastically accepts Matthew s proposal and the other men soon move on  hitting.
<EOS>
The film examines a number and their lives in the Mesa.
One resident builds a home.
An alcoholic Gulf War veteran loses custody to his estranged wife in Connecticut.
Another veteran struggles and chooses to remain in the Mesa rather than accept treatment.
An elderly pig farmer takes.
Who leaves the community and later returns pregnant.
A group.
Whom the residents call the Nowhere Kids.
The community pulls together to resolve the situation peacefully.
The Nowhere Kids are allowed to remain.
<EOS>
Spanky attempts to hide and avoid going to school.
Where he is being forced to participate.
Alfalfa tries to talk him out.
Truant officer Smithers happens along to personally usher both children to school himself.
Meanwhile  a husband and wife midget pair walk out.
They disguise themselves.
Smithers mistakes them and takes them to school.
The kids trudge through their Arbor Day recitals and songs.
Alfalfa contributes a squeaky rendition.
They contribute a shimmy routine.
When the midgets-in-disguise offer to join.
Shocks the entire audience.
The circus proprietor turns up to apprehend the two midgets  and see a good show sometime.
Who  as they are carried away back  call out to the recital audience Come by.
<EOS>
Fernando Galindo  a bank clerk  persuades his colleagues to rob the bank.
Where they work.
They decide to fake a robbery similar.
The plan fails.
A band burst into the bank the same day they had planned to carry out their raid.
<EOS>
The plot is concerned.
Of whom are gay men  the other two a traditional lesbian couple.
The plot is spliced to the plot.
It mainly follows a linear structure.
Araki has constructed the film.
Is described.
The film details the lives and romances  before ultimately culminating at a climax.
Which there is an epilogue-like reaction of the characters before the film ends.
The blue font credits appear.
<EOS>
Oswald and the girl beagle are  dancing on a wooden platform.
All pulls it right under their feet  much to their surprise.
The pit bull pretends to apologize but snaps a rat trap at the rabbit s hand instead.
The annoyed Oswald quickly takes her and walks out.
When the large dog flirts.
Oswald and his date went to order ice cream sodas.
The pit bull shows up again  takes Oswald s drink  and consumes it.
The girl beagle did nt drink hers but instead pours the stuff without the latter noticing.
The two little tourists immediately moved.
The big dog puts and gets covered in a creamy mess.
Oswald and the girl beagle decide to have a ride.
They then selected a bizarre one operated.
The girl beagle was first to go.
The marsupial launches her high where she lands and slides onto a series of animals.
However  she was nabbed by the pit bull.
Oswald comes by picking up a bow and shooting arrows at the pit bull s back.
The large dog drops the girl beagle and sets sights on the rabbit.
Running  Oswald climbs and crawls through a small hole in the fence.
The large dog attempts to get  only to get stucked.
The rabbit then draws a picture  attracting a stray cat and then a hound.
Both of which went.
Eventually  the pit bull was able to get out and continues pursuing Oswald.
Oswald  still  enters a gate to the backyard of a house.
The pit bull peeks through one of the windows.
Oswald appears from a distance and throws a stick at the other window  breaking the glass.
His pursuer is still looking in.
The disturbed homeowner then opens the door  therefore smashing the pit bull between it and the front wall.
Oswald comes and writes a welcome message on the flattened dog before placing the latter in front of the door.
The girl beagle then shows up  happily calling Oswald.
She and the rabbit went to celebrate things.
<EOS>
Jack McKee and Cecil Colson are a couple.
Jack has turned his back.
Cecil is a Native American.
Who is a sharpshooter.
Together  more out  they have begun rustling cattle  cutting them up with a chainsaw and paying bills with fresh meat in lieu of cash.
Equally bored are wealthy Montana rancher John Brown and his wife  Cora.
They once ran a beauty parlor.
Now they have bought up most in this corner of Montana.
Cora is so bored.
She tries to catch the eye.
She ca nt seem to work up much interest.
The rustling lights a fire under Brown.
Who sends Burt and Curt up.
Jack and Cecil continue to single  even kidnapping his $ 50000 prize bull  Basehart of Bozeman  for ransom.
Brown decides to call  said to be the scourge of rustlers everywhere.
A legendary stock detective turns out to be a feeble old fool.
Who once served time for rustling  Beige.
Who does nt seem to be interested except watching TV and being waited on hand and foot by his niece  Laura  who is almost sickeningly sweet.
Jack and Cecil are feeling cocky  so much so.
When Burt and Curt figure out that they must be the rustlers  Jack and Cecil bribe them to steal a semi-truck full of John Brown s cattle.
Curt  however  has fallen head with the luscious Laura.
Though she still mistakenly calls him Burt.
She is nowhere near as innocent.
She seems  as she proves.
Burt intends to use his rustling profits to take an expensive vacation.
Curt has chosen to propose marriage.
Henry Beige s ineptitude and uninterest is infuriating to Brown.
Who angrily fires him.
A distressed Laura explains  unable to marry Curt.
She needs to take care and therefore will be leaving with him.
Curt decides to help Henry catch the rustlers instead.
Henry proceeds to do.
That  making a show before the town s citizens.
Burt and Curt are also arrested  Curt coming to realize.
Laura s sweetness and love was all an act.
Henry Beige comes to say goodbye  nonchalantly accepting his payment.
He says he s now simply for the sport.
Brown can see now.
Henry is shrewd  not doddering at all.
Laura is a sexy  all-business woman  not innocent.
Jack and Cecil end up sent at Deer Lodge  presumably the same prison.
Where Henry Beige served time.
They spend their days  seemingly no more or less bored.
They had been before.
The final scene shows the two rustlers riding.
<EOS>
The film commences in the small town of Kings Row  focusing on five children.
They are Parris Mitchell   Cassandra Tower  daughter  the wealthy orphan Drake McHugh  Louise Gordon  daughter of the sadistic town physician Dr Henry Gordon   and the tomboy Randy Monaghan.
Who lives.
Who has been known to perform operations.
Whose father is a railroad worker.
Parris is attracted.
Whom the other children avoid because her family is strange.
Dr Tower takes Cassie.
Parris does not see her again.
Years later.
When he begins his medical studies.
The next day  Parris learns and has left his estate.
Dr Tower has poisoned Cassie and shot himself.
He learns.
He killed Cassie because he believed he saw early signs that she might go insane.
He wanted to prevent Parris.
As Tower s life had been ruined.
Parris returns and decides to remain there   leaving the town with no doctor.
When he learns that Dr Gordon has died.
Louise reveals.
Her father amputated Drake s legs  unnecessarily  because he hated Drake and thought it was his duty to punish wickedness.
Parris to withhold the truth from Drake  fearing it will destroy his fragile recovery.
He considers confining Louise.
Though she is not insane  to prevent the truth.
But instead  persuaded to treat Drake like any other patient rather than his best friend  he tells Drake.
What happened.
Drake reacts and summons a renewed will to live instead of the deep clinical depression.
Parris had feared.
Parris is now free to marry Elise  having helped his old friend return.
<EOS>
The story begins at ten years old and dreading the school ski trip.
Nicolas was worried.
He would nt fit in.
His overprotective father decides to take Nicolas instead of going with the group.
En route  Nicolas and his father pass the aftermath.
Nicolas  father becomes nervous and conceals all loose items.
Seeing police ahead while the traffic had stopped.
We see.
Nicolas  travel bag is next.
Nicolas subsequently forgets his bag  increasing his awkwardness.
He is befriended.
One is wetting his bed.
The situation gets worse.
When he gets a bed just.
Nicolas tries to stay awake but falls asleep  waking up from a wet dream but believing.
He has wet his pants.
He leaves his bed.
To clean his clothes and while returning he discovers it snowing outside.
Nicolas goes outside and ends up locked out.
Curls up inside the car of his ski instructor  Patrick.
He sees a van driving away.
He drifts off to sleep.
He is found by Patrick and is taken in to a study with a fever.
Later that day he goes.
The other boys are skiing.
Police come looking.
Who is missing.
That night while sleeping he has a nightmare.
He dreams.
He is and that he goes on a giant caterpillar while his little brother is looked after by another seemingly friendly man.
He sees his brother being walked by the stranger.
He is.
Later he is found after having one of his organs taken.
The dream is poignant.
Nicolas  months before  had not been allowed to go because it would have meant leaving one of the brothers with a stranger.
Nicolas  father explained.
What sometimes happens when their parents lose sight of them.
Nicolas finds and possibly abused children.
His father was not as he had day dreamed  but rather that his father was a monster.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
The film is a morality story.
The film included scenes of seduction and debauchery.
Made it the subject.
The film s plot centers at the Frivolity Theater.
The film opens.
Overman is watching Renault perform her seductive Spider Dance.
Renault comes.
<EOS>
A foreign Intelligence agency chief Shtampf is suffering from a toothache.
So he develops a plan.
He finds out that a wonderful dentist s chair was invented.
Part 2 tells the story.
Who can not pay the restaurant bill.
He have to organize the dentist s chair  destruction.
<EOS>
Maria Nicolasa Cruz is encouraged by her cousin Eufemia.
Who has found work  to migrate to Mexico City for a better life.
However  she is robbed as soon.
She gets out  and is homeless.
But she soon finds help.
Who makes an announcement  where Eufemia soon goes after to pick her up.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
Who has been killed.
A Trailer Finds Its Way Online  Bart finds himself anything but at rest.
Though his friends and girlfriend Janet attend his funeral.
Trailer Enlisting the help of his best friend  Joey Leubner  Bart begins to understand and learn.
To deal.
Bart needs blood to hold back decomposition and that he returns during daylight hours.
Joey does research online to find out.
What Bart is and seems to be stuck  finally stating that Bart is a Revenant.
Vigilantes. 
Buying beer become.
When Bart both kills and feeds off.
They enjoy the media coverage.
Joey asks Bart to bestow him.
Bart refuses to do so and laughs the idea off.
However.
Joey is fatally wounded  Bart is forced to drink Joey s blood.
Order to save him.
The two continue their vigilante killing spree.
Mathilda  a friend who dislikes both Bart and Joey  follows them and threatens to reveal their activities to the world  especially Janet.
Joey shoots Mathilda.
She is able to send the information.
She dies.
Fearing  Joey tells Bart to meet him back mysteriously.
They will be caught.
Bart meets a teary Janet.
Who forces him to explain the fact that he requires blood to stay stable.
She then begs him to feed off instead.
That he will no longer need to kill.
Bart loses control and drains her.
She dies.
Joey returns to use  and suggests.
They go to continue their reign.
However   the two begin to fight  and proceed to shoot each other repeatedly.
Bart shows him Janet s corpse.
Joey storms out and states.
He will continue alone.
Bart decapitates Janet drops.
Her remains.
Bart is captured and taken to jail.
Where  come dawn  he collapses.
Bart reawakens in the morgue and escapes  returning to the apartment.
Inside is a package containing Joey s severed head.
Joey is still alive.
He was decapitated.
Bart uses a vibrating dildo to enable Joey s head to talk.
Joey warns Bart.
A gangbanger who was their first kill is  and then requests that Bart kill him for good.
Bart crushes Joey s head.
Then tries to find a way to kill himself.
A bullet through the brain does not have the desired effect.
Neither does hanging himself.
He even throws himself  but only succeeds in severing his arm.
Bart then boards a train.
Where he finds and reads a letter left at his funeral by Janet.
He breaks down and attacks the only other passenger.
He is caught and flees.
Where more SWAT teams attempt to catch him.
He finally escapes.
He is being surrounded.
The film then cuts.
Where various military personnel are being shown revenants  including Bart.
A General asks Bart.
He was a soldier  and then states that this fact may give him an advantage.
Bart is then shown.
Where the canister opens  releasing him on the country.
<EOS>
The action centres firstly a homosexual murder investigation involving one of the central characters and his relationship with his girlfriend.
The second narrative involves a gay punk and a soul boy.
Is the source as they face double prejudice of racism and homophobia.
Ultimately  The film is a love story.
Could be seen.
<EOS>
The film has a non-linear construction.
The title character is a young San Francisco socialite married.
She finagles a meeting.
Whom she first saw.
Whom she became smitten as he treated an injured Mexican boy.
Bollen is  is sifting through new relationships with his ex  the new man in her life  his sons  and friends only as one-half of a couple.
Who knew him.
The two soon embark.
<EOS>
A story raised by their mother.
Their father was murdered.
Dharam grows up to be a farmer.
His father and Jeet joins the police.
Their sister Radha looks.
Dharam kills the person responsible.
When their sister is attacked.
Meanwhile two almost identical sisters knows.
Are showing interest.
Who they are.
<EOS>
James Rainwood is a model citizen.
He is happily married  has a modest home in Long Beach  California  works as an engineer for American Airlines  drives a classic Pontiac Trans Am  pays his bills  and enjoys his ordinary life.
Detectives Mike Parnell and Danny Scaliese are two corrupt cops.
Who specialize.
They always steal a portion for their own use or for resale to other dealers.
Parnell takes down the address incorrectly for his next drug bust.
Instead  they break.
Parnell shoots him  thinking.
When Rainwood walks out.
It s a weapon.
They frame Jimmie.
Order to cover up their mistake.
He receives a 6 year prison sentence.
Jimmie is less than well versed  something demonstrated.
When he first witnesses a man get stabbed and set on fire.
A vicious prisoner named Jingles and his gang  the Black Guerrilla Family take an interest in Jimmie.
Jimmie comes to realize.
All the rumblings is his only recourse.
A plexiglas shank is fashioned for Jimmie.
He stabs Jingles  and ends up spending three months in a windowless  subterranean solitary confinement.
The guards are unable to prove Jimmie did the job.
Jimmie is received as a minor hero.
He sets out to seek revenge on the detectives.
Who framed him.
Malcolm  another ex-con Jimmie befriended  assists Rainwood in his cause  along with Jimmie s wife Kate  and Parnell s involvement in the.
Who learns.
When they begin to harass her.
An Internal Affairs detective  John Fitzgerald  becomes involved.
Kate tells him.
Parnell makes the mistake to find the truth.
The harassment escalates.
They get closer.
The movie s climax is a showdown and shootout.
Leaves Scalise dead.
Kate speaks up.
Jimmie is about to kill Parnell.
Jimmie throws Parnell  leaving him to his soon-to-be-former colleagues.
The movie ends in the general prison population  and spotted from a distance by Virgil.
Who openly addresses him  drawing the attention of the other inmates.
Parnell looks up.
Where Virgil is standing  his face frozen.
Ai nt life a motherfucker.
The movie ends showing the epilogue of Jimmie Rainwood s life  working again for American Airlines  finally getting his life back.
<EOS>
Dora divides her time  her policeman husband Antonio  and her involvement in left-wing politics.
The deus ex-machina  Nelson  an unstable kid  makes.
Them realize that what they have is more valuable than what they reject from the past and desire for the future.
<EOS>
Edward Bloom tells the same tale  on the day Will was born  he was out catching an enormous uncatchable fish  using his wedding ring as bait.
He s told many times.
Will is annoyed  explaining.
Because his father never told the straight truth  he felt unable to trust him.
He is troubled to think.
He might have a similarly difficult relationship.
Will s relationship becomes so strained.
They do not talk.
But  Will and the now pregnant Josephine return.
When his father s health starts to fail.
Will recalls his father s tale of.
He braved a swamp  and met a witch who showed him his death in her glass eye.
Edward knew.
There were no odds he could not face.
Edward continues telling tall tales  claiming.
He spent three years confined because his body was growing too fast.
He became a successful sports player  but found the town too small for his ambition  and set off with the misunderstood giant Karl.
Edward discovers the hidden town.
Where everyone is friendly.
Edward leaves.
He does not want to settle anywhere yet  but promises that he will return.
Karl and Edward begin working  Edward works without pay.
He has been promised that each month he will learn something new about a girl he fell in love with.
Three years later  having only learned trivia  Edward discovers Amos is a werewolf.
Amos tells Edward.
She studies.
Edward learns Sandra is engaged.
Whom Edward always overshadowed.
Sandra makes.
Edward promise not to fight Don.
Don beats Edward.
When he learns.
This only disgusts Sandra.
Edward later reveals.
Don died at an early age.
Edward is conscripted by the army and sent to the Korean War.
He parachutes entertaining North Korean troops  steals important documents  and convinces Siamese twin dancers Ping and Jing to help him get back to the United States.
Where he will make them stars.
He is unable to contact anyone.
The military declares him dead.
This limits Edward s job options  so he becomes a traveling salesman.
When he does return home.
Meeting the poet Norther Winslow again  he unwittingly helps.
Him rob a bank  which is already bankrupt.
Edward suggests Winslow work  and Winslow thanks Edward for his advice by sending him $.
He uses to buy a dream house.
Still unimpressed  Will demands to know the truth.
Edward explains  a storyteller.
Is who he is.
Will finds Spectre  and meets an older Jenny.
Who explains that Edward rescued the town by buying it at an auction and rebuilding it with financial help from many of his previous acquaintances.
Will suggests.
His father had been having an affair than Sandra.
He is informed.
When Will returns home.
His father had a stroke and is.
He goes to visit him there and finds him only partly conscious  and unable to speak.
He asks Will to tell him the story.
Edward can no longer tell stories.
It all ends.
Where everyone appears to bid him goodbye.
Will carries his father.
Where he becomes what he always had been  a very big fish.
Edward then dies  knowing.
His son finally understands his love.
Will sees many of his father s more unusual friends  including Amos  Karl  Ping and Jing  and Norther Winslow.
Will realizes.
His father s stories were true  only exaggerated  making Karl a giant and making Ping and Jing conjoined when they are merely twins.
Will passes  remarking.
When his own son is born.
His father became his stories  allowing him to live forever.
<EOS>
An elite group led by Mack  are sent by a CIA agent named Elissa Cardell to rescue a scientist named Wesley  and is Cardell s father  in the Middle Eastern desert.
Who is working.
They encounter a priest.
When they enter the dig site  which is a large underground laboratory.
Who has strange boils.
The team s medic  Doc sedates the priest.
Click uses the dig sites terminal to activate the elevator and notices something codenamed the Gehenna Project and asks Cardell.
She denies knowing.
Mack orders Nickels to stay and watch the priest.
The rest takes the elevator deeper into the dig site.
They encounter.
When they exit the elevator.
A scientist named Duncan who has strange boils.
Duncan attacks Hammer but is shot by Mack.
Doc has a hallucination.
Treating Duncan s wound.
Duncan and Doc disappear.
The team uses Doc s tracking device to follow.
The team splits up.
Yoshi follows a hallucination and Hicks s unborn daughter.
The team runs.
Who is trying to open the door.
Duncan yells to salvation.
Mack shoots him.
Strangely does nt kill him.
When the entire team shoots him.
The door is opened from the inside revealing a priest named.
He agrees to take them there.
The team notices.
She tells the team.
When they find her.
Fulton explains  Mack then duct.
The possessed use visions.
Tapes Fulton s mouth shut.
Nickels hallucinates a nude woman.
He is attacked  Nickels fights back with a knife but has his arm broken.
The priest spits a dark fluid  then drags him away.
Click is separated  he is attacked by a possessed obese scientist  Hammer shows up and rescues him   Hammer decides to throws explosives at the group  causing the passage to collapse.
When he tries to help her.
When more possessed start to appear.
Fulton and the team arrive.
Where they learn that the scientists are possessed because they absorbed the spirit of a Nephilim  which is frozen in the temple  to prevent it from escaping.
Fulton explains.
The dig site is one.
Yoshi follows the hallucination.
Who is revealed to be possessed.
She seduces Yoshi and allows her to lick strange  infectious boils  infecting her.
Doc then cuts her back open.
Hicks and Hammer try to find her.
When the team notices that Yoshi is missing.
A possessed Doc attacks Hammer boils  Hicks points his gun at Hammer  Hicks does nt believe him and shoots at Hammer.
Who aims his gun after he notices that she has developed.
Who tries to tell Hicks that Doc is possessed.
Who manages to run away.
Hicks then chases Doc and then finds Yoshi   he tries to help her but she attacks him.
Whose spine is exposed.
Then Doc rips his throat out.
Hammer arrives back.
Fulton realizes.
Cardell activated the Gehenna Project for the elevator alone.
The soldiers only have fifteen minutes.
To get before the explosion.
The door slowly starts closing.
Mack  Cardell  and Click make it out but Hammer gets.
The possessed scientists attacking him.
Fulton is pushed by Doc.
Who then slits his throat.
Mack  Cardell  and Click arrive.
Where they encountered Duncan.
They meet up.
Who is possessed but does nt have the boils.
Doc and Nickel   arrive.
Who is now possessed.
Mack and Click shoot him and a few other possessed.
Who drags him away and kills him.
Mack has a hallucination.
Who Mack was ordered ago.
Mack resists and shoots an explosive barrel next.
Burns him and kills Doc along.
Cardell stands and sets his soul free.
When Mack tells her that they have to leave she refuses saying that her goal was to set her father s soul free.
Mack makes it alone and escapes the dig site seconds before the explosion.
Mack is then picked up and realizes.
He has a new purpose  that he is a new soldier in an ancient war.
<EOS>
The film tells the tragic story.
Who loses her entire family.
She makes a distressing journey to find her brother.
Who had been sent for treatment.
<EOS>
Set  Wes Pennington and his partner Cyril are out to ride a great horse-racing scam for as long.
They can.
They are inveterate gamblers.
Who have joined forces to bilk local bookies.
To stop being caught  fate catches up.
The duo do nt stay  but when they arrive in Tainuia Junction.
Cyril and Wes get involved in uncovering a bootlegging ring  arson  murder  and other dastardly deeds.
The townspeople are  including the Tainuia Kid  a Maori man.
Who believes himself to be a Mexican bandito  who becomes a kind.
<EOS>
The film is focused.
Who is married.
She is currently looking.
Who she wants to get married.
She happens to meet Rahul.
He is studying to be an engineer and is also a Saxena.
Grabbing the opportunity  she offers him a room.
There  Rahul chances to meet Nisha  Rajeshwari s sister.
They fall.
Rahul agrees to marry Nisha.
The wedding celebrations are.
When Yuvraj happens to come.
He has a permanent job and would be getting a house next month.
And he is also a Saxena.
She tricks Rahul to vacate the room.
Yuvraj starts staying.
He meets Nisha and falls.
Now  the wedding plans have altered slightly.
The groom has changed.
He plans to outwit Rajeshwari.
When Rahul finds out.
Yuvraj comes to know the entire thing.
He steps aside and asks Rajeshwari to accept Rahul.
Rajeshwari realises her folly.
Rahul and Nisha wed and go.
<EOS>
Bishop  Q  Raheem and Steel   are four friends growing up.
Who refer as The Wrecking Crew.
They regularly skip school  instead spending their days hanging out  at a neighborhood arcade.
Also a record store.
Where they steal LPs.
Generally  they are harassed daily.
An aggravated Bishop becomes enthralled at the juice and the audacity of crime life.
He boasts  about tiring of the harassment by police  gangs and a local bodega owner and decides.
The group must scheme.
Q  however  is unsure.
He wants to become involved  stating respect is earned.
One Saturday night   the friends decide to rob a local bodega to teach the owner  Fernando Quiles  a lesson.
Q is hesitant to go through  unsure  he also fears.
Whether it will be a success.
It will affect his chances.
He decides to join them.
For no apparent reason  Bishop shoots the owner in the head killing him.
The four gather in an abandoned building.
Where they argue.
Q  Raheem and Steel become angry.
Raheem demands  Bishop resists.
Bishop give the gun.
A struggle ensues  ending.
When Bishop retorts.
Panicked  Bishop  Q and Steel run.
Where Bishop stashes the murder weapon and threatens to kill Q and Steel if they reveal that what has transpired.
Soon thereafter the trio are picked up and questioned.
They are all soon released.
Days later  Q and Steel realize.
Bishop is fracturing  breaking down becoming addicted to the thrill of juice.
They agree to give Bishop as wide a berth as possible.
However   the two see Bishop there.
Attending Raheem s funeral.
Bishop subverts his betrayal  but even goes as far as to find his killer.
Afterwards  Q and Steel are mostly able to avoid Bishop.
He eventually finds them and confronts them one  questioning their loyalty.
One day   Bishop kills their leader Radames.
Bishop wields his newfound ego with authority but rethinks his position.
He begins a plan to frame Q.
Order to cover his tracks.
Fearful resorts to buying a gun of his own for protection.
Meanwhile  Bishop confronts Steel and leads him.
Where he shoots him  suspecting him.
Steel survives the initial attack and is able to make it.
Where he informs Q s girlfriend Yolanda that he has been framed.
Fed up  Q throws his own gun into the river and decides to confront Bishop unarmed  as a man.
Guns have brought him.
That night  Q and Bishop meet nearby.
Where a fist fight ensues.
Q flees and Bishop gives chase  firing wild and shoots Q.
The youth is subsequently chased.
Where he runs.
Bishop follows  firing the gun and is swarmed  losing his weapon in the commotion.
Q stumbles.
Who lures him.
Bishop and Q finally confront each other face to face gaining the upper hand and sucker punching Bishop.
Who falls.
Bishop calls out.
He grabs his hand  struggling to hold.
Tired and wounded  Q loses.
His grip and Bishop falls.
He looks back to see a large crowd.
Q turns to leave.
One looks to Q and says  Yo  you got the juice now  man.
Q stares  shakes his head in disgust and starts off.
<EOS>
Jeff Cairn enlists.
He puts younger sister Nella.
She misses the boarding house.
Where they lived and where old Henry Pecket let her work.
A waitress  Jeff s sweetheart Jenny  agrees to move.
Sara mistakenly believes.
Henry is inviting women.
Jeff is reported to be missing.
The sloop eventually sets out and is caught in a storm.
<EOS>
Kunal  an orphaned boy  discovers.
Cruel life is when he is abandoned.
Left to fend  Kunal soon realizes the hero within and begins his epic journey of adventure and transformation to become Zokkomon.
<EOS>
Anna Karenina is a young and elegant wife.
She is unhappy and lives only.
However   she encounters the handsome Count Alexei Vronsky.
Vronsky is instantly smitten and follows her.
Petersburg  pursuing her shamelessly.
Eventually  Anna surrenders for him and becomes his mistress.
Their relationship soon crumbles.
They are happy together.
She miscarries his child.
Karenin is deeply touched and agrees to forgive her.
However  Anna remains unhappy.
She openly leaves her husband for Count Vronsky.
Using her brother  Anna hopelessly begs her husband for a divorce.
Karenin indignantly refuses and denies her access.
Distraught  Anna grows severely depressed and self medicates with laudanum.
Before long  she is hopelessly addicted.
She has another child.
He is also torn.
Anna becomes certain.
Vronsky is about to leave her and marry a younger woman.
She travels and commits suicide by jumping in front of a train.
Vronsky is emotionally devastated for a ` suicide mission  in the Serbian war against the Turks.
He encounters Konstantin Levin.
Travelling to join his regiment.
Who has married Vronsky s former sweetheart  Princess Kitty Shcherbatsky.
Levin attempts to persuade Vronsky.
Vronsky  however  can only speak.
Anna s body looked.
They separate.
Levin returns.
He writes the events and signs his manuscript  Leo Tolstoy.
<EOS>
David Banner.
One takes an interest in a beautiful woman also riding the train.
When two come onto the commuter subway train after having committed a jewel robbery.
She rejects him.
David witnesses an attempted sexual assault  he transforms into the Hulk.
Things go haywire.
A short while later  David is arrested and wrongfully charged with the crime.
Matt Murdock is assigned.
Awaiting trial  blind defense attorney.
David is uncooperative.
Murdock has faith and is determined to prove so.
He is innocent.
One night  David has a nightmare.
Fast asleep.
Dreams stand.
The stress causes him to transform in reality.
The Hulk subsequently breaks free.
Subsequent events see David Banner team up.
Who reveals his identity.
Matt tells David.
David has trouble accepting.
Daredevil also reveals.
He has an ally who provides him with information relating to criminal activity.
Matt goes to investigate a tip provided by his informant.
The tip turns out to have been planted.
Daredevil is badly hurt by Fisk s men.
David rushes to save Matt.
He is too late to help  becomes angry  and transforms.
The Hulk   smashes in and saves Matt.
Fisk and his men flee.
Matt  traces the Hulk s face.
Who is barely conscious.
He transforms back  thus learning his secret.
A woman  is kidnapped from protective custody.
Who was witness.
She is saved.
Who finds her attractive.
Fisk is also planning a major meeting.
Order to propose the consolidation into a big syndicate with himself as chairman.
David hurt falling down the stairs.
Who is trained  treats Matt s injuries and spreads the cover story that Matt got.
Matt s self-confidence is seriously shaken.
David s confidence has been restored by seeing.
Matt has embraced his unique gifts also caused to radiation.
Matt begins to recover and retrain his body.
Soon enough  the two return to work and go to save the captured woman.
The two engage Fisk and his men and ultimately succeed.
Fisk and his assistant escape and the prisoner is freed.
The two part ways will stay in the city and protect it.
<EOS>
The story is based.
Tara Sasankam  Kolachalam Srinivasa Rao  pp.
.
Tara  the wife successfully seduces his student Sasank.
They had a child.
This results about the fatherhood of the boy.
It goes.
Who express their inability to solve the issue.
Tara herself had to decide.
The child was born.
<EOS>
1609  Shakespeare is struggling to complete his sonnets.
He sees the body and remembers the moment in.
When he learned while rehearsing a play in London.
Returning to Stratford-upon-Avon he was subjected from his shrewish wife Anne for neglecting them by living in the capital.
His son died.
An embarrassing argument John and Anne disrupted the funeral.
John later told him.
The family was.
William agreed to pay off the debt  but to do.
He had to return.
1597  Shakespeare receives a bag for writing the procreation sonnets  to encourage her son  the young William Herbert to marry.
He meets the young aristocrat and becomes strangely attracted.
Herbert says.
He will meet Shakespeare again when he comes.
Disturbed to the youth  Shakespeare gets drunk in a brothel run by his friend George Wilkins.
Wilkins tempts him.
Shakespeare has sex.
Herbert and his young friends meet up with Shakespeare.
They are keen to experience the seedy side  so Shakespeare takes them to Wilkins  brothel.
There they enjoy the pleasures.
Herbert is shocked to see Wilkins help some men to beat up one.
Shakespeare tells.
Him to ignore it and that the girl is being punished.
Shakespeare becomes increasingly close and entranced by him  but discovers.
His rival Ben Jonson is now one.
He also becomes more deeply involved.
Lucie tells him.
She is leaving Wilkins.
She now has her own place paid.
She tells him.
She likes him best.
Later  he visits Herbert s house  but is brushed off.
He realises.
Herbert is avoiding him.
He follows him and discovers.
Lucie has become Herbert s mistress  and that he pays.
Embittered  he writes Measure.
He meets Herbert.
He learns.
Lucie has gone back.
The two part awkwardly.
A new outbreak leads to the closure of the theatres.
Shakespeare  Richard Burbage and William Kempe discuss the options.
However  Shakespeare starts to notice worrying signs on his body.
He returns to Stratford to get a diagnosis and is told.
He does not have the plague.
He does have syphilis.
He writes up his sonnets.
<EOS>
The Creed family moves  close to a road.
Where truckers often drive unsafely.
They befriend their neighbour  Jud Crandall.
Who tells them and is rumored to be haunted.
Later  Louis Creed  working  treats Victor Pascow.
Who has been hit and incurred massive head injuries.
Pascow dies.
He also promises to come.
That night.
What is seemingly a dream.
Louis wakes up to find his feet covered.
Church  a cat owned  is killed by a truck on the road in front of their house.
Rachel  Ellie and Gage are.
Jud takes Louis beyond the pet cemetery.
They visited earlier and buries the cat.
Church is brought back  but is an evil shell of himself.
He attacks Louis and reeks.
Louis asks.
A person was ever buried.
Jud replies  Christ.
Whoever would.
Louis considers burying Gage.
Jud tries to dissuade him.
Who died during World War II.
Timmy s father  Bill  placed his son s corpse  only to have it reanimate and terrify the townsfolk.
Jud and three tried burning down the house with the son in it  but Bill was attacked by Timmy.
They both perished.
Ellie and Rachel travel.
Ellie has had a bad dream.
She begs Louis to go.
He declines.
Louis heads.
Gage is buried in  intending to exhume his son s body.
He is met by Pascow.
Who warns him not to proceed.
Ellie has a nightmare  stating.
Paxcow warned her that Louis is going to do something really bad  and that he is trying to help because Louis tried to save his life.
Rachel   realizes and calls Jud.
Who her daughter is talking about.
Louis does not answer the phone.
She asks she is returning.
He has seen Louis  and then tells him.
Jud warns her not.
She has already hung up.
Louis takes his son s corpse.
Pascow s spirit unsuccessfully tries to stop Louis.
Louis returns home  exhausted.
Gage later arrives and enters his father s room  removing a scalpel.
Gage enters Jud s house and kills Jud.
Church watches.
Rachel arrives home  hearing something.
Sounds. 
Rachel enters Jud s house and finds Gage.
Gage tells her he brought her something and shows her Louis  scalpel.
Rachel hugs her son.
Louis wakes up to find Gage s muddy footprints  his doctor s bag open and his scalpel gone.
He receives a call  Come play with me daddy.
We had an awful good time.
Now I want to play wiff yewww.
Preparing shots  Louis heads to Jud s house  running into Church once more.
He distracts the cat  then kills him with a shot of morphine.
He heads  once more taunted by Gage.
Louis searches the house only to have Rachel s corpse fall.
Gage attacks his father.
Louis injects the boy  killing him.
Louis soaks the house and sets it on fire  carrying his wife s body out.
Pascow watches  and tells Louis  and not to bury Rachel.
He is sorry.
Louis replies.
He waited too long  and that it will work with his wife because she just died.
Louis walks.
Who vanishes screaming.
Louis plays solitaire.
He waits.
Rachel comes through the kitchen door.
She coos Darling.
The two embrace kissing and oozing cranial fluid.
It is revealed that her face is ravaged.
Rachel reaches.
The screen blacks out screams.
<EOS>
Marcus is a quiet young boy.
Who adores his loving mother.
The two live.
A relatively comfortable life is a local drug dealer.
She often has to leave him to be looked.
While she takes care.
But  Marcus heads.
She is brutally murdered.
Forced to live  they themselves having many children too  he finds his life less appealing.
His grandfather works long hours to support the large family.
He enters the drug game himself  buying new clothing and even a gun.
He grows older.
Eventually he abandons high school to sell drugs.
Majestic  however  has plans to become a major drug lord himself.
Years later   he is thrown.
He reunites.
He befriends a fellow inmate named Bama.
Marcus decides to leave the drug trade behind  calling himself Young Caesar   as his manager and producer.
Order to pursue and eventually fulfill his lifelong dream.
The Roman conqueror himself.
Unfortunately  he and his drug crew end up robbing a local shop.
Majestic does nt want to let him go  resulting.
Might have destroyed his life forever.
Marcus is gunned down outside.
Marcus begins preparations to go and begin his walk of becoming a top-notch and real entertainer  donning a bulletproof vest for his protection from his enemies.
He gains the ire of Majestic.
Who comes that he was the one who murdered his mother years earlier.
A fight ensues and leaves Marcus the victor and  finally  leaves Majestic at the hands of his cronies.
Implying Majestic is now dead.
He walks out.
Is confirmed to Bama shooting up Majestic s corpse.
He removes the bulletproof vest  showing.
Marcus steps.
He had.
He was no longer afraid to be who he was meant to be.
<EOS>
Casey Connor is a photographer.
Who is constantly picked on and has a crush.
Delilah s boyfriend  Stan Rosado  quits the school s football team to pursue more academic ambitions.
Angers Delilah and causes her to break up.
Zeke Tyler  a student repeating his senior year  is confronted.
Who sells   a cocaine-like drug of his own make.
Who expresses concern over his illegal activities.
Marybeth Louise Hutchinson  a new girl  attempts to befriend Stokely Stokes Mitchell and develops a crush on Zeke.
Casey notices a strange creature.
Eating lunch.
He takes it.
Where the specimen is examined and believed to be a new species.
Delilah takes Casey.
Where they hide by forcing one of the creatures into her ear.
Casey and Delilah flee and Casey calls the cops.
Principal Drake claims.
Nothing is wrong and that Casey is seeking attention.
The next day  Casey tells the others.
He believes the teachers are being controlled  and goes to show them the creature he found  which is gone.
He gets defensive and attempts to infect them.
When confronting Furlong.
Zeke cuts before taking a pen full of his homemade drugs and injecting it into Furlong s eye  seemingly killing him.
Realizing Casey is right.
Zeke takes everyone to his house.
Where he performs experiments and realizes that it needs water tor survive and can be killed by his drugs because it is a diuretic.
Zeke makes everyone take some.
They re human.
Delilah reveals herself to be infected and destroys Zeke s lab and most before escaping.
Acting  the group returns to the school.
Killing the queen would revert everyone.
Where their football team is playing a game and infecting opposing players.
Believing Principal Drake to be the queen  they isolate her and kill her.
Stan goes outside to see.
It worked  but is infected.
Zeke realizes.
He still has some and goes with Casey to get it.
Casey leads.
Who encounters Ms.
Burke and seemingly kills her.
When he makes his escape.
Casey returns.
Where Marybeth reveals herself to be the queen  having faked taking the test earlier.
Casey and Stokes flee.
Where Stokes is injured and infected.
Zeke and Casey flee.
Where Zeke is knocked out.
Casey takes the drug and tricks the queen.
Where he traps it and stabs the drug.
One month later  everyone has returned.
Stan and Stokes begin dating.
Zeke takes Stan s place.
Casey begins dating Delilah  and has become a local hero.
Meanwhile  Professor Furlong is adjusting with one eye and missing fingers.
<EOS>
It revolves.
For  one man named.
Long as anyone can remember.
Eddie Bowman has won the weekly Wednesday night karaoke competition.
The film follows one fateful night.
Where Eddie battles  Rupert Goldfine to determine who is going to be the next reigning Karaoke King.
<EOS>
Four pathetic narrow minded.
Petty criminals are mistaken while ordered to shadow the philandering girl friend of their crime boss Carlito.
They get hired to accompany Leonore de Segonzac  the heiress of a big asset  on a race through Patagonia and accidentally kill her for the sum of four million dollars.
They are chased.
Are hunted by some UNO blue helmets.
<EOS>
Shiva discovers.
His cousin and bride  Aruna  has run away because she does not want to marry a cook.
But he takes it lightly and moves with the girl s brother to look for a job.
One night  he saves Sandya.
She kisses him.
Shiva starts to fall with Sandya.
Where they bumped.
She too reciprocates his affections.
She announces her engagement to computer engineer  Pratap.
Shiva is devastated and leaves the room quietly.
Sandya finds him standing alone.
She asks him and is shocked.
When Shiva reveals that he loves her.
Sandya declares.
She only feels friendship and tells him to stop loving her.
Shiva goes to the police station and finds Aruna.
She had eloped to be.
However  he later abandoned her and left her penniless.
Aruna attempted suicide.
Shiva takes her back home to take care.
Aruna s brother was still angry and calls up their parents.
Shiva speaks up and gets the family to forgive her.
Aruna meets Pratap and discovers.
Sandya s fiance is actually the lover who abandoned her.
She finally understands.
She loves Shiva and tells her father that she does not want to marry Pratap.
Her father refuses to cancel the wedding and gives Shiva a cheque to get the latter to leave Sandya.
Sandya runs to look for Shiva and confesses to him.
She loves him too.
She wants to elope.
He brings her back.
He calls Pratap and closes the door.
The ceremony starts.
Shiva and Pratap had changed clothes.
When the door reopens.
Shiva is now.
Pratap is.
Shiva marries Sandya.
Night  Shiva reveals to Sandya.
What happened and him in the room.
<EOS>
Lincolnville used to be home.
The city has transformed with a love for technology and extreme sports.
Tony Hawk is kidnapped.
As Tony Hawk s Boom Boom Huckjam ramps up to replace the outdated circus.
Now  a group may be his only hope.
<EOS>
Poor Jews find.
Themselves oppressed.
Rudolph s mistress  the Countess Strada  is rescued by the enamored De Trignac.
Who gets hurt.
De Trignac is taken by his wife Rachel.
It angers Strada.
When Rudolph gets engaged.
Who charms De Trignac to steal Jacob s Golem.
Friedrich  the prefect informs Rudolph of the Golem s disappearance.
Rabbi Jacob is brought to by Rudolph and told  then they will be hung.
Any Jews are found with the Golem s disappearance.
Rachel seeks De Trignac to aid Jacobs escape.
De Trignac offers.
What he claims to be Charlemagne s sword.
Rudolph wanders his palace.
Jacob and De Trignac leave.
Where he meets up.
Rudolph attacks it with his sword and has it chained to the walls of his dungeon.
Rudolph then demands all Jewish leaders be imprisoned and executed.
Rachel had learned previously.
When a beast roars the Golem will awake.
Rachel gets the lions to roar.
People enter the palace to honour Rudolph.
Rachel carves the Hebrew words emet  meaning truth.
Brings the creature.
The Golem snaps his chains and causes panic.
Friedrich and many other are attacked and killed by the golem.
Rudolph escapes the palace.
Jacob erases the first Hebrew word.
Rudolph s benevolent brother Mathias approaches Prague.
Soister .
P. 
<EOS>
Angie is an office worker.
Who lives.
She is pregnant.
She will have the baby  but not Vinnie.
This turns the entire neighborhood upside down and starts her  including a love affair with a man named Noel.
She meets.
Even her best friend Tina has trouble understanding Angie.
<EOS>
Two escaping killers hide out and hold the bartender and clients hostage.
Amongst the patrons are a nervous singer  a boxer  his wife  and manager  an extortionist  a loud thug and his girlfriend  and a small man.
Who can pick people s real as opposed personalities and has no fear.
<EOS>
Lee Yoon-ki s deadpan comedy trails a pair - he s a charismatic romantic.
She s a no-nonsense realist.
Who bump down the road.
Hee-soo is nt the type to say.
What s.
You can tell.
Something is wrong.
Her voice is laced.
When   she tracks down her ex-boyfriend.
I want my money  she says  skipping even the barest.
Byung-woon   looks like a man trapped.
You can guess from the outset.
He does nt have the three and a half million won that he borrowed.
Do nt worry  he tells.
Her  I can get it for you by the end of the day.
Not believing him  but not willing to let him out  she accompanies him for the day.
She gets paid.
He visits various old friends and acquaintances and tries to sweet talk his way.
The pair fall back and slowly come to see each other in a new light.
Both day and debt are whittled down.
<EOS>
Cold and vicious Tony and his more pleasant natured but easily-influenced partner-in-crime Frank hatch a plan.
He leaves the local dog track.
They attack him brutally  then realize.
The case containing the cash is chained.
They bundle him practically unconscious.
They drive.
They come up  but nothing works.
They end up  to the horror of Frank s wife Jean.
Who does not want their criminal activities to be brought.
They manage to free the case  and decide to get rid of him by dousing him in alcohol and dumping him near the local hospital.
Where they assume a passer-by will find him and think he has suffered a drunken fall.
They realize.
They are about to leave the scene.
To retrieve the unconscious Joe again.
Not knowing what else to do  they go back and contact a local back-street quack doctor.
Who takes one look and says he will soon be dead.
Tony and Frank decide to drive through the night to Birmingham and leave the body there.
Where there will be nothing to connect the crime.
They again load Joe and set off on the journey in the rainswept night  with Tony becoming increasingly paranoid.
Every vehicle is on their trail.
They are barely out sees the ghostly wide-open eyes of the supposedly dying Joe staring reproachfully at him in reflection from the back seat.
When Tony looks.
Tony drives the car off the road and down an embankment.
The crash kills him instantly.
Frank  seriously injured  manages to crawl clear of the wreckage.
The police and ambulance services arrive and confirm Tony s death.
The remorse-stricken Frank pleads to see.
They can help the other passenger.
The car explodes.
Anything more can be done.
<EOS>
Alec Ramsay is traveling aboard the steamer Drake off the coast of North Africa.
When he sees a wild black stallion being heavily restrained and forced into a makeshift stable on the ship.
Captivated  he later returns and feeds it.
Some sugar cubes  but is caught.
Later   Alec s father shows him the objects.
He won.
He gives him a pocket knife and a small statue and tells him the story of.
Alexander became Bucephalus  master.
Later that night  he is thrown by the violent rocking of the ship.
Emerging  he finds.
It has caught fire and is sinking.
He sees the black stallion trapped and manages to free him with his knife.
It then jumps overboard.
Alec himself is thrown overboard.
Trying to stay afloat  he swims toward the horse and manages to grab hold of its restraints.
As the ship explodes.
Alec awakens alone.
He is sad and frightened.
Exploring  he comes.
Have become caught.
Once more he manages to free it.
It runs away.
He discovers means to survive.
One morning he awakens to find himself eye.
He is paralyzed.
Suddenly the horse appears and tramples it  saving his life.
It then runs off again.
Alec decides to try to get closer.
He offers him some seaweed.
It struggles.
The act seals the bond between them.
They play together  running and swimming.
Finally he mounts him.
He rides him and the two gallop.
Several attempts to stay on.
One day a Portuguese fishing ship arrives.
Several men row a small boat.
Alec calls out.
They try to take him forcibly off the island.
But it swims out and follows them  and so both of them are taken onto the ship and rescued.
Back home  Alec is given.
A hero s welcome.
He keeps the horse.
He has named The Black.
One morning he runs out the gate.
A garbage man has left open.
Spooked  he flees through the town.
Alec gives chase but finally loses track.
The next day  he meets an elderly horse owner named Snoe.
Who tells him where The Black is.
He finds him.
He vigorously asserts his ownership.
Henry attempts to claim him himself  having spent all night trying to catch him.
But  he realizes.
When he sees the bond.
He really does belong.
Eating breakfast  Alec looks out the window to.
Where The Black is standing and realizes.
He is at home.
Henry offers Alec the use.
To keep him.
Later Alec wonders.
Fast The Black might be.
He and Henry decide to train him.
Henry teaches Alec to be a jockey.
The Black surprises him.
He conceives a plan to get him.
He sets up a secret demonstration for a reporter to witness his speed  keeping the identity of him and Alec secret.
The news has spread.
He is allowed to enter the race.
Alec s mother at first refuses to let  seeing.
Him ride but then relents.
Important it is.
The race is the most anticipated horse racing event.
Heading  The Black gets into a fight with one of his opponents  sustaining a wound to his leg.
Alec does not see it.
He is.
The bell rings and the horses take off.
He begins to dismount.
He desperately tries to stay and stop him.
He keeps running.
The Black is far behind his opponents.
When Alec regains his balance.
But he encourages him to run as fast.
He can.
They are soon back.
He thinks back.
They head.
The Black overtakes the other horses and wins.
Later  a veterinarian assures Alec.
The horse will recover.
The film ends.
The Black inspects it.
<EOS>
Chandu is an innocent village girl.
Who does not look beautiful escpecially the hairstyle makes her look ugly.
However her father s effort does not back off to find a groom.
Kishan is a young salesman.
Who has many dreams but very scared of his dominant father.
Kishan s father and Chandu s father are close friends.
Seeing his friend s struggle to marry off his daughter  Kishan s father arranges marriage without Kishan s consent.
Kishan gets angry to see his wife-to-be Chandu.
Who is very dark and less mannered.
However scared  he marries her.
Kishan hates to live.
Innocent Chandu does not realise her husband s intentions and continues to serve her duties to him.
Meanwhile Kishan gets an award in his job and leaves to receive medal.
He meets a beautiful woman Radha.
Who is also an award winner.
He finds.
When he returns.
One has to leave Bombay on transfer but not willing to leave.
Kishan uses this oppourtunity to escape for transfer instead of him and leaves Bombay.
He accidentally lands up in Radha s house and stays there.
Radha and Kishan develop love and marry.
Kishan s father threatens his son to take away Chandu and so he unwillingly takes her with him.
But he finds and goes away with Radha.
Radha has come to receive him and leaves Chandu alone.
But he can not find her but instead he meets her.
When he goes back to find Chandu.
Chandu finds.
Her husband has married another woman and gets shocked.
Did Chandu land up.
<EOS>
Set  the film focuses on three sisters of grumpy and overprotective Irish widower Dennis OGrady.
The oldest  Katie  welcomes her fresh husband James Moore.
Whom she has married.
Meanwhile  the youngest two Patricia and Maureen pass a vaudeville theater owned.
She recognizes the man.
He was begging.
She enters to scold him.
Her attraction softens her.
Meanwhile  Dennis is advised to warn his daughters about the immoral behavior of most men.
It is too late.
He is not aware  nor Patricia s flirtations with a vaudeville actor.
Dennis has been wary of vaudeville  feeling.
The hard life has been the cause of Rosie s death.
Patricia lies.
When she is caught.
Tony is a college student.
Dennis is impressed  and decides.
He would be perfect.
Patricia is upset.
Matters are turning out.
Keeps quiet  afraid.
Patricia tells Tony.
She is interested.
Tony  however  feels.
She is unable to do so until she tells her father the truth.
Dennis is outraged.
When he learns to the vaudeville  and forces him to give up his job  as well as locking Patricia in her room.
Patricia sneaks out  though  and abandons her father to join Tony.
There  she quickly becomes a big hit.
Dennis  meanwhile  learns.
One is expecting twins  and decides that Patricia must be her.
Devastated  he gets drunk and gets with the police.
Sometime later  Tony helps Katie and James find an apartment.
He disowns all his daughters.
When Dennis finds out.
Lonely  Dennis becomes ill and  fears for his life.
Patricia is informed  and quickly gathers her sisters and their lovers to take care of him.
Dennis initially does not accept his company.
He finds out that Katie has just given birth.
Ending the story  Patricia and Tony get engaged.
<EOS>
Carrol Naish plays an optometrist.
Who is really a Nazi spy.
A book is stolen from him.
He uses to decode a Nazi spy code.
He was walking at night.
A Nazi agent is told.
Who comes to meet him.
They team up to try to find the book.
<EOS>
Harry Collings and Arch Harris are two saddle tramps.
Who have grown weary.
They stop off in Del Norte  a ramshackle town in the middle of nowhere run by the corrupt McVey.
Harris and Griffen discuss traveling to look for work he has decided to return to the wife.
When Collings abruptly informs them.
He had left years before.
Griffen temporarily leaves the two.
He goes to buy supplies.
Some town thugs shoot him.
Collings and Harris manage to escape.
They return.
Night and Collings shoots McVey repeatedly  crippling him.
Collings finds.
He is understandably less than welcome  Hannah.
He offers his services not as a husband but as a mere hired hand.
Order to be allowed to stay.
Hannah agrees and quickly puts him to work.
Gradually  the distrust and unease caused slip away.
The two begin to become close again.
Collings finds himself willing to settle down forever.
McVey and his troupe  however  suddenly make it difficult for Collings to make.
What should have been an easy decision.
They kidnap.
Harris and Collings is forced to leave Hannah once again to save his friend.
All of the villains are killed.
Collings is fatally wounded.
Harris rides back alone.
<EOS>
Lecherous  heavy-drinking pop singer Dino is forced through Climax  Nevada.
Driving his.
There.
He meets the amateur songwriting team.
Spooner  a man easily given.
Hoping to interest Dino  Barney disables the Italian sports car and tells Dino.
He will need to remain until new parts arrive from Milan.
Orville invites Dino to stay  but becomes concerned.
When he learns the singer needs to have sex every night to avoid awakening.
Anxious to accommodate Dino but safeguard his marriage  Orville provokes an argument.
Leads. 
He and Barney then arrange  a waitress and prostitute at a saloon on the edge of town called the Belly Button  to pose as Orville s wife and satisfy Dino.
That evening  Orville plays his tunes.
The three have dinner.
It is one.
She knows he wrote when trying to persuade her to marry him.
Doing so  Orville gets lost.
Does Polly  who has fallen a little.
She does nt have.
Orville starts thinking of Polly as his wife and tosses Dino out.
He then spends the night.
Dino seeks shelter.
Where Zelda earlier had gone to drown her sorrows.
The manager deposited her.
When she became drunk and rowdy.
Hearing and declaring himself eager to shoot it out with her  Dino goes to the trailer and finds Zelda there.
Mistakes her.
A longtime fan  she succumbs and allows him to seduce her  persuading him.
Perfect Orville s song would be at the same time.
Zelda meets Polly the next morning and figures out the trick.
Orville played.
She gives Dino s money.
Who needs it to leave Climax and start a new life.
A few nights later  Orville is distraught knowing.
Zelda intends to divorce him.
Suddenly he hears Dino singing one on coast-to-coast television.
He is as to.
This could have happened.
He wants an explanation.
Zelda simply orders him  Kiss me  stupid.
<EOS>
Mar Mitenge is an action drama  featuring Jeetendra  Mithun Chakraborty and Raj Babbar.
<EOS>
Grant Jordan marries young widow Katie Armstrong.
Who has three unruly children  Charlie  Abner and Zoe.
The newlyweds have no choice.
When Katie s sister Jo has an accident and can not take care.
To take them along.
Also  Grant s former fiancee  Mina Fenster is not ready to give up  she shows up and tries to sabotage their marriage.
<EOS>
Khamlao is a secret agent.
Shares the common Isan dialect and culture.
He is dispatched on a secret mission to track down some terrorists.
To do so  he goes undercover.
Serves. 
He finds.
He probes deep.
The company s executive secretary is actually a CIA agent  assigned.
Meanwhile  Khamlao s wife  Keaw  discovers.
Khamlao had lied about his job in Thailand.
The end leaves.
Where the first film starts.
<EOS>
Polish American Joe Miracle returns.
His friend and partner Leo missing and presumed murdered.
To get even  he robs $ 100000  planning to leave the country as soon as possible.
He goes.
Where he picks up a ticket Victor and his wife Clara had purchased.
However  he discovers.
They could only book him.
He has to hide.
Joe pretends to be him.
When the police come to stop Victor.
Order to spend the night safely.
However  Jenny Jones  a kind-hearted social worker  gets.
Him remanded instead.
She takes him.
Where the down and out are helped.
Jenny and Joe begin falling.
They get better acquainted.
She turns down the advances.
Joe causes trouble.
He turns the tables.
Who try to cheat him and also accidentally falls on an old piano.
Feeling responsible  he goes and  pretending to be newly assigned to the police precinct  cons the owner into donating a piano in return for Joe turning a blind eye to the illicit activities there.
However  he is recognized.
Byrd tries to find out.
Joe is staying.
She refuses to divulge anything.
Jenny realizes.
Joe is not Victor.
Then   she insists.
When she finds out Joe also has a pistol.
He leave.
Byrd returns and tries to get Joe to tell him the name.
Joe refuses to talk.
Jenny pleads to give it back.
When he collects his money.
They can start a life together.
He counters.
Neither accepts the other s proposal.
Meanwhile  the mobsters force Clara to tell them and start a fire to smoke him out.
Where Joe is hiding.
They recover the money.
The settlement house is left.
Joe enters the nightclub and takes the money again from the new boss  Barney Teener.
Then he hires some men to dress up.
Santa Claus to distribute presents at a fundraiser at the settlement house.
Joe slips in and leaves the money to pay for the rebuilding.
Jenny realizes.
He slips away.
What is going on and chases him out  calling his name.
Hearing this  the waiting mobsters shoot Joe.
The film ends  leaving it unclear.
Whether he will live or die  or what the future holds.
<EOS>
The film is divided.
Of which focus.
We meet Kiril  a young monk.
Who has taken a vow and is on the run from a mob.
Kiril leaves the monastery and the two of them make their way through the Macedonian landscape.
Their romance is heading.
Faces is set.
Anne  a picture editor  is torn she feels for Aleksandar  a disillusioned war photographer.
She is pulled by a shoot-out at a nearby restaurant.
The third and final story  Pictures  brings the two previous stories together.
It focuses to settle.
He learns.
The war has divided his home village and that his Albanian neighbours are now seen.
Hana  an Albanian woman  asks him to take care.
He was  and apparently still is  in love.
A storm is building.
Aleksandar sets out to find the girl.
The film returns us.
It becomes clear.
The sequence could have been any.
Somewhere an intended inconsistency will become apparent.
The end sees Zamira gunned down and killed by her family - photos of the scene make a passive appearance in Faces.
When she tries to escape them.
Faces set has a living Aleksandar Kirkov.
Whose close friend Anne is developing black and white pictures.
The motto was.
Overshadowing scenarios go backward and forward.
<EOS>
The film was based.
Who starts and eventually undergoes spiritual transformation into a religious mendicant.
Valmiki falls with a princess.
Who is kidnapped.
<EOS>
The Mystery Machine is driving.
A sandstorm comes up.
Shaggy makes an wrong turn.
Seeing.
A UFO causes Shaggy to lose control.
The gang find themselves.
The rest enters a local diner to get directions.
Scooby and Shaggy stay.
Shaggy and Scooby then see.
A mythical animal called a jackalope.
The jackalope takes their last Scooby Snack.
They chase it.
Where they encounter aliens.
They run.
The waitress  Dottie  says.
They never see aliens but do see strange lights and hear sounds.
The chef  Sergio  says.
A month earlier local cattle vanished moved away.
A man named.
Lester claims to have been abducted.
He believes the two.
He also claims to have pictures  so the gang goes.
They are nothing more  however.
He then refers  the Search for Alien Life Forms  dishes  saying and disappearing livestock.
Ever since they were installed there have been numerous UFO sightings.
The gang stays overnight.
Fred sleeps.
Scooby and Shaggy fall  and are abducted.
The aliens try to examine the two.
Scooby is able to free them.
They find themselves in the middle of desert.
Where they again fall asleep.
They are awakened.
Scooby and Shaggy fall with them.
They meet up and are so love sick.
They do nt want to eat  which shocks the rest.
Velma  Fred and Daphne meet the crew.
Shaggy and Scooby hang out.
Velma becomes suspicious.
When she sees dried mud  since they are in the desert.
Later  she takes the gang.
Where she believes a seasonal river runs.
The canyon proves to be dry.
They find caves  mining equipment and  gold.
The SALF crew capture and tie them up.
The crew explains.
They stumbled while searching for a new location for another SALF dish.
They decided to keep the secret.
It was.
They planned to keep it that way.
They are also exposed.
Who abducted Scooby and Shaggy.
Eventually  Crystal and Amber reveal themselves to be the actual aliens.
They dressed.
Their only information came from 1960 s television broadcasts.
The UFO that ran Mystery Inc.
Off the road was actually Crystal s.
The SALF crew and their accomplices are arrested.
Crystal and Amber return after a heartfelt goodbye.
Shaggy and Scooby are broken hearted.
A box helps them forget about their heartache.
<EOS>
The film opens.
The Lizard  a camp loafer  learns and informs Black Dan Bryce.
Who decides to rob Philip.
This is overheard.
Who rides.
Philip  finding  conceals the money.
He is pursued.
Before he is captured and refuses to say where it is.
Dan tries to get him to talk.
Sylvia manages to alert Philip s mining crew.
Who come.
Two years later Philip and Sylvia are married and have a baby  Edna.
Their house is burgled.
Who recognise Sylvia and kidnap her.
Unable to find any trace  Philip thinks.
She has left him  so sells his property and goes abroad.
Black Dan s gang argue.
She enters a convent and becomes a teacher.
When she finds Philip has gone.
Three years later Philip and Edna return and are reunited with Sylvia through the chance discovery of a lost bangle of Edna s.
<EOS>
Jason Robards Sr.
And George Fawcett play a father-and-son team.
Who gamble their firm s assets.
Emerson Jr.
Is caught investing money.
Does nt belong and is indicted on a swindling charge.
The plot gets spicy.
When the District Attorney handling the case is his former sweetheart  Catherine Darwin s husband.
This situation gives the DA an opportunity to prosecute his romantic rival.
<EOS>
Moggina Manasu focuses.
It also touches.
The film tells the stories and tribulations.
They face.
Chanchala goes.
It was her first day.
She was ragged.
Akka and Didi calls them.
Another village girl Renuka Devi often called.
Renu also comes.
She wants to be a Doctor and treat her village people.
Later akka  Didi  Renu and Chanchala becomes best friends.
Akka and Didi change Renu and Chanchu completely.
Renu and Chanchu feels.
They need a boyfriend.
Chanchu loves her English teacher but later comes to know.
She should not.
Renu gets a boyfriend.
Akash and chanchu is also persuaded to love her.
Later they love Each other.
But that man tries to avoid her.
He refers her as public Property.
Angers her.
She leaves him.
Later enters Rahul  a singer.
Who loves her more.
Even she starts loving him.
Later Renu gets Pregnant.
He tells her to abort the child.
She does nt want.
She tells this.
Who scolds her.
Didi tells.
All men are cheaters.
She lost her sister.
Her sister was cheated.
Chanchu listens about this with Rahul.
Next day Renu is found Hanging.
Renu s death changes Chanchu s mind.
She breaks up.
She was going back to Mysore.
Where she studied.
She remembers all this.
She meets Akka.
Whose life was settled.
Akka had run away.
Had angered her father.
Her mother died.
But now her father  her husband and her daughter.
Chanchu is Happy to see them together.
She goes association function had been held.
Where she studied as Old students.
There she meets Didi.
Who had also married an led a settled life.
They remember Renu.
Later Chanchu remembers Rahul.
Just then she hears Rahul s voice.
She hurries there.
Later there is a song program in memory of her.
She thinks but thinks.
He may have forgotten her and married another.
But Rahul tells but now he is getting it back.
He had lost his love.
He tells them.
He is going to propose the girl he loves.
He proposes Chanchala.
She is astonished and happy.
Yash s parents and Chanchu s parents also agrees.
They loved each other even.
They get married.
<EOS>
A mother duck is sleeping  in a nest full of eggs.
A stray egg rolls.
Blindly walks to find its mother s nest.
The duckling starts to hatch it.
Tom is sleeping outside.
The egg stops directly next.
It slips.
As the egg thinks it found its mother.
Tom wakes up  feeling disturbed.
He accidentally sits  causing Quacker to hatch from it.
The naive duckling immediately assumes.
Hugs him.
Tom gets two sticks and some firewood and lights a fire.
The little duckling compliments mommy.
He grabs a stick and ties Quacker.
He puts the stick  to warm the duckling up.
However  Jerry walks and becomes shocked.
When he sees this.
Jerry substitutes Quacker on the spit.
When Tom is nt looking.
Tom adds salt and pepper without realising it.
He jumps and yowls.
When his tail catches fire.
Jerry runs and unties Quacker from the stick.
However  the duckling runs and shouts.
Tom is blowing the fire.
Quacker runs his face asking for his help.
Tom raises and lowers his eyes.
To agree.
He is making a bed for Quacker out of pastry.
Is just the right size.
He takes Quacker  the oven.
He opens the oven door and puts the duckling.
Quacker says goodnight.
He closes the oven door.
Jerry  using a broom  smacks Tom and slams him unconscious with the oven door.
He grabs the bed  in it  and runs to his mousehole.
However  the duckling jumps out  and runs to his unconscious mother.
He revives Tom using a jug.
A now conscious Tom grabs Quacker and the duckling kisses him.
Has prepared a pudding.
Order to begin a Stuffed Roast Duckling Tom.
He feeds all the pudding to Quacker  puts him and puts small broccoli pieces on to his feet.
Order to stuff him.
He puts a lid  places it in the oven and locks the oven door.
Jerry  using a can opener  cuts open part.
Quacker promptly throws carrots and potatoes.
Hits him.
He is carried.
Jerry carries the angry duckling and throws the carrot away and shows him a picture book.
Page is a mother duck and a Quacker lookalike.
Page is a grey kitten and a lookalike of Tom.
The duckling looks a lookalike of his mommy.
Jerry angrily walks over and points.
If to say This is your mother  duck.
Quacker promptly refuses to believe it  shouts.
That s not my mommy.
Jerry walks and frowns.
Tom  appearing to have figured out  sees Quacker run.
What happened.
He throws it.
Tom is now stirring some food.
Thinking  Quacker helps.
His mother is cooking dinner.
Him sit down and grabs the spoon.
He reads part.
Says PLACE YOUNG DUCK.
Where they can get a little duck.
Jerry showed earlier.
Quacker then gulps.
He is the little duck.
Apparently  Tom wanted to cook and eat him all along.
His conscience gets the better.
Quacker lays the spoon at the tip of the pot making a quick bridge.
He would throw himself.
Quacker wants to cook himself.
She wanted that.
Tom starts to approach  momma.
The duckling says good-bye and that I still love you.
Dives in.
Having a change  Tom puts a stop to this immediately by grabbing the duckling in mid-air few inches away from the boiling water crying out NO.
And then Tom hugs Quacker.
Tom realises.
He would have missed him.
Jerry escapes and runs to the boiling pot on the stove  then he runs to the window and sees Quacker with Tom.
Outside  Tom has adopted the duckling and playfully leads Quacker across the nearby duck pond  with mother and son quacking away at each other.
The happy duckling exclaims  That s my mommy.
<EOS>
A buzzard egg is mysteriously delivered.
The upper crusty and very proper English Sparrows are not accustomed.
Gwendolyn convinces her husband.
The baby bird will grow.
Unfortunately   the little ugly bird grows.
The narrator tells us.
Monte can not even stand hearing the name.
When eating.
But nonetheless  he takes Beaky out.
Being incredibly shy and inept  repeatedly causes many grievous injuries to Monte.
It is all.
Monte can do to salvage what little self-respect remains.
<EOS>
An insurance company calls in private investigator Pete Novick to solve the case.
One is a former girlfriend of Novick s.
The chief is nt thrilled about having an outsider come and show up his men.
Who s more than willing to help him out.
Novick at last unravels the identity of the thief.
<EOS>
The bujang lapok trio are in the middle of travelling and are waiting at a jetty for a boat to arrive and lead them across the river.
The boat company is owned.
Who uses thugs to run the business and keep commoners.
The thugs only allow certain people to take the boats early.
Others have to wait a long time.
An old man named.
Pendekar Mustar wants to cross the river.
He is.
He is dragged away to be beaten up.
When he continues to insist to be allowed to cross the river.
He defeats all the younger and more well-built thugs successfully.
Ramli  Sudin and Ajis are impressed and decide to follow him.
They eventually meet Pendekar Mustar face-to-face and request  the martial art.
They be taught silat.
Pendekar Mustar used to defeat the thugs.
Pendekar Mustar welcomes the boys and starts to teach them the art  only to find out.
They are all illiterate.
He sends them.
Where Pendekar Mustar s daughter  Ros  teaches them how to learn to read and write.
Later  Ahmad Nisfu arrives with his thugs.
He wants to claim damages.
Pendekar Mustar caused.
He sees Ros  changes his mind  and then asks Pendekar Mustar in marriage.
He can ask.
Pendekar Mustar refuses.
The bujang lapok trio chase the thugs away.
One night  Pendekar Mustar sends the boys to meditate.
He says  the boys must concentrate.
Whatever happens.
Coincidentally  itself Ahmad Nisfu s thugs kidnap Ros.
They pass the cemetery.
The boys ignore her  thinking.
It is just another test.
It takes Pendekar Mustar s wife to convince the boys to rescue Ros.
They do defeat the thugs.
<EOS>
Single father and former cop Tom Cutler has an unusual occupation  he owns and operates a crime scene cleanup company  and performs much himself.
Cutler is shocked to learn.
When he is called in to sterilize a wealthy suburban residence.
He may have unknowingly erased crucial evidence  and become entangled.
<EOS>
Nina  an art dealer  has her weekly massage appointment and is surprised to find out her usual masseur  Douglas.
Has sent a replacement named Fitch.
The pair develop an easy rapport  with talk about past relationships.
Fitch also takes time to explain various massage techniques.
Nina lies topless.
<EOS>
The Island is located in the Solomon Islands  but is politically considered a territory of Papua New Guinea.
The people of this Island have fought a guerrilla war with salvaged and recovered World War II weaponry against government forces supplied with more modern equipment.
The government has instituted a complete economic blockade to an extended campaign of aerial bombardment and violence against its civilian population.
Bougainville - Our Island  Our Fight depicts the world.
They leave their traditional coastal society to take refuge.
An explanation reveals.
The installation had initially offered promise of economic prosperity for the region.
Bougainville residents eventually determined.
The mine project entailed significant ecological damage and social exploitation.
Bougainvillians speak about their initial recognition of the consequences of this mine  the poisoning of their water supply and the degradation of farmlands and jungle habitat.
Later scenes show the difficulties.
Bougainville residents face due.
The blockade prevents them.
The film violated the Papua New Guinea government blockade.
It was made to its director  Wayne.
Who had to be smuggled.
It includes the first and only television interview and the defecting Papua New Guinea officer  BRA General Sam Kouna.
Which it has featured.
It has also been used by Amnesty International  the United Nations  the Australian Army and the Australian Parliament.
<EOS>
Three sisters  Renata  Flyn  and Joey live.
Their father  Arthur  parts  Eve  going on to marry a more normal but plainer woman Pearl.
The evening commits suicide by walking into the ocean.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Set during the warring 1920s  Pocky Zhang Mazi leads a group of bandits.
The gang ambush a government train carrying Ma Bangde.
Who is to assume the position of governor.
Ma s train is derailed  killing both his bodyguards and his counselor  Tang.
Ma has no money  having spent it all to buy his position  to avoid being killed.
He lies.
He is actually Counselor Tang and that his wife was the dead governor s wife.
He tells the bandits.
If they spare him and his wife  he will help Zhang to impersonate Ma and pilfer Goose Town s finances.
Zhang s appointment is opposed by local mobster Master Huang.
Who lives.
Ma tells Zhang.
Previous governors would split taxes levied with Huang.
However  Zhang is not interested.
Wu  one  severely injures a citizen  and as governor Zhang rules against Wu in the town court.
Huang frames Zhang s godson  Six  for theft.
Six kills himself to prove his innocence.
Zhang vows to destroy Huang.
Ma advises him to use cunning rather than brute force.
Huang invites Zhang.
There Huang pretends to have his subordinates killed.
Not realising  Huang raises a plan to hunt down and kill Zhang Mazi.
The governor is actually the bandit chief.
Zhang pretends to agree  so long.
Huang finances the expedition.
That night  Huang disguises his subordinates and sends them to assassinate Zhang.
He is asleep.
However  only Ma s wife is killed.
Ma reveals his true identity as governor to Zhang.
Zhang has his bandits kidnap Huang and the heads of Goose Town s two leading families for ransom.
They quickly discover.
They have captured Huang s.
The town raises the ransom money.
Zhang refuses to take it  instead returning it.
Flora  a young prostitute  discovers their identity.
They do so.
She is captured but becomes friendly and later stays on as a bandit  helping them to guard Huang s.
Huang sends his own subordinates  also disguised  to retrieve the money handed back to the town.
A woman comes to find Ma  saying.
He seduced her while.
He is the father.
Ma gives them two jewels.
Huang had given Zhang.
Huang devises a new plan to kill Zhang Mazi.
This plan fails.
His men are killed.
Huang has no choice.
To supply the money.
Huang s steward obtains a portrait of the real Governor Ma.
The real Ma tells Huang and allowed to play governor.
Zhang is his nephew.
He saved Ma.
Huang employs a fake Zhang Mazi to kill Zhang during the hunt  doubling his chances by sending his men with a landmine.
Three days later   Master Two is killed.
He offers up two jewels.
The fake Zhang Mazi is captured.
It transpires.
He killed the woman and Ma s son after Ma gave them the jewels.
A distraught Ma tries to leave  but drives his carriage over the landmine and is killed.
Zhang vows revenge and returns.
He scatters money.
Huang gathers it  then Zhang scatters firearms to the townsfolk and prevents Huang from gathering them.
Zhang.
His bandits put  then beheads Huang s look-alike to convince the townsfolk.
Huang is dead.
The townsfolk are reassured and storm the citadel.
Zhang gives Huang a chance to commit suicide  however he does nt take it.
Wu kills him instead.
Master Three intends to marry Flora.
The surviving bandits leave to lead a more peaceful life.
They take the train.
<EOS>
A man befriends a puppy old that lives in an atomic plant.
One day  a labor accident causes the people working to abandon it  including the man.
However  he has no chance.
Who has to stay inside.
A few years later  a family moves.
Somehow  the puppy  now an atomic dog  manages to escape the plant and discovers the female dog.
He has an enhanced sense only given to wolves.
They mate and have a litter.
However   the female dog perishes.
Delivering. 
She is buried.
<EOS>
Larry Nevins  an American sergeant  is blinded by a German sniper while fighting in North Africa.
He is taken.
Where he struggles to come.
Larry quickly adapts physically.
The difficulty takes its toll.
He befriends Joe Morgan  another blinded veteran  and Judy  a bank teller.
One day Larry  unaware  utters a racial slur.
Joe is black.
This causes a huge rift.
Meanwhile  he progresses well  passing a crucial test to see.
Well he can handle himself.
He is cleared  so Judy takes him to visit her sister s cabin.
Larry learns.
Who is blind.
This gives him hope.
Judy reveals her love for him.
Larry says.
He needs more security and already has a fiancee.
Somewhat dispirited  he goes home and has a rough time dealing.
His fiancee s family is having doubts.
His parents are downcast.
Larry is happy to see his fiancee  Chris.
He still thinks.
He tells Chris the difficulties.
They can expect.
Chris eventually tells Larry.
She is nt strong enough to leave home while Larry struggles to make a new life.
Returning  Larry takes a side trip to Philadelphia and meets the famous lawyer.
Who had given him hope.
The lawyer tells him.
Life is difficult but worth it and that his wife was an invaluable helper.
Larry is unexpectedly reunited with Judy.
They joyfully declare their mutual love.
Boarding the train  he hears.
Joe Morgan s name called.
He catches Joe s arm  apologizes and asks.
All the hurt he caused.
They can be friends.
Joe accepts the apology.
They board and sit together.
The train pulls out.
<EOS>
Dora and her father are lost.
An ad in the newspaper attracts two crooks.
He dresses.
He plans to loot the house  but just then  a cop on the beat stops in for coffee.
Fritz locks the cop  picks up what things of value.
He can and escapes.
He and his pal drive off.
Dora is kidnapped  the Keystone Cops give chase.
All ends well.
<EOS>
The film is based.
Her story takes place.
She is infamous.
- - she thought that bathing in their blood would preserve her youth.
Eventually the royal authorities investigated.
She was walled up.
Where she died four years later.
Juraj Jakubisko declared.
<EOS>
Jenny Taylor is a fan.
Her efforts to meet him are always thwarted.
Hoping to get another chance  Jenny takes a job.
Luchas.
She gets her chance.
Jason is.
Jenny jumps in to save him.
The pair find themselves stranded.
Jenny discovers.
They have landed a short distance.
She selfishly leads.
Him believe they are stranded so she can make him fall with her.
A jealous Alexis pretends to be marooned as well and joins them.
She discovers Jenny s plan.
She begins to realize - Ryan   has had a crush.
Jenny s plans fall apart.
Her perfect love may have been all along.
Whom she has always put.
He has been seeking advice.
Ryan has been helping her.
He completely transforms himself.
Is Jason.
When she sees him  all she talks about.
Ryan starts to feel bad and begins to leave.
He stops the car midway  gets off and kisses her.
He tells her and confesses.
They are perfect together.
He ca nt stop thinking.
Jenny protests.
They are friends.
He feels bad and leaves her standing alone.
He gets and tells her that he is going back home.
She feels bad and goes and tells Jason everything.
He promises to sue her.
She is still.
When Ryan begins to pack his things and go back home.
The resort receives news.
A storm is going to hit St.
Luchas Puerto Plata.
Where Jenny is.
Unaware sits on a branch.
When the storm hits.
Ryan rushes onto the other side to save her.
The storm has already hit  so he takes Jenny.
When he reaches there.
Jenny realizes.
He is the one that cares.
She comes back.
The storm is over and sees that the whole resort is practically destroyed.
Jason and his manager pull her.
When Jenny and Ryan reach the lobby.
Where they tell her that they need her help and that they are holding a press conference to tell everyone.
Ryan bursts and tells Jason.
When she is about to answer.
Whatever he does  he should not lose Jenny and that she will be the best girl Jason will ever meet.
He confesses his love for Jenny and then is forced/carried out by Jason s bodyguard Gail.
She just wants to get it over with.
When Jenny sees Jason lying.
She tells them all  and declares.
Alexis is his girlfriend and that they are going to get married.
Her real boyfriend is Ryan and then walks up and kisses him after both exchange words.
Then we see them walking down the resort and dancing.
The movie ends in concert  unhappily dedicating a song to his wife  Alexis.
<EOS>
The story is based.
Who plays a very famous superhero.
His whole life changes.
When he gets kidnapped.
The characters are also the favorite cartoons of his son Kabir.
Aditya first hesitates but then agrees  a character says.
He is a fake hero  which hurts Aditya and makes him vow.
Aditya and his cartoon friends attack Jagaru s base and defeat the Toonasurs.
Many of their friends get kidnapped by Jagaru.
Now only one option is left  to get the Toonastra from Rubdoot and erase Jagaru.
But Jagaru gets to know and so kidnaps Aditya s family.
Now Aditya has to enter Jagaru s game and rescue everyone taken hostage.
His family safely getting back home.
<EOS>
Adventurer Jeff Drake sails in aid of Kelly Walsh  an old friend.
Whose freight line is being sabotaged.
Drake and Walsh s investigation concerns the search.
Who stole 5 million dollars at the close of World War II.
Several other people   all want to go to the island.
Drake and his friends encounter multiple dangers.
When they are attacked.
<EOS>
The Germans relocate Polish Jews to the Krakow Ghetto.
World War II begins.
Oskar Schindler  an ethnic German businessman  arrives in the city hoping to make a fortune as a war profiteer.
Schindler  a member  lavishes bribes upon Wehrmacht and SS officials.
Sponsored  Schindler acquires a factory for the production of army mess kits.
Not knowing much.
To run such an enterprise.
Who has contacts and the black marketers inside the Ghetto.
The Jewish businessmen lend Schindler money for a share of products produced.
Schindler pleases the Nazis and enjoys newfound wealth and status as Herr Direktor.
Stern handles administration.
Schindler hires Jewish Poles.
They cost less.
Workers are allowed outside the ghetto.
Stern ensures.
As many people as possible are deemed essential  saving them from being transported to concentration camps or killed.
SS-Lieutenant Amon Goeth arrives to oversee construction of the Plaszow concentration camp.
He orders the liquidation and Operation Reinhard in Krakow begins  with hundreds of troops emptying the cramped rooms and arbitrarily murdering anyone.
The camp is completed.
Who is uncooperative  elderly or infirm.
Schindler watches the massacre and is profoundly affected.
He nevertheless is careful to befriend Goeth and   Schindler continues enjoying SS support.
Schindler bribes Goeth.
That he can keep his factory running smoothly and protect them.
Schindler tries to save as many lives.
He can.
Goeth is ordered to ship the remaining Jews to the Auschwitz concentration camp.
Schindler prepares to leave Krakow.
He finds himself unable to do so  however  and prevails to allow him to keep his workers.
He can move them.
Goeth charges a massive bribe.
Schindler and Stern assemble a list to be kept off the trains to Auschwitz.
Schindler s List comprises these skilled inmates.
For many means the difference between life and death.
Almost all arrive safely at the new site.
The train carrying the women is accidentally redirected.
Schindler bribes the camp commander  Rudolf Hob  for releasing the women to Brinnlitz.
Schindler institutes firm controls  forbidding them to enter the production areas.
The women arrive.
He encourages the Jews to observe the Sabbath.
To keep his workers alive  he spends much  he never produces working shells during the seven months.
His factory operates.
He runs out  ending the war in Europe.
In 1945  Schindler must flee the advancing Red Army.
Schindler persuades them to return as men  not murderers.
The SS guards have been ordered to kill the Jews.
He packs a car in the night and bids farewell to his workers.
They give him a letter explaining  together.
He is not a criminal.
Whoever saves one life saves the world entire.
Schindler is touched but deeply ashamed.
He leaves  feeling he could have done more to save lives.
The Schindler Jews are awakened the next morning.
A Soviet dragoon announces.
They have been liberated.
The Jews walk.
What happened in his later years.
The black-and-white frame changes at Schindler s grave site in Jerusalem.
Where he wanted to be interred.
A procession -- a traditional Jewish custom denoting gratitude to the deceased.
Who worked on his grave.
The actors portraying the major characters walk.
Ben Kingsley is accompanied.
Who died.
A title card reveals.
There were fewer than 4000 Jews left alive in Poland  but more than 6000 descendants of the Schindler Jews throughout the world.
Liam Neeson places a pair of roses on the grave and stands over it.
<EOS>
Allison and Cheryl are two college students.
It is taught.
One in class experiments makes a jock wet himself in front of everyone  leading to the censuring of the class.
Professor Derek invites his students.
There  he tells the students three tales centered.
The humiliated jock sneaks over to Derek s home to take revenge.
<EOS>
A Count invites twelve of them to a dinner on Maundy Thursday in a re-enactment of the Last Supper with himself as Christ.
Whilst they eat and drink  he also feeds them religious rhetoric and attempts to instruct them.
He promises them a day off Good Friday and commits to freeing one of the slaves.
However   the slaves rebel.
When these promises are not held up the next day.
They are then all hunted down and killed  except one.
Who escapes.
<EOS>
The story focuses at the Madras Institute of Technology  and hope to join the same company after graduation.
Who want to remain friends.
One of the friends  Ilango  goes home.
Where he is forced to get married by his tough disciplinarian father.
Once back   the marriage becomes public.
He hides the fact.
When relatives come to visit Elango.
Ilango alone gets a transfer.
Their dream to work together becomes true.
The friends force Elango to visit his wife and put him on a train.
But Elango manages to get.
The friends part and six years later  two come back to join the two girls in Chennai.
Eashwari meet each other.
Prabhu falls without realizing.
Who she is.
Eventually he finds the truth.
Who is waiting.
Eashwari joins the gang.
Who vows to find Elango and unite him.
<EOS>
The film opens.
He is unknowingly stalked by a woman in a blood red dress.
The character explores.
He attempts to flee up the stairs  but the red-clad woman knocks him off the staircase banister.
When he notices the woman approaching him.
The character is killed.
When he is hung.
The player quits playing and calls his friend Hutch to see  revealed to be Stay Alive.
He would come over and play the new game.
Hutch tells him.
They will get together that weekend to play.
The friends hang up.
Loomis goes upstairs and finds his roommates having sex and tells them he found them dead.
Loomis  roommates brush it off.
He leaves.
Loomis is woken up and goes downstairs for a snack.
He is confronted and runs back upstairs only to find his roommates slaughtered.
He backs away horrified.
A chain is clasped.
He is knocked off the staircase banister and hung.
He died.
The next day   Hutch receives.
Talking. 
A phone call informing him that Loomis is dead.
Loomis  sister  Emma  gives Hutch a bag containing some of Loomis  possessions  including some video games.
A blonde girl named.
Abigail introduces herself.
Hutch goes to an internet cafe owned and operated by his girlfriend and best friend  October  and her brother  Phineas.
Hutch hands October the bag containing Loomis  possessions.
Phineas eventually finds the video game  Stay Alive.
They decide to play that night.
That night another friend  Swink arrives at Hutch s house  followed shortly by October  Phineas  and Abigail.
They begin setting up their gaming equipment.
Later   they start up the game.
When everything is ready.
To start the game  the players recite a passage  The Prayer  during the game s intro.
They say out loud.
Which October reveals that spirits can not cross wild roses.
Who had killed Loomis  who is revealed to be Elizabeth Bathory.
The group then decides to call it a night.
He is killed.
Miller prepares to leave his office.
He is informed and questioned by two detectives  Thibodeaux and King.
When Hutch returns to work the next day.
Afterwards  he returns  joining his friends.
Phineus is playing the game.
Phineas  seeming insensitivity cause the rest of the group to leave.
Phineas continues the game.
Hutch makes connections and runs back to the cafe to stop Phineas from playing.
Talking. 
Having paused the game was killed.
When they arrive they find Phineas.
Hutch calls everyone together to reveal.
He knows how people are dying.
October then says.
She believes him and reveals all she knows.
Bathory would drain young women to maintain her youth  and could not stand to look in a mirror.
She hated to see herself grow old.
Hutch then notices Phineas  absence.
A spirit appears.
Phineas drives to meet.
The group calls him and learn  telling.
Him to stay there and that they will come and get him.
However  he is run down by a bizarre horse-drawn carriage.
Arriving the group mourns the death of their friend.
Thibodeaux and King arrive.
King decides to play Stay Alive.
Thibodeaux informs Hutch to the murders and.
He is becoming a suspect.
King s character s head is ripped in half.
Hutch can shut the game off.
October  Hutch  Swink  and Abigail all decide to find a way to put an end.
Later   King is brutally killed.
Investigating the game himself.
He died.
Hutch and Abigail decide to go.
Where Hutch reveals  stemming from his father murdering his mother by setting their house of fire with her asleep inside.
They find the address.
They proceed  they go in.
To go  and  assuming no one is home.
They are confronted.
Exploring the house  finding dolls and a black carriage in the barn.
They explain to Malkus the deaths and their connections.
He is shocked and tells them.
The game is based.
He sends them.
Who wrote a book called The Lady of Blood.
Hutch and Abigail meet the author.
She tells them the legends.
They learn.
She was walled up as punishment for her gruesome acts  vowing to one day return and seek revenge on all men  women  and children.
Abigail inquires as.
Whether or not Bathory could be summoned.
The author rebuffs her  telling them both.
She hopes they know better than with the evil of Elizabeth Bathory.
Meanwhile  October and Swink are doing investigating.
October calls Hutch and informs him the only way to kill  one  one in her throat  and another in her head.
The Countess is  after first trapping her soul in her body by driving three nails into her.
Swink then announces.
Detective King is dead  and that the group are now suspects.
They all flee  meeting to formulate a plan.
October goes outside and sees Bathory in a house under construction.
Entering the house alone  she tries to confront the Countess.
Grabbing a nail gun she attempts to fire the nails.
Unfortunately the nails must be put.
October attempts to flee.
The Countess clasps her ankle and lifts her up  slitting October s throat.
The others arrive  with Hutch cradeling Octobers body  mourning inconsolably.
They inadvertently summoned her vengeful spirit.
They leave Hutch informs Abigail and Swink that  by reciting The Prayer of Elizabeth.
They all decide to investigate with Swink deciding to stay behind and play the game as both a distraction for The Countess  and as an aid to the others.
Hutch and Abigail go.
Where they find various clues  revealing that Malkus s house is actually the Bathory plantation.
Swink also reveals.
Whatever happens in the game will happen.
Abigail finds Elizabeth s diary  revealing.
It is full.
The spirit Abigail and is about to kill her.
When Hutch saves her.
Swink  however  is then seemingly killed.
He is chased.
They survive.
Leads them to Bathory s black tower.
They arrive at the door to the tower.
Hutch enters.
Suddenly  the door slams shut leaving Abigail trapped.
Hutch panics and tries to open the door.
She pleads to go ahead.
The Countess closes in.
Hutch leaves her.
He finds The Countess  body completely preserved.
When Hutch reaches the top.
He hammers  trapping her spirit in her body.
As she is about to kill Abigail.
The Countess attacks Hutch.
He uses the reflective surface  showing The Countess her reflection.
Drives her mad.
Hutch then manages to set The Countess  but is trapped in the room.
His fear begins to overtake him.
Swink and Abigail burst rose bush  Swink having survived due to stumbling into the roses while being chased by The Countess.
All seems lost.
The three then proceed to escape the plantation as Elizabeth s body burns.
The movie ends.
Where it shows that Stay Alive is being released.
An employee takes a copy.
Puts it  and as the game begins the group reciting Elizabeth s prayer is heard.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Who helps his father.
Once he reads a small poem written and instantly likes it.
He responds.
The poem is written.
Who scribbles sweet nothings on whatever material she finds.
Her love story begins.
When she scribbles a sweet note and is surprised to get a reply from someone at the other end.
The bus becomes a medium to record their emotions.
Gradually love blossoms.
But Manu and Pavithra do nt come face to face.
They decide to reveal their identities and contact numbers when the rain washes the written messages.
They exhaust all the options to find each other.
Meanwhile  Pavithra s parents arrange to a rich boy.
Who turns out to be Manu.
Manu and Pavithra marry each other.
But the lovers  prefer to stay apart and maintain distance.
Who are married now.
They decide.
Cleared  forms the climax.
This knot gets.
<EOS>
Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson come out to investigate a mysterious murder.
They find.
An American criminal organization called The Scowrers has asked evil mastermind Professor Moriarty to wreak vengeance.
Holmes outsmarts Moriarty  solves the murder  and brings Moriarty.
<EOS>
The rich and successful Dr Manning is called out.
He never returns.
The next morning his wife Annette finds him missing.
She receives.
A ransom note demanding #.
The police are alerted.
Soon Annette is trying to deliver the money.
The police keep watch  hoping to catch the kidnapper.
Every attempts ends.
He fails to show up  realising the locations are being watched.
Annette hires a private detective Nick Logan to make his own investigations.
Manning is found dead.
The police decide to use Annette to catch his killer.
They publicise.
She has heard his voice and will be able to identify it if she hears it again  hoping that the threat will flush him out in order to try to get her out of the way.
Logan now begins to work together.
They finally succeed.
Who reveals a surprising motive.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Marcus Graham enters Chantress  the company that he works.
It is quickly established.
He is quite the ladies  man  as he tells his assistant to send flowers  with cards reading only thinking of you.
Nelson  one  shows Marcus a.
When he enters his office.
He s done.
They ve been working on.
Marcus tells Nelson.
Who s very creative but also very risque and overtly sexual  that he must re-edit the ad  as some of the material may be offensive to women.
Nelson reluctantly agrees  then leaves.
The next day  Marcus meets Lady Eloise  the head.
Will soon be acquiring Chantress.
She suggests  and invites him.
Marcus may be promoted.
Marcus realizes.
She intends to have her way  and thinking of the promotion  goes through with it and spends the night with her.
The next day  he meets Jacqueline Broyer  a beautiful woman  but uses her image to her advantage.
Who tells Marcus that Lady Eloise has had no position.
Marcus realizes.
Jacqueline is going to be given the job he wanted  and will soon become his boss.
Marcus tells his friends Tyler and Gerard.
He s thinking.
Should be working together.
There  Jacqueline introduces him.
Also  everyone is introduced to Strange  the wild fashion diva.
Who s been chosen.
Marcus bumps  and.
Looking. 
When he spots Jacqueline  introduces Angela so that he can go and catch up with her.
She tells him.
When he attempts to woo Jacqueline.
She does nt date.
Marcus however still believes.
He will be made the exception towards him.
Jacqueline tells Marcus.
They should go together.
Marcus suggests.
They do it.
Marcus also finds out.
Angela and Gerard will be going out that night.
Both couples meet that evening.
Ironically  Gerard   ends up having the better evening.
Who s not as successful.
Jacqueline and Marcus eat dinner.
Later  the two are sent.
They eventually have sex.
Marcus   is rather shocked to find.
Who assumes that he and Jacqueline are now a couple.
Jacqueline feels they should take it slowly  and is nt as enthusiastic.
He is.
He does nt understand.
He feels he s falling.
She can be so careless and inconsiderate.
He tells her.
Marcus finds out that Jacqueline has told some to Strange.
The two should take a break for a while.
Jacqueline gets the last word however.
When she bluntly tells Marcus it s over.
Distraught begins to lag.
Jacqueline decides rather than fire him  she ll give him a few weeks to get himself together.
He ruins a major business proposal.
Marcus begins to hang out with Angela.
Who tries to help bring him out.
Marcus  Angela  Tyler  Gerard and his parents get together for dinner.
Angela and Gerard tell his parents.
Eating. 
They are nt a couple  when his father assumes that the two are.
Marcus and Angela clean up  and fall asleep together.
When everyone else leaves.
The two begin to make out  and assumedly sleep together.
When they wake up.
Marcus tells Gerard.
Out. 
He and Angela are going out together.
Upsets Gerard  knowing Marcus  past.
Marcus  now much more relaxed and confident  becomes very attractive again.
The two end up sleeping together again one night.
He had nt put away his feelings.
The next day  Angela confronts Marcus the night before  knowing.
He was.
Upset.
Marcus makes himself out to be the victim.
Marcus tries to go back  then realizes his feelings.
Her are nt the same.
Later  Marcus talks.
Gerard tells him.
Angela got a promotion.
Marcus apologizes.
The two make up.
They had before.
He then goes.
She finally forgives him.
She is very cold towards him.
The two get back together.
<EOS>
The film opens.
A buggy carrying Mr Shepherd and his daughter Mrs Clay.
Shepherd and Clay are accosted.
Croft discusses the end with fellow navy men.
Sir Walter  a vain foppish baronet  is faced.
He retrenches.
He eventually agrees to temporarily move to Bath  this was thought of by Shepherd  family friend Lady Russell  and Sir Walter s second eldest  intelligent daughter Anne.
He initially opposes the idea.
The hall is let.
Anne is visibly upset.
The new tenant will be the admiral  who is the brother-in-law of Captain Frederick Wentworth  a man she was persuaded to reject nine years previously because of his lack of prospects and connections.
Wentworth is now wealthy  and has returned to England to presumably find a wife.
Anne remains to finish up directing the residence s preparation.
Her father and elder sister Elizabeth leave the hall.
She expresses to Lady Russell her unhappiness at her family s current financial predicament  and her past decision to reject the captain s proposal of marriage.
Anne visits their other sibling  Mary.
Who has married.
Anne patiently listens confided in her by Mary  her husband Charles  sisters-in-law Louisa and Henrietta  and parents-in-law Mr Musgrove and Mrs Musgrove.
Having now settled  Admiral and Mrs Croft visit the Musgroves.
Mrs Croft s brother Captain Wentworth comes to dine.
Anne avoids going.
When she volunteers.
The following morning are suddenly met briefly by Wentworth  the first time he.
Anne have seen each other.
Mary later tells  he would not have known you again.
Anne Wentworth thought she was so altered.
Wentworth becomes the focus to Louisa and Henrietta.
The family is unaware.
Hurt and rejected  he appears to court Louisa  much to Anne s chagrin.
Wentworth learns from Louisa.
Anne also was persuaded to refuse Charles  offer of marriage  after which Charles instead proposed to Mary.
Anne  the Musgroves  and Wentworth go to Lyme to visit two.
Louisa rashly jumps off a staircase.
There. 
Wentworth will catch her.
He can reach her and sustains a head injury.
Wentworth  Henrietta  and Anne travel back and tell them about their injured daughter  leading them to hurry back to Lyme.
Anne soon goes to stay with her father and sister.
Sir Walter and Elizabeth reveal.
They have repaired their relationship to the Elliot baronetcy and estate.
Anne is introduced.
They realize.
They briefly saw each other.
Much begins to court Anne.
She remains uncertain.
Louisa having recovered and become engaged  Wentworth arrives in Bath and encounters Anne on several occasions.
Their conversations are brief.
Anne learns.
Mr Elliot is bankrupt and only interested.
Wentworth overhears Anne talking  and writes her a letter declaring.
He still loves her.
The two walk off.
He announces his intention to marry Anne later that night  much to Mr Elliot s consternation.
The final scene shows Wentworth and Anne  happy to be together.
<EOS>
Clinical psychologist Dr Chris Kelvin is approached.
Who relay a message sent.
Gibarian requests Chris come to help understand an unusual phenomenon  but is unwilling to explain the exact nature.
DBA is unsure.
To proceed.
None want to return home.
DBA has lost contact with the security patrol recently dispatched to the station.
Chris agrees to go to Solaris as a last attempt to recover the crew.
Chris learns.
Most have either died or disappeared under bizarre circumstances.
Both surviving crew members  Snow and Dr Gordon  are reluctant to explain the situation.
Chris dreams about his dead wife Rheya -- reliving and some of their most romantic and intimate moments.
When they first met.
He awakens shocked and terrified to encounter Rheya alive again in bed and leads her into an escape pod and jettisons it into space.
Chris confides his actions and comes to understand.
Replicas have been mysteriously appearing.
Chris lets her stay.
When Rheya manifests a second time.
She admits  her memories feel artificial.
She does nt feel human.
That she lacks the emotional attachment that comes.
Chris  Rheya  Snow and Gordon meet to discuss the situation and Gordon informs Rheya.
What Chris did.
Rheya leaves the meeting horrified and Chris confronts Gordon.
Who chastises him for getting emotionally involved with something that is nt real and may pose a threat to human beings.
Later   Chris questions a replica of Gibarian as to  but is told.
What Solaris  motives are.
There are no answers  only choices.
Chris wakes to find Rheya dead  having committed suicide and  in front of Gordon and Snow  Chris wills her back to a restored state.
Gordon reveals.
She has an apparatus which can permanently destroy a replica to using it on Rheya.
He begins ingesting a chemical stimulant to stay awake.
Order to monitor Rheya.
Chris eventually falls asleep.
Rheya approaches Gordon.
Who destroys her as she has done for all replicas who have requested her to do so.
Chris confronts Gordon.
She only wants the preservation of the humans.
Chris and Gordon then discover.
The body stashed away in a ceiling vent and realize that the Snow they have been interacting with is a replica.
Snow admits and explains that upon being dreamed into existence  he was attacked by his creator and thus killed the ` original Snow  in.
The Snow replica tells them.
Repeat usage has drained the ship s fuel cell reactor  making a return trip to Earth impossible.
Furthermore  Solaris has reacted by increasing its mass  thereby gravitationally pulling the space station toward the planet.
Gordon and Chris begin prepping a smaller space vehicle called Athena to escape.
Chris is shown pondering his experiences back on Earth  discontentedly concluding -- as suicidal.
The reason Rheya s replica wanted to die was because he remembered her wrong.
One day he cuts his finger.
The wound immediately regenerates.
As Rheya s replica once did.
Then Rheya appears  declaring.
They transcend life and death and that all they ve done is forgiven.
This suggests.
Chris is nt really  or that what s on Earth is nt really Chris.
Chris never actually leaves the space station  he sends her off alone and stays behind to plummet into Solaris.
<EOS>
Jean  captain  has a new wife  Juliette.
They are married  having hardly met.
The opening sequence -- the newlyweds  march -- is filmed in a discontinuous style.
Anticipates the films.
The couple embark.
Functions doubly.
Tensions arise.
Who are not used.
Most  however  stems from Jean.
Who flies  smashing plates and sending cats scattering every which way  when he discovers Juliette and first mate Jules  an obsessive cat lover  talking in the latter s quarters.
Arriving go to a music club.
There they meet a street peddler.
Who flirts and asks her to run off with him.
This leads.
Growing disaffected and enamored with the lights of Paris  Juliette runs off.
Jean  furious  casts off  leaving her behind.
He slips.
Jules tries to revive him.
Meanwhile  Juliette wanders the mainland looking.
Instead she only finds dark streets and crime.
Jules decides to find Juliette.
Jean jumps and is rescued by his shipmates.
He returns her.
The couple are happily reunited.
<EOS>
A movie theater projectionist and janitor is.
However  he has a rival  the local sheik.
Neither has much money.
The projectionist buys a $ 1 box  all he can afford  and changes the price to $ 4 before giving it and a ring to her.
The sheik steals and pawns the girl s father s pocket watch.
He buys a $ 3 box of chocolates for the girl.
The sheik slips the pawn ticket.
When the father notices his watch is missing.
The projectionist  studying to be a detective   is banished.
Offers to solve the crime  but when the pawn ticket is found.
He falls asleep and dreams.
Showing a film.
He enters the movie.
The other actors are replaced.
The girl shows up to tell him.
When he awakens.
She learned the identity.
He mimics the actor s behavior.
A reconciliation is playing.
<EOS>
Film star Paul Henderson mysteriously disappears.
Inspector Holloway is called to investigate.
Inquiring  Holloway is told some of the house s history.
He then contacts the estate agent renting the house.
Who elaborates further.
<EOS>
The sounds named.
Kiles is lying.
It does nt look.
He has long to live.
The frail fellow recovers and returns to live.
Luck would have it.
The news keeps getting better.
When one reads his palm and tells him that his fifth wife will be a beautiful young woman.
Kiles is nt a man to wait around to find him  so he tells his future-seeing househelp to track down someone.
Who owes him money and demand that they give him their daughter s hand.
The unfortunate and indebted man has a beautiful daughter named Teuy.
Who the servant finds conveniently.
Her devoted boyfriend Plok is a cremator.
He has been taking the golden coins to save for their wedding.
Has. 
When the servant comes knocking he.
Close does nt cut it.
Who predictably agrees to marry her off to erase his debts.
It s not long.
Old man Kiles and young beauty Teuy are preparing to be married.
<EOS>
George Kutty is a senior engineering student.
His family  once rich  is now struggling financially.
He has three younger sisters.
Ittichen is a rich but miserly  cruel and uncultured landlord.
His daughter is Alice.
Who lives.
To save George s family  Chandy  the marriage broker  brings Alice together with George Kutty.
He lies to Ittichen.
Ittichen comes to know.
He vents all his anger.
George is forced to stay at his in-laws house doing menial jobs.
He accepts his fate.
He was also part.
He changes his approach and decides to take.
When it becomes too much for him to bear.
Who is the Police Inspector.
He also saves Ittichen s life.
Finally Ittichen accepts George.
George and Alice set off.
Denied the right to go outside.
<EOS>
Visconti s retelling starts with Sandra/Electra returning to her ancestral home in Italy - and reviving an intimate involvement with her brother - on the eve of an official ceremony commemorating the death of her Jewish father in a Nazi concentration camp.
Troubles her naive American husband.
He is ostensibly criticising.
He is ambivalently drawn to the decadent society.
Armando Nannuzzi s camera lovingly caresses the creaking old mansion  set.
Where the incestuous siblings determine to wreak revenge.
Something may not quite achieve tragedy.
It looks marvellous.
English translation   Glimmering stars  I never thought  Shining down on my father s garden   Nor talk to you ever again from the windows  Of this house.
I d be back to see you.
Where I spent my childhood.
Saw the last vanish.
<EOS>
The Virgin Spring tells the story  set  of a prosperous Christian.
Whose daughter  Karin is appointed to take candles.
Karin is accompanied.
Who secretly worships the Norse deity Odin.
The two part  and Karin sets out on her own.
Ingeri encounters a one-eyed man  converses briefly with him  and then flees in terror.
Karin meets three herdsmen  and invites them to eat her lunch.
Eventually  the two older men rape and murder Karin.
The two older men then leave the scene.
The younger is left to watch the sheep.
He obviously takes the situation poorly.
He quickly becomes sick.
The herders then  unknowingly  seek shelter.
Her parents  played  discover.
The goat herders murdered their daughter when the goat herders offer to sell Karin s clothes.
The father locks the trio in the chamber and kills them.
The next day  the parents set out to find their daughter s body.
Her father vows.
Although he can not understand why God would allow such a thing to happen  he will build a church because his conscience is forcing him to atone.
A spring begins to flow.
Her parents lift her head.
Where she was lying.
Ingeri then begins to wash herself.
Karin s parents clean her muddied face.
<EOS>
Chauvel s film uses introductory enacted scenes showing the mutiny  followed  anthropological style  of the mutineers  descendants on Pitcairn Island.
Chauvel also used but was probably not.
Footage  and film of an underwater shipwreck  filmed with a glass bottomed boat  which he believed was the Bounty.
This was Chauvel s first ` talkie.
He had clearly not learned to direct actors  the dialogue is very stiff and amateurish.
Curator s notes  combined with acted scenes  is similar to the hybrid silent and talking pictures.
Were produced to sound.
It also represents the combination.
He returned toward the end of his career with the BBC television series Walkabout.
Review website.
Despite the poorly written dialogue  Charles Chauvel the documentary sections retain their excellence.
A return  with one scripted modern scene  probably sought to make the film a useful voice for the Pitcairn Island community.
Which a child suffers.
Who had been generous.
The film mixed re-enactments  and focused not so much on the mutiny itself as on its consequences.
Curators notes.
<EOS>
Set  TV news-magazine host David Potrero looks back at the major changes in America and the rest of 153 allied nations after the implementation of the 40 Point Plan five years earlier.
Various newscasters read into reality stories.
Reveal an alternative world enjoying the effects.
Attention makes.
Set. 
The plan seem entirely possible.
Is the 2012 formation National Employment Corporation of America  led by a of famous celebrity billionaires -- the dream team of executives.
Who s who.
NECA solves the unemployment problem.
Its many American made products throughout the country and around the world.
Is. 
What separates NECA.
What it does.
One third go to the organization s charitable efforts  particularly the health care system.
Essentially this is a complete alternative.
Avoid the arguing.
Many are solved  not by the government  but by private enterprise.
The story is brought by interviews with people affected by NECA s development  including a NECA executive  Dr Kelly Rivers  a doctor in the medical program  Dr Joe DelGado  a food skytower owner Nathan Kuthbert and a formerly homeless success story Valerie Sinclair.
<EOS>
An old Russian emigrant woman dies.
Dying  she tells her granddaughter.
She has hidden her treasures under the lion.
Unfortunately  she was heard also by a solid doctor  2 male nurses  an Italian mafioso and a hobbling man.
They all fly to Russia by the same flight.
Having some adventures  they all arrive to Leningrad and begin to dig under every lion statue in the city.
<EOS>
Syd awakens.
When he received a phone call.
Syd decides to attend anyway  bringing  a smartly dressed banker.
Not invited.
Who delivers cocaine to Syd to their mutual dealer.
The enigmatic Bateman and Syd install themselves in the bathroom.
Attempting to discuss philosophical matters.
Bateman schools the desperately self-involved Syd to see the errors of his ways.
The private party-within-a-party is soon joined.
Who feign sympathy to grab some free blow.
Bateman challenges him to go out and talk.
When Syd learns that London has arrived.
Syd and London decide to leave to talk somewhere more private.
A fight ensues.
They are leaving.
Syd and Bateman fight the other male guests.
They make up in Syd s car and have sex later in London s apartment.
At the airport  Syd says.
I love you.
She still leaves him.
This impresses London deeply.
<EOS>
John Walden  a light-skinned African American lawyer  returns after being away for 20 years.
Walden has passed as white and been successful.
He discovers domestic turmoil  his mother is trying to dissuade his sister Rena.
Who is also light skinned.
Walden suggest.
Rena abandon Fowler and move to another part of the city  where she could pass for white.
Her brother sets her up.
Rena reluctantly agrees.
Who are initially unaware.
Rena is pursued.
Who proposes marriage.
Becoming uncomfortable  Rena tells her brother.
She is a negress and is tired.
Rena reunites.
They elope.
Richard Corliss  An Oscar June 6 .
<EOS>
Caveman Fred Flintstone gets by hanging up decorations and being all-together joyful while awaiting the arrival of his daughter Pebbles  her husband Bamm-Bamm and their twin children  daughter Roxy and son Chip.
They will arrive.
However  they are mugged by a Santa.
Fred hands Barney to give him the bird  but.
Tossing the turkyssaurus the Santa breaks.
Seizing the opportunity  the two run away.
They identify the thief.
When Fred and Barney get.
Who turns out to be a caveless abandoned child named Stoney.
Stoney used to be the horror of foster homes because of his stealing habits.
Feeling sympathy  Wilma decides to adopt him  despite Fred s initial reluctance.
They try to show Stoney and attempt to teach him.
They trust him.
Stealing is wrong.
However  things get slightly bleaker.
When Pebbles and her family get stuck.
The Rubbles and The Flintstones then go Christmas tree shopping  but ca nt afford any.
Are nt smaller.
Stoney attempts to help to bet on him.
He plays a game in order to earn enough money to buy the tree.
He chases Stoney.
When a man loses.
Who runs.
The man claims.
Stoney cheated him.
Fred asks.
This is true.
Stoney then truthfully replies yes.
He gets hit by the man.
When Fred believes him.
Fred then goes  but his boss informs him.
His boss finalizes his no.
When he tries to protest.
To make it up  Stoney poses as his boss s driver and locks him up in the Flintstone s bathroom.
Will allow Fred to participate.
Instead  Fred saves his boss and ends up.
Where he eventually bonds.
However  the social worker then takes Stoney away.
Meanwhile Fred s boss makes him go.
Fred saves Stoney.
There. 
Fred sees Pebbles and her family  and Stoney bonds with the twins.
Fred says.
The new addition gets to put the star on the Christmas tree.
Stoney thinks  but it turns out.
Fred is referring.
He becomes a Flintstone.
Bamm-Bamm helps.
Him put.
They all have a happy Christmas.
<EOS>
The film begins by Ellie.
She asks the camera.
She can tell their story.
She suggests from the beginning.
Country high school student Ellie sets off.
They hike down into a remote valley known as Hell.
Ellie wakes to a sky full of military aircraft.
The group finds.
Their homes abandoned  down.
The group sees and showground.
The only lights are at the hospital.
They find.
The citizens are being detained.
Ellie witnesses a man being executed too quickly  being spotted by a searchlight.
They flee but are pursued into the backyard of a house.
Ellie  using Kevin s singlet  lighter and the fuel tank  creates an explosion.
Eliminates the squad.
They find.
Lee and Robyn are missing.
Ellie and Corrie witness an RAAF jet fighter being shot down.
Whilst the group gathers to Hell  an enemy helicopter performs a close examination of the house.
Homer shoots.
Retreats. 
The group barely escape.
A jet destroys the home.
That night  Ellie and Homer sneak back and find Robyn in her house.
Lee has been wounded  and is being treated.
Who informs them that the invading forces are bringing from ships moored in Cobbler s Bay over the Wirrawee Bridge.
Robyn  Homer  Lee and Ellie meet back up at Corrie s home.
They decide to return.
They stop at a random house  and are greeted by school mate Chris.
Who is incredibly stoned and has no idea that a war is going on.
Chris joins the group.
They return  with plans to use it as a secluded hideout.
Where the enemy forces will not find them.
They hear a radio transmission revealing.
There. 
Australia has been invaded from nearby Asia  who believe that they have a right to the country s vast natural resources and wealth.
Order to sustain their growing populations.
The transmission also reveals.
One is nearby Cobbler s Bay  the only exit from which is the Heron Bridge  which the group then makes plans to destroy.
The group sneaks back to Wirrawee  and devise a plan to blow up Heron Bridge.
Ellie and Fi steal a petrol tanker.
They park it and  while waiting for the rest of the team to take their positions.
They rush to drive the tanker forward under the bridge.
The plan necessarily brought forward  Homer and Lee scare a herd onto the bridge  forcing.
The sentry guards to flee their posts  allowing Ellie to park the tanker.
Working together  they manage to explode the tanker.
Utterly destroys the bridge.
Corrie however is shot.
Kevin decides to drive Corrie  and remain by her side.
Who is seriously wounded.
The group return.
Ellie then finishes her video log  revealing their ongoing guerilla war.
The necessity to fight  and that they have yet to be found.
<EOS>
Charley Brewster is a huge fan.
He stays up late to watch the horror movie TV series.
Fright Night hosted.
Charley discovers.
His new next door neighbor  Jerry Dandridge is a vampire.
Charley tries to tell his naturally skeptical yet loving mother  and asks his friends for their help.
He calls the police.
They believe.
When he reveals his suspicions.
He has a wild imagination and ignore his claims.
That night Charley gets a visit himself.
Who offers Charley a choice  Forget.
I ll forget.
Charley tries to use his crucifix.
The latter stops him and slowly tries to push Charley.
Charley stabs Jerry.
Enraged  Jerry destroys Charley s car and warns Charlie.
He plans to do much worse later.
Charley turns  for help.
Peter dismisses Charley.
Charley s girlfriend  Amy Peterson  fears.
She hires the financially destitute Vincent to prove that Jerry is not a vampire holy water.
It turns out to only be tap water.
Vincent accidentally discovers Jerry s true nature.
Causes him to accidentally drop and smash the mirror.
Peter flees but Jerry learns of Peter s discovery after finding a piece of his pocket mirror on the floor.
Jerry hunts down and turns Charley s friend  Edward Evil Thompson.
Evil then visits Peter and tries to attack him  only to be warded off.
When injured.
Meanwhile  Jerry chases Charley and Amy.
Jerry hypnotizes and abducts Amy.
Charley is trying to call Peter.
Who bears a resemblance.
Charley attempts to gain Peter s help once more.
Peter  frightened  initially refuses  but then reluctantly resumes his Vampire Killer role as Charley approaches his neighbor s house.
The two are able to repel Jerry s attack using a crucifix.
He has faith.
Billy Cole  Jerry s live-in carpenter and daytime protector  appears and knocks Charley.
Peter flees  finding  and is attacked by Evil Ed.
Mrs Brewster is.
Who takes a wolf form.
Peter apparently kills Evil.
An unconscious Charley is taken.
Who has been turned by Jerry.
Peter says.
The process can be reversed  but only if they kill Jerry.
Charley and Peter are then confronted.
Whom Peter shoots  that Billy is human due to having a reflection and appearing during daytime.
This theory proves to be incorrect.
Billy rises again and is only killed when staked by Charley.
Jerry appears.
Peter is able to lure the overconfident vampire.
Him ablaze.
Jerry turns and attacks Peter and Charley before fleeing  wounded  to his coffin in the basement.
Charley and Peter go  Peter breaks open Jerry s coffin and tries to stake him through the heart.
Whilst Charley has to fight off Amy  who has completed her transformation.
Peter and Charley are able to expose Jerry to the sunlight and kill him.
Jerry s death leads Amy to become human once more  and the three embrace.
A few nights later Peter returns and announces a break from vampires  instead selecting to present an alien invasion movie  watched in Charley s bedroom by Charley and Amy.
The last shot shows two red eyes appearing.
<EOS>
Daniel  a charismatic dancer  is drugged and abducted.
They proceed to torture and rape him.
They take him and dump him out.
He loses his ability to dance and has problems relating.
When he is left to return.
To reclaim his identity  he seeks revenge.
He does so.
Who responds.
<EOS>
Colin  is a mild mannered newsagent.
One  he works all day and then plays in his local darts team in the evening and.
Is all there is.
One night  he discovers.
His wife  Sandra  has been unfaithful.
They have an argument.
When confronted.
She leaves him.
The darts team are just about to go in Blackpool.
Geoff drops Colin  and takes Sandra with him for a weekend away.
Colin s best friend Zippy advises him.
If he does nothing  he would one day look back  so he resolves to travel to Blackpool and tell his wife that he loves her.
He stocks up  and leaves the newsagent in the hands of his regular customers.
Jumps moped and starts traveling.
His first stop-off is.
Where he tries to strike up a conversation.
His clumsy attempts at small talk are ignored by the busy waitress.
He heads into a biker pub.
Ignoring all the laughs and jeers  he makes his way to the bar  and starts chatting with landlord  Ron  and his barmaid  Mandy.
He strikes up a conversation of the bikers  Ian.
Who challenges him.
Colin joins Ian and his girlfriend at the back of the pub.
Ian persuades Colin to allow him to cut his hair.
Colin attends a performance at the pub by English folk singer Kate Rusby.
Colin spends.
The rest entertaining his new friends with darts stories of his hero  Eric Bristow  and toothbrush juggling around the campfire.
All his new friends are gone  so he continues.
When he wakes the next day.
Taking a break to stretch his legs he meets an eco-warrior chained  and shares a cheese sandwich.
Later he happens and spends a few hours in their company.
He has a heart  explaining  yet it was still not enough.
He gave Sandra everything she ever wanted.
He discovers.
When he decides to get going.
The girls have decorated his beloved moped.
He heads up a highway  pulling.
He climbs off his bike to check the map.
When a horrible noise signals the destruction of his moped under the wheels of a speeding lorry.
Colin probably hits his lowest ebb  but forces the tears back and determines to complete his mission.
He is passed.
Walking along the road.
Who is taking his barmaid.
She however  has brought her daughter along  seeing this weekend as more of an opportunity to get away with her kid.
Ron asks Colin to return the favour of the lift  and take the kid out of the way for a few hours.
He then proceeds to chat up the hotel receptionist.
Colin asks Mandy and her daughter if the two fancy joining him for a stroll.
The three have great fun at the fair  and stuff themselves with all sorts of junk food.
They all have a great time  but come evening  Colin says.
He needs to go find his friends.
He is walking and sees his wife with her fancy man and instead of confronting.
Them runs.
Colin heads towards the venue of the darts finals.
He finds Geoff having an argument.
When he enters.
Soon deteriorates.
He asks Sandra.
She would mind stepping out.
She agrees.
She tearfully confesses.
Her regret and that she no longer wants to be involved.
She realizes.
She has been very stupid  and is looking.
Colin tells her.
He loves her more than anyone else  but that he does not want to go back to his old life.
He has experienced some  and wants to continue on the road to see.
What is.
He offers her the newsagents and wishes her goodbye.
You then see Colin walking.
When one catch his eye.
It is his hero Eric Bristow.
He nods a hello  and is rewarded.
The final scene shows Colin.
Then announces.
That s the bike.
The camera pans  much like his old one.
<EOS>
Peter Hamilton is a researcher working.
Eager to see  Peter steals a sample and inoculates his pregnant girlfriend  however  Peter s private experiment goes horribly wrong.
The scientist s latest formula would work.
When his girlfriend gives birth and the child begins to grow.
His child will grow to adulthood and die.
Peter and his associates can find a way to stop it.
<EOS>
He leaves college and joins the Texas Rangers himself.
When Tom King s Texas Ranger father is shot dead.
Shortly he is given the mission.
King teams up.
Who witnessed his father s murder.
Who shares an interest as the agents are working.
<EOS>
The story centers.
A boxing promoter banned until he finds a promising start in his son Eddie.
The night sees.
Eddie killed.
Simpson suspects rival Frank Spedding.
Billy seeks revenge  only to grow mad.
His suspicions draw closer.
<EOS>
The movie  Their Eyes Were Watching God  opens.
She states.
The movie will make people have a different outlook.
She states.
The movie begins.
Hurston will be very proud.
It switches into the actual film.
Begins. 
She mentions.
There are two things that people need to find out.
She says.
Love is because it is a moving thing that is on every shore.
You hear people.
She continues to walk into her home.
Who we later learn to be her younger third lover  has taken all and abandoned her.
They assume this.
She returned to Eatonville alone with no Tea Cake in sight.
However  ignoring these comments  Janie enters her house and begins playing the piano.
Her best friend  Pheoby Watson walks and brings her food.
Pheoby gives Janie her opinion.
Tea Cake was a bad person who took advantage.
Janie disagrees.
She believes that what Tea Cake and her had was real love.
The scene switches.
She is explaining herself.
Where her life story will begin.
The scene takes place.
Janie is standing.
She sees Johnny Taylor.
She is looking.
She runs.
They begin.
Moments shortly  her grandmother  Nanny  catches her kissing him.
Nanny drags Janie away and tells her.
She does not want Janie to be.
Therefore  this leads.
Nanny announces.
She has arranged a marriage with an elderly man named Logan Killicks.
Janie   speaks back.
Who is unfavorable.
She did not want to marry him.
Nanny slaps her across the face and says.
Killicks can support her that he owns.
This arrangement has to be made  therefore  Janie can not support herself on her own.
They both know that Nanny is getting old.
Janie runs off into a nearby lake and lays there floating.
She looks out and begins watching God.
Janie ends up marrying and beginning a life.
They both physically work together.
One day  Logan realizes  therefore  he goes to buy one.
They need another plier.
Janie asks.
She can come.
He tells her to stay to work.
Janie releases their pigs and encounters Joe Jody Starks.
Who is walking passed.
They converse.
Joe tells her.
He is going to place that will eventually become a great town.
Joe tries to convince Janie to come.
She denies.
He tells her.
If she changes her mind  he will be waiting down the road after sunrise the next morning.
That night  she asks him.
Janie and Logan are.
What he would do if she were to leave him.
Logan states.
She must not appreciate his treatment and his sixty acres that he has to offer her.
He finalizes the conversation.
What she has to do.
Janie realizes.
She only married him.
She will not feel love.
If she waits.
Therefore the next morning  she decides to go with Joe to find change.
Joe and Janie arrive as a married couple.
Janie now carries the name Mrs Starks.
One of the persons is Amos Hicks.
They are greeted.
Joe Starks asks Amos.
He knows where Eatonville is.
Amos replies.
Have currently reached Eatonville.
Joe and Janie see.
Eatonville is a town that has been barely developed.
Therefore  Joe takes the role.
They construct a newly built Eatonville.
Actually represents a real  decent town.
Also  Joe built a two story home  and a shop for them to run a business.
A festivity is held for Mayor Joe Starks to present and document the town as official.
The ladies of Eatonville make Janie a dress to wear  however  Joe ordered her an outfit from one of the finest stores in Orlando telling her the ladies made for her.
The outfit he bought was more appropriate compared to the one.
Janie overhears some of the ladies saying.
Since Janie is not wearing there dress  they must think she is too good to wear the dress that they made.
She expresses an emotion of uneasiness but must deal with the opinions.
Amos Hicks shouts out loud to give a speech as well.
Joe finishes giving his speech.
Janie smiles and seems to be about ready to say something  but Joe cuts her off.
He did not marry her.
The next day  some gather up to play checkers in front of the Starks  shop.
Amos Hicks admires her hair and lightly touches it.
Janie is standing there.
Joe sees this occurrence and tells Janie to come back into the shop.
He hands her a scarf and tells her to wrap up her hair  giving her the reason.
She must wrap up her hair because she is the mayor s wife.
Janie throws the scarf and runs out of the shop into their home  with Joe following her.
Joe follows her out and tells her.
She is done packing up her belongings.
The locals watching  that all she will be is someone who men will take advantage of and toss into the ditch in the end.
Janie ends up walking back into their home  agreeing to wrap up her hair in the scarf.
Every day  Janie lived a routine life  breakfast  lunch at noon  and dinner by six.
Twenty years past and Janie still lives the same routine life.
Was designed by Joe.
When getting Sam Watson some tobacco.
Janie does not like the fact.
Joe calls her old and talks back about his own old age.
Janie further insults Joe s manhood.
She walks out.
Angry and humiliated  Joe follows Janie and smacks her  knocking her onto the ground.
She struggles to stand up on her forehead.
Phoeby comes to comfort Janie and take her away.
Joe Starks looks back and goes back into the shop.
Phoeby gives Janie a place to sleep away.
One day  a doctor visits the household to check.
Janie watches this and  realizing  pays a visit.
Joe is going to die soon.
Janie thanks him.
He is lying.
He gave her.
He bought.
She also tells him  however.
Her own feelings were diminished just to make room.
Janie gained class.
She was not allowed to create her own identity.
Joe tries to silence her.
Janie berates him.
He looks directly and wishes death upon her before finally passing away.
Joe hears this.
Janie finally removes her scarf.
She states.
She feels free.
The scene drifts off.
A year finally passes.
One day  a gentlemen enters and asks.
Janie is working alone.
Everyone else is at the ball game except for them two.
She asks him.
He responds saying that.
Janie is here working.
They continue mingle and agree to play a game.
Janie loses.
He tells her.
He will teach her how to play one day.
Janie says.
He can teach her as long as he does not cheat her.
He offers her a drink and introduces himself.
The scene changes.
Amos Hicks continue to carry the goal.
Janie does not feel the same way.
Janie is sitting eating an apple.
She sees Tea Cake coming to.
Where the checker table is.
He yells across to Janie to challenge him again.
Amos Hicks volunteers to teach Janie.
They begin to play.
To play.
However   Janie is not paying attention.
He is talking.
She is too focused.
Tea Cake and Janie continue to hang out that night.
He introduces her.
Janie asks him to leave.
She does not want to be taken advantaged  especially because Tea Cake is younger than her.
Therefore  she believes.
He has had many flings.
The next morning Tea Cake shows up to convince her and prove through actions and not just words.
He is serious two.
Later  she goes out.
There  he teaches her.
To shoot and aim a gun.
They continue to hang out doing many activities together.
Janie has never done before.
Seeing this  Phoeby has a talk.
She is worried with Tea Cake.
Phoeby reminds her.
What happened.
Annie had run off.
Ended taking all and leaving her.
Janie is not convinced  therefore  she still decides to run off.
Tea Cake is.
Janie and Tea Cake dance the night away and end up having a sexual romantic night together.
She wakes up to find him.
All missing.
He finally arrives back.
He sweet talks his way back.
He took her money to gamble to try to win more money to take her out and buy her pretty things.
He says.
He wanted to win the world but does not want to drag her down by doing so.
Janie replies back saying.
He can not drag her down.
Pleased  Tea Cake then brings up the subject about both of them living in Everglades.
Janie ends up agreeing.
There is a variety of different types of people.
Who all express their sense.
That night  there is a music and dance festivity held.
This scene plays a part.
Living there  Janie volunteers.
Living  Janie felt for the first time.
She was living her life because she finally had freedom and real love.
The scene changes.
A few Indians pass and tell them.
They are fishing.
They are going because a big storm is coming.
Many move up north as well.
They offer Tea Cake and Janie a ride.
They decide to stay to continue work.
They spend the night together in their home.
They converse.
Janie expresses her love.
He is surprised.
He did not know that she felt that strongly.
Unexpectedly  a hurricane comes crashing and takes them both with it.
A dog appears and tries to attack Janie.
Janie is swimming around searching for Tea Cake.
Tea Cake comes and attacks the dog  however  he gets bit.
A week later  the storm settles down.
People return to try to rebuild the town.
Tea Cake has been feeling awfully sick.
A doctor checks up and tells Janie.
Tea Cake has rabies and must be taken as soon as possible.
The doctor tells Janie.
He will try his best to get Janie the medicine that Tea Cake needs.
Janie sees Tea Cake s personality changing due to the rabies taking control over him.
One night  Janie finds a gun.
Tea Cake wakes.
The next morning remain.
When Tea Cake leaves the house  Janie is able to remove four bullets but two.
Tea Cake returns.
Tea Cake asks Janie.
She does not sleep anymore.
She agrees to lie next to him.
She sees a rifle hanging.
She is lying there.
She hears a car arriving and thinks.
It is the doctor.
Therefore  she runs out  however  it ends up.
Tea Cake is standing there and slams the door.
She comes back.
He believes that Janie is trying to run off.
Tea Cake holds the gun at Janie.
There is no bullet.
Janie tells him.
The rabies is taking control and advises him to try to fight against it.
He fires again.
Once again there is no bullet.
He continues to shoot.
Janie asks him.
He recognizes her.
He aims the gun again.
This time  there will definitely be a bullet reaching Janie.
He were.
He reaches again.
Janie grabs the rifle and fires in.
He is able to fire.
Tea Cake ends up dying.
The scene changes back.
Where Janie is telling Phoeby her life story to prove why Tea Cake was not a bad guy.
Phoeby tells her.
She is now motivated to live her life and to create a.
Phoeby leaves.
She can begin working.
The movie ends.
She lies there flat and looks up into the sky.
She hears Tea Cake s voice.
She is watching God.
<EOS>
The movie is presented  each bearing a title  The Stranger  Arden lives with her abusive  invalid mother.
One day she discovers the naked body.
Arden becomes a minor celebrity  drawing the attention.
Who tells her the dead woman is the victim.
Rudy asks Arden out.
Arden gets.
Compels her to finally leave home.
Arden has her date.
Arden calls the police to report a woman left alone at home.
The Sister  Leah is prepping the dead woman.
When she notices a certain birthmark.
Leah suspects.
The dead woman is her sister  Jenny  who was taken.
She asks the sheriff to match the dental records.
She is certain.
The dead woman is her missing sister.
Leah s parents refuse to believe their daughter.
Jenny is dead.
The sheriff delivers the test result  the dead woman is NOT Jenny.
The Wife  Ruth is angry.
Her husband  Carl  constantly leaves her alone night.
The next morning  she discovers clothing  wallets  and ID s inside a storage unit.
Is supposedly empty.
She matches the IDs.
Carl comes back late with scratches on his neck.
He leaves the house to go to the car outside.
He pulls a trash bag out and goes to the storage unit.
Ruth asks Carl.
He knows anything.
He says no.
Later that night  Ruth enters the unit and pulls everything out.
She drives  but does nt follow through with her plan to present the evidence  instead Ruth returns home to burn the evidence.
She found.
The Mother  The dead woman has been identified.
Melora  Krista s mother  is notified.
Melora goes and finds Rosetta  Krista s former roommate.
Melora learns.
Her daughter Krista had been a prostitute  that she bore a daughter  and that Melora s late husband had sexually abused her own daughter Krista.
The following day  Melora takes Krista s daughter home.
The Dead Girl  Krista buys her daughter a stuffed animal.
One promises to drive her to Norwalk.
Where her daughter is.
He backs out.
Krista goes back and finds her room-mate Rosetta -- implied to be her lover -- severely beaten.
Krista believes the culprit to be a man named Tommy.
Krista vandalizes Tommy s car and   she beats him up and leaves.
When he tries to stop her.
Krista calls Rosetta  and tearfully asks  Rosetta does nt reply.
Rosetta loves her.
Krista hangs up  heartbroken.
Krista hitches a ride.
When the motorcycle breaks down.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Imam Abdullah Haron was incarcerated and killed in detention in Cape Town  South Africa.
A much loved community leader  he was active in raising awareness of the plight of his fellow compatriots living under apartheid.
Imam Haron became more active and began travelling abroad to raise funds for impoverished families back home.
Mixing animation  documentary and stock footage  this short film looks.
It is told through the eyes of a child.
<EOS>
TVs and other electronics that changed their life.
<EOS>
The film portrays the experience through various incarnations.
Williams is the only common actor.
Span man s history.
An attempt means the ordinariness of life throughout the ages  Being Human is deliberately slow in its pace.
Order to emphasize how slow life often is.
The structure is one.
Who keeps making the same relationships and mistakes.
Appears to be an ancient Celt.
She says  Do nt lose the children.
His wife is taken away.
Hector longed to be free to find the children and wife.
He had before he became a slave.
He has fallen with another slave and forgets his waiting family.
Third incarnation  He is a Scottish crusader.
The master is now a crusader trying to decide to be a priest or not.
They travel together.
Hector finds his soul mate.
She is a widow and wishes Hector to join her family.
His duties pull at him.
Fourth incarnation  Hector is finally forced to confront his capacity.
He is a Portuguese man.
He is the master  his wife from the first incarnation shipwrecked with him as his spurned lover  and the raider.
Who spirited her away is her steadfast friend.
Fifth incarnation  He is a modern man  paying the consequences of cowardly indecision and gaining the strength to address the children.
He lost lifetimes ago.
He is joined by his master/slave/friend / soul mate  and former wife/lover and her husband/raider from life times past.
They support.
Him but are people who are trying to find their own way  just as in the past lives.
<EOS>
Morampudi Anil Kumar is a well educated.
Who comes.
He is offered a night watchman job by an employer.
Who is impressed.
Anil starts looking.
Satyanandam stays and takes care of a house of his friend living in America  collecting rent for him.
Swathi stays and works in a software firm.
Satyanandam is interested and offers the house to Anil on the condition.
He can stay there.
Anil agrees and moves.
Anil is impressed and understands.
The room is decorated.
The lady staying there has a very good taste.
The colony is full.
Satyanandam is a miser trying to make money.
What ever means he can.
His crazy brother-in-law keeps creating trouble and others in the colony.
The washer-man sells his crazy ideas.
Potti Raju keeps making several attempts to start his own business but always ends up.
The interaction.
Arise. 
Anil accidentally breaks Swathi s porcelain artefact in the room and writes a letter to her apologising for his mistake.
Swathi comes  and learns.
Some one else has been staying without her knowledge.
But she takes a liking and lets him stay in her house.
When she is not there.
Both keep communicating.
Become good friends  gradually falling without seeing each other.
Anil and Swathi also happen to meet.
When she accidentally accuses him.
They start but become good friends without knowing.
They are room mates too.
One day  Anil comes to know  but does not reveal this  wanting to surprise her at the time of marriage.
The friend he has been meeting outside is none other.
Anand  the brother takes a liking for her  and sends his father to her adopted parents in the village seeking alliance.
Swathi s poor parents express interest.
It would help them to get their two younger daughters married.
Swathi is.
She wants to help her father who adopted her and brought her up.
She can not let go.
She expresses her dilemma  without any knowledge.
It is that she is in love actually.
Anil realises.
Swathi s family would benefit with Anand.
He leaves a letter.
He is deserting Swathi and going.
He comforts Swathi and convinces her to marry Anand.
However  Swathi comes to know the truth through Anil s friend.
They unite.
<EOS>
The Ryans are an old family steeped in tradition.
Donald Ryan edits the local newspaper.
His brothers and sisters run the funeral parlour.
Early one morning  Donald s son Draper Doyle goes to surprise his father with a birthday cake  only to witness something traumatic.
Two days later  Donald Ryan is dead.
Draper Doyle s sleep is plagued by nightmares.
He realises.
He has no memories.
Draper Doyle tries to come to terms with the truth about Donald Ryan.
The key may be Donald s lucky hockey puck.
<EOS>
Ordinary family man Warren Yeager and his wife Jeannette are delighted to have a documentary filmmaker  Albert Brooks  choose them -- he intends to capture every waking moment of their daily life on film.
It is a project.
Brooks confidently announces  even greeting them with a song.
The concept is to go about their business at their Phoenix home  work and school.
Every word they say.
Brooks promises to be as unobtrusive  taking up a separate residence in the neighborhood and promising not to interfere.
Little  though  the stress of everyday life is complicated by the presence of the film crew.
Brooks also becomes the unwitting object.
Yeager  a veterinarian  becomes.
When he is filmed accidentally causing a horse s death.
A grandparent s death similarly upsets Jeannette.
Soon the couple stops talking  becoming   lifeless every day life.
Brooks puts it.
The unscrupulous man is likely to go to any lengths to make his film more interesting.
If it means dressing up to cheer them up or letting the Yeager house catch fire.
<EOS>
Frank Perry is a lifer and has long accepted.
He will never see the outside again.
He starts to think.
When Perry receives his first letter that his cherished daughter is a drug addict and near death following an overdose.
He soon puts a plan.
But  things get more complicated and lead.
When Perry s new cellmate James Lacey gets noticed.
Change. 
When Perry receives the bad news that his daughter has died his plans.
The film runs two narratives simultaneously  the preparation itself  of Perry and several others.
<EOS>
Abby McWilliams and her brother Loren McWilliams are a pair.
Their parents Mac and Mary Beth are killed.
It s decided.
Abby and Loren will live Charlie and aunt Fay  who own a gas station and a smallish amusement park  both of which are on Charlie and Fay s property.
Loren and Abby do not have much trouble making friends.
Loren starts dating Karen.
Who is the daughter  while Abby starts dating a guy named Mark.
Loren feels uncomfortable.
When he sees a guy.
Mark tells Loren and Abby.
The blond haired guy is Eddie Dutra  a drug-addicted teenager whose henchmen are Gideon  Moonie  Gordo  and Joe Bob.
Dutra thinks.
Abby is very attractive.
That s.
He wants to get his hands.
Loren helps Abby keep Dutra.
Dutra does not like that at all.
Dutra and his gang start retaliating for keeping them away from Abby.
Dutra s retaliations keep getting more and more vicious.
Dutra forces a showdown by kidnapping Abby.
Charlie is severely injured.
Gordo is killed.
Dutra kills the dog.
Loren causes Moonie to be thrown from the ferris wheel  then Loren causes Joe Bob to be electrocuted above the bumper car ride  then Loren uses the roller coaster to decapitate Gideon.
Dutra then fires a shot.
Who flees  where Dutra hits her with the gun.
Dutra then grabs a nozzle.
It up to be used.
Loren grabs Dutra.
Loren and Dutra struggle over the nozzle.
Dutra dies.
When Loren forces the nozzle  setting Dutra on fire.
The newspaper headline reads  Bloodbath at Funland -- Five die.
Dope crazed vandals terrorize amusement park.
Charlie survives his injuries.
The park is reopened.
It s repaired.
Joe Bob s little brother looks on.
Abby  Loren and his girlfriend drive away.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Huckleberry P.
Jones  local pimp  narcotics peddler and slumlord  enters a vacant house.
He owns.
He stumbles and enters it  falling into the Sixth Dimension.
Stashing heroin.
Which he promptly escapes.
He sells the house to the Hercules family.
Frenchy Hercules and her brother Flash have a conversation with Squeezit Henderson.
Who tells them.
While being violently beaten  he had a vision of his transgendered sister Rene  who had fallen into the Sixth Dimension through the door in the Hercules  basement.
Frenchy returns home to confide  and decides to take just a little peek behind the forbidden door in the basement.
She is captured by the perpetually topless Princess.
Who brings Frenchy.
Queen Doris orders their frog servant  Bust Rod  to lock her up.
When the king falls.
King Fausto tells Bust Rod to take Frenchy.
Order to make sure that Frenchy is not harmed.
Where the king keeps his favorite concubines.
The next day tries to convince Squeezit to help him rescue Rene and Frenchy.
Flash enlists the help instead.
When Squeezit refuses.
They speak to an old Jewish man.
Who tells them how to help Frenchy escape.
They soon are captured.
Queen Doris interrogates Flash and Gramps and then lowers them.
She then plots her revenge  relocating all the denizens of Cell 63 to a torture chamber.
She leaves the Princess to oversee Frenchy s torture and execution  but  the torture is put.
When a fuse is blown.
The prisoners are relocated to keep the King from finding them.
Flash and Gramps come across a woman.
Who tells them that she was once happily married  until Doris stole the throne by seducing her  even though she s not my type.
The ex-queen has been sitting  and has been writing a screenplay.
Order to keep her sanity.
Meanwhile  Pa Hercules is blasted by an explosion caused by improperly extinguishing his cigarette in a vat of highly flammable tar during his work break at the La Brea Tar Pit Factory.
Pa falls through the Hercules family basement and into the Sixth Dimension.
Where he is imprisoned.
Finding a phone  Flash calls Squeezit and again asks.
Finally  Squeezit agrees to go to help rescue Frenchy and Rene.
There  he is captured.
Whom he makes a deal to bring him the Princess.
Satan tells him not to worry before having him decapitated.
Squeezit accomplishes this task.
Queen Doris sends Bust Rod to keep an eye  and to ensure.
He does nt find out where she s hidden Frenchy.
King Fausto catches Bust Rod and forces him to lead him.
Whom he orders to leave the Sixth Dimension to avoid the Queen s wrath.
However  en route  Rene is stricken with pseudo-menstrual cramps.
They are again captured.
Squeezit s head   finds the king and informs him.
Has now sprouted chicken wings.
What has happened.
Doris is confronted.
Preparing to kill Frenchy.
The two engage  with Doris eventually coming out as the victor.
King Fausto stops her  explaining.
As she is about to kill Frenchy.
Satan s Mystic Knights are holding the Princess hostage  and will kill her should anything befall Frenchy.
Flash and Gramps arrive.
Flash is knocked down.
Ma Hercules enters and  seeing a seemingly dead Flash  shoots Queen Doris.
King Fausto mourns Doris  then marries Frenchy.
The surviving characters look.
They plan to take over everyone and everything.
<EOS>
Haunted.
He killed.
Who grants him absolution.
Using the address.
He found.
Dr Holderlin initially refuses to welcome Paul  but changes his mind.
Anti-French sentiment continues to permeate Germany.
When his son s fiancee Elsa identifies him.
Paul tells the Holderlin family.
Rather than reveal the real connection.
He was a friend.
The Holderlins befriend Paul.
The hostile townspeople and local gossips disapprove.
Who finds himself falling with Elsa.
He becomes distraught and tells her the truth.
When she shows Paul her former fiance s bedroom.
She convinces him not to confess.
Who have embraced him.
Paul agrees easing his conscience and stays with his adopted family.
Dr Holderlin presents Walter s violin.
Who plays it while Elsa accompanies him.
<EOS>
Jack Harris foresees several million dollars in a duffel bag.
He foresees being.
Then they kidnap a child.
Wayne Beering and Buck Dolby are best friends renting together.
Wayne complains to a brawl on the floor.
Jack and his wife Diana live.
Jack flies to LA for a few weeks to earn money co-managing a nightclub.
Wayne creates an online credit card verification website.
Uses an algorithm programmed.
The website ends up earning thousands.
Jack makes the LA nightclub.
Jack and Buck join forces to make money.
They are faced and kill one of them.
Diana learns.
Jack showers his family with riches.
FBI agents investigate Jack.
Jack helps them catch 100 Afghan terrorists.
<EOS>
A documentary crew.
S.
/ Mexican border are captured.
Who force them.
<EOS>
News clip Jens Stoltenberg inadvertently admitting to the existence of trolls.
The press fails to take notice.
<EOS>
Etsuko  the wife  is lusted after by Mikami s assistant  Numakura.
Numakura plans to poison Mikami and to claim Etsuko.
Viagra is substituted  thereby thwarting Numakura s plans.
<EOS>
The Touch tells the story.
Who have been performing.
The family are   guardians of a holy treasure accessible only by a spectacular jump.
Is impossible to perform.
One are kidnapped by a ruthless treasure hunter to procure the priceless relic for him.
Yeoh s character Pak Yin   her master thief ex-boyfriend  pursues them into an ancient desert.
Where legends say the treasure is buried to uncover and protect the treasure that her ancestors had sworn to keep safe.
The action culminates.
<EOS>
David are walking their dog.
David dies  Erica survives.
Angry and traumatized  she attempts to purchase a gun.
Unwilling to wait to fulfill the legal requirements  she acquires a pistol illegally  and is drawn  killing criminals.
She encounters.
She strikes up a friendship.
Who is investigating the vigilante crimes  though initially unaware  over the course of the film he comes to suspect her as the killer.
<EOS>
A revenge tale.
Mithun heading the cast.
This film was.
Yet to release.
<EOS>
Set  the story focuses on Sweeney Todd  a murderous.
Whose business provides him to his mistress Mrs Lovett  who uses them to prepare meat pies for her unsuspecting clientele.
American Ben Carlyle arrives to track down wealthy diamond merchant Alfred Mannheim and $ 50000 worth of jewels but failed to deliver.
He had sold.
Mannheim s staff advises Carlyle.
Their boss disappeared.
He posts notices offering a reward.
Charlie  a mute orphan  recognizes Mannheim.
Who works to Todd.
The barber shaved just prior.
Realizing  Todd imprisons the boy.
His dastardly deeds are.
Meanwhile  Carlyle is seeking the assistance.
Who happens to be Todd s ward.
He hides himself and has himself deposited in her pie shop cellar with a delivery of meat.
When his suspicions are all but confirmed by a chemist.
There he makes a gruesome discovery.
Spurs him to confront Todd  who overpowers and binds him.
He explains.
He prepares his instruments to torture Carlyle.
What led him.
Charlie   stabs Todd  killing him.
Who has managed to free himself.
He then frees Carlyle.
Who sets the building before escaping with the boy.
<EOS>
Raj  an aggressive stock-broker are a couple in their.
They move expecting peace and quiet.
Life is sweet.
Their promising careers now seem to be nicely complemented.
Cracks start appearing.
When Raj who is light sleeper is disturbed.
They wake him several times.
Finally one night  Raj goes down to investigate and discovers.
It is the night watchman blowing the whistle periodically.
Raj scolds the watchman and forbids him  Janardan insists on the whistling continuing for building security.
Raj tries to garner support.
An issue begins to escalate to take the shape.
Starts. 
He begins to slowly go.
Not being able to sleep begins to take a serious toll on him  both professionally and personally.
He becomes edgy.
His usual smart sense suffers.
He becomes obsessed with any loud noises in the environment.
His disgust begins to drive him crazy.
Moreover   no-one really sympathizes with his problem - not Abha  not Dev - his friend at work  not any of the neighbours.
It annoys Raj immensely.
He genuinely believes that this nightly noise-making is an illogical  uncivilized act.
Hulla is story.
Brings the real character and emotions and the people surrounding him  to the fore.
<EOS>
Phil Weston  is an average person  an upbringing.
Who had to endure his father.
Has left permanent mental scars.
Now middle-aged and married  runs a small vitamin store.
Buck operates a local chain.
Buck is coach.
Sam is.
His grandfather keeps him.
Buck eventually transfers Sam.
Their coach is absent.
Decides to coach the team  a position.
He takes up permanently.
However  the team does not seem to improve.
Phil recruits Mike Ditka.
Who is Buck s neighbor and hated enemy.
Enticed  Ditka accepts the position.
The team continues to lose.
Ditka introduces Phil working in a local butcher s shop.
Phil succeeds.
They have an immediate impact  scoring repeatedly.
The resulting winning streak makes them serious contenders.
A couple said that his team was going to go to the finals.
The Gladiators win then Phil would sell his store and work.
A baby ball struck.
The Tigers win then Buck would hand over his most prized possession  ` The Pele ball.
Phil caught as a child and his father took.
Meanwhile  Ditka also introduces Phil.
Rapidly changes him  to a crazed  over-competitive coach  not that different from his father  abusing kids and parents alike.
The team s mantra becomes Get the ball.
Though effective  demoralizes his team.
He benches his own son for the entire semi-final game.
The Tigers make it.
Where they face off.
The score is two-one to the Gladiators.
Phil realizes the error of his ways.
He tells his team to do exactly the opposite.
What he taught them.
They do nt give up hope.
The Gladiators score one more goal.
Phil gives the goalie a vision test.
Ambrose scores one goal -- making the score.
The score is tied.
The team rallys and produces a spectacular team performance to win 4-3  the winning goal against his uncle Bucky  using a move.
He practiced when his dad benched him.
Honoring the bet  Buck tries to give Phil the ball.
Phil refuses.
Making peace  they merge their businesses  realizing.
There is more than winning.
<EOS>
Global Airways Flight 502 -- using a Boeing 707 -- takes off  to.
Paul  Minnesota.
Captain OHara becomes aware of a bomb threat.
When he goes and sees Bomb on plane divert to Anchorage Alaska.
No Joke  No Tricks.
Death.
He interprets this to mean.
He has to divert his course immediately.
Otherwise the bomb will explode.
OHara changes course immediately and manages to carry out a perfect landing there  despite terrible weather and other circumstances.
A disillusioned soldier  Sgt.
Jerome K.
Weber  a Vietnam veteran driven by his war trauma  is responsible for hijacking the plane  and threatens to blow it up with a bomb.
The majority of economy class passengers escape via an emergency slide.
The remaining passengers are allowed to leave.
Weber then keeps all first class passengers  and Senior Stewardess Angela Thatcher and insists to be flown to Moscow.
He intends to defect.
Weber insists to be flown straight ahead  threatening the pilots with death.
The airline does nt receive clearance to fly.
They do not comply.
Soviet military aircraft appear to intercept the.
Finally  OHara lowers the landing gear and flaps to make the Soviet interceptors aware.
This is a US civilian aircraft and not a military intruder  as the Soviet authorities had thought and had ordered the plane to be shot down.
OHara s actions result.
They have been confronted.
The Soviet military aircraft escort the.
There  all passengers are finally released.
It becomes clear.
OHara and Senior Stewardess Thatcher have been for some time but OHara separated from Thatcher in order to save his marriage.
Thatcher is now.
OHara and Weber are the only persons to remain on board of the.
Weber eventually realizes.
He is unable to achieve the confidence and his attempt to seize the 707 was futile.
Weber shoots him.
When OHara finally tries to kick him out.
Both men stagger down the gangway.
Where finally Weber is shot and killed.
OHara survives  just wounded.
He is looking up  with a great smile of relief.
When he sees a plane just.
<EOS>
The film starts.
One day  he sees a girl  Jiya and falls in love at first sight.
Jiya is working and has a mentally handicapped brother.
Daksh and Jiya spend some time and fall in love.
Daksh  however  is supposed to marry Anahita Madhwani to inherit a million-dollar trust.
Daksh turns to his butler  John Uncle.
John Uncle wanted Daksh to end up marrying Jiya.
However  John gets very ill and gets admitted.
The engagement party is taking place.
John Uncle manages to convince Jiya to go.
Daksh and Jiya dance.
Meanwhile  John Uncle is dying.
Daksh decides to honour John Uncle s memory and goes to propose - she accepts.
Daksh is allowed to marry her.
They live happily ever.
<EOS>
USAF Major Lincoln Bond was captured and subjected to torture  finally cracking after 14 months and signing a confession used for propaganda.
He took a year to recover from the ordeal before showing up at the Flight Test Center at Edwards Air Force Base  hoping to return to work as a test pilot.
His old buddy  Colonel McKee  tries his best.
The base commander  Brigadier General Banner  turns him down.
He can not trust him to be stable.
A complication is.
The general s secretary and love interest  Connie Mitchell  is an old flame.
Bond presses and accepts the general s offer of routine flying in support.
Banner is a hands-on leader  taking the most dangerous assignments himself.
He finds dangerous structural problems.
When Bond flies the new Gilbert XF-120 fighter.
Threaten its imminent acceptance.
However  nobody really believes his claim.
He did not subject the fighter prototype to stresses.
G.
Gilbert  the head.
Built the fighter.
Nothing untoward happens.
When the general tries.
Afterward  Bond sees Banner nearly collapse.
Banner shrugs off the incident.
The two begin to trust each other.
When Banner is endangered.
Bond calmly and expertly comes.
Then Major Joe Craven  another close friend  is killed.
When a wing tears away  confirming Bond s warning.
Bond s rehabilitation is endangered.
When a drunk Major Bromo Lee  Banner s top test pilot  tries to pick a fight at the officers club.
Bond reacts badly  and punches Bromo twice.
Both men were to blame.
He craves.
Is designed to fly.
The general insists  however.
He goes without authorization and barely survives a high-altitude bailout.
When Bond is assigned to fly the last half-power test.
When the aircraft goes out.
The base flight surgeon tells Banner  leading the general to accept a promotion and transfer.
Only a young  fit person could have survived.
He recommends Colonel McKee.
She decides to stay.
Banner offers to take Connie to his new assignment.
<EOS>
Homicide detective Nick Curran is sent to investigate.
When rock star Johnny Boz is viciously stabbed pick during sex by a mysterious blonde woman.
The only suspect is Catherine Tramell  a crime novelist.
Who was the last person to be seen on the night he died.
Nick and his partner  Gus Moran  visit her Pacific Heights mansion.
They find only Catherine s lesbian lover  Roxy.
Who sends them.
She shows little emotion.
When they ask Catherine with Boz.
He is dead.
Nick and Gus  along  discover.
Catherine has written a novel.
Catherine engages in provocative behavior  refuses to extinguish her cigarette  and re-crosses her legs -- her short skirt revealing.
She is not wearing underwear.
Nick   attends counseling sessions.
Who accidentally shot two tourists while high.
Whom he has had an affair.
Nick goes to a bar with co-workers and is taunted by Lieutenant Marty Nilsen  an internal affairs investigator bent on making life difficult for Nick.
Nick leaves  and has aggressive sex with her in his apartment.
When Beth arrives.
He also discovers.
Catherine makes a habit  including Hazel Dobkins  a woman who stabbed her husband and children for no apparent reason.
Catherine taunts Nick with information.
Should be confidential.
Beth is the only person with access to that information.
She admits.
When Nick confronts Beth.
She handed his file.
An enraged Nick storms  assaults him  and accuses him of having sold Nick s file to Catherine.
Nilsen then suspends Nick.
Who goes home and spends the evening drinking.
Beth visits him.
He throws her out.
Later that night  Nilsen is found dead.
38 caliber revolver.
Nick is the prime suspect.
A torrid affair begins with the air of a cat-and-mouse game.
Catherine explains.
She will base her next novel s character -- a cop falling only to be killed by her.
He declares his love for her and his unchanged intention to nail her for Boz s murder.
A jealous Roxy tries to run Nick over.
She is killed in a crash.
Her death reveals -- she killed her two brothers.
She too has a murderous past.
When she was a teenager.
Catherine seems genuinely saddened.
Nick begins to doubt her guilt.
Catherine later reveals.
A previous lesbian encounter went awry when the girl  Lisa Hoberman  became obsessed with her.
Nick identifies the girl.
Who acknowledges the encounter but claims it was Catherine who became obsessed.
It is also discovered.
Beth s husband was killed.
38 caliber revolver.
Nick visits Catherine s house.
He sees the final pages of Catherine s new detective book.
Catherine comes.
He quickly reads a few lines.
Which the fictional detective finds his partner lying dead protruding from the doors of an elevator.
Catherine comes in and explains  and coldly ends the affair.
She has finished her book.
Upset  Nick meets Gus.
Who has arranged to meet at a hotel to find out what really went on between Catherine and Beth.
Gus enters the hotel elevator.
Nick waits.
A hooded figure jumps out and stabs him multiple times.
He exits the elevator.
Nick figures out.
There is trouble brewing and runs.
He arrives too late to save Gus and finds him lying dead.
Hearing the floor creak  Nick grabs Gus  gun and turns to find Beth standing  explaining.
She received a message to meet Gus there.
However  Nick suspects.
She murdered Gus.
He shoots her.
Beth moves her hand.
Beth tells Nick.
She loved him.
A dejected Nick checks her pocket  only to find her keys.
The police arrive.
The weapon used  concluding.
A staircase discover a blond wig  an SFPD raincoat  and an ice pick.
Beth ditched the items when she heard Nick coming up.
A search turns up the evidence needed to brand her as the killer of Boz  Gus  Nilsen  and presumably her own husband -- the matching revolver  Catherine s novels  and photos chronicling the writer s life.
All the other detectives quickly piece together the story and conclude.
Beth was the killer.
Nick sits.
She must actually have been the killer  and that she must have set Beth up.
Nick returns  knowing.
Where he is met.
She s the killer.
She explains her reluctance to commit.
Then the two make love.
Afterward  the conversation turns.
Nick looks wary  knowing.
Catherine must be the killer.
Nick turns his back.
Talking. 
She slowly reaches.
He suggests.
Their future will comprise sex and children.
Catherine says.
She hates children.
Nick then suggests.
Their future will then just involve sex.
Catherine stops reaching for something under the bed.
She throws her arms  convincing him.
The two resume making love  an ice pick.
The camera slowly pans down to show what she was reaching.
It implies.
Catherine is the killer.
She also plans to kill Nick.
<EOS>
Set  the film focuses on events at St.
Mary s  a fictionalized version of Bethlem Royal Hospital  also known as Bedlam.
Appeases Mortimer.
An acquaintance -LRB- played by Karloff  a fictionalized version of an infamous head physician at Bethlem.
Mortified  Mortimer s protege Nell Bowen seeks the help of Whig politician John Wilks to reform the asylum.
Mortimer and Sims conspire to commit Nell.
Where her initial fears do not sway her sympathetic commitment to improving their conditions.
Frustrated  Sims threatens her with his strongest cure.
His attempt is thwarted.
Nell helped.
Ultimately  Sims is literally deposed.
Nell is rescued.
Who had counseled her.
<EOS>
Two German deserters  Ensign Bruno Grauber and Corporal Reiner Schultz are captured at the end of World War.
They are interned.
Where the senior German officer  colonel Von Bleicher  is a career officer.
Their fellow German prisoners  led by Von Bleicher  discover.
They are deserters.
They are put.
They are sentenced and are to be executed on the fifth day of peace.
Von Bleicher pressures the Canadian camp commandant to allow the execution to be carried out and requests rifles and ammunition to carry out the sentence.
A Canadian General  Snow  persuades the Canadian camp commandant  Captain Miller  to allow the execution to be carried out.
He also motivates Miller to Major.
This movie is based  both executed for desertion on May 13  1945 after being found guilty of cowardice by fellow POWs.
The sentence was carried out.
Who were.
<EOS>
Devanarayanan is a Brahmin priest.
Who has to look.
He is.
Her father Innocent is.
M.
G Soman falsely accuses Mohanlal  the theft and forces him to leave his village in Kerala.
He reaches Bombay.
Where he gets shelter.
K.
Nair and family.
Who runs a tea shop.
Monisha is the daughter.
K.
Nair.
Some turn draws Mohanlal into the underworld.
He becomes the trusted aide.
Ramya Krishnan working gets closer to Mohanlal.
Jhonny   Monisha are killed leaving Kareem in a path towards religion and leaving all under world business.
Now Sharat Saxena plans to leave Bombay.
Mohanlal gets him arrested.
The climax shows.
Whether Sharat Saxena and Jhonny takes revenge  whether lal clears his name from false accusation of Temple thiruvabharana  whether Ramya Krishnan and Mohanlal unites.
<EOS>
Designer Aman Puri is the only son.
His dad wants him to marry.
Aman insists.
He will not marry unless he meets the girl.
He sees Esha Singh  a fellow student.
Trying to design his final project.
Aman does his best to strike up a friendship.
She adamantly refuses him.
His father  unable to see Aman hurt  decides to speak.
Mansi Devi assures Aman s father.
She has no objections toward Esha.
She then speaks  telling.
Her there is nothing wrong.
Aman and Esha fall and are planning to get married.
Dushyant shows up saying.
He is Mansi Devi s son.
Esha becomes extremely frightened.
It turns out.
Dushyant is Mansi Devi s son.
Esha is his wife.
Dushyant attempted to get her gangraped and film the scene.
Esha escapes believing.
Dushyant died.
She returns and tells her the truth about her son.
Mansi Devi and Esha moved  pretending to be mother and daughter.
Dushyant vows to destroy Esha s life.
Aman finds out the truth and vows.
Nothing can stop him.
Mansi Devi goes to Dushyant with pudding.
She has especially made.
Dushyant not trusting her asks her to eat it first.
She does and then he eats it as well.
It turns out.
The kheer was poisoned.
Dushyant dies.
Mansi Devi dies.
<EOS>
The plot revolves.
It shares the effect.
Shyam s mother has had  and how he is taught to stick to his ideals and principles  even in the face of poverty.
The relationships are explored.
The novel was acclaimed upon release  and is autobiographical.
The author is Sane Guruji.
Shyam is said to be the author.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Briony Tallis  a 13-year-old girl from a wealthy English family  has just finished writing a play.
They get bored and decide to go swimming.
Briony attempts to stage the play.
Briony stays behind and witnesses a significant moment  Cecilia  and Robbie Turner  a servant s son  a man.
Briony has a childish crush.
Robbie returns home and writes several drafts to Cecilia  including one.
Is explicit and erotically charged.
He does not  however  intend to send it and sets it aside.
Robbie asks Briony to deliver his letter  only to later realise.
He has mistakenly given her the prurient draft.
Briony secretly reads the letter and is simultaneously disgusted and jealous.
That evening  Cecilia and Robbie meet.
Where they finally declare their love and make love.
Briony watches through the partially open door and her confused emotions about Robbie become heightened.
It is revealed.
The twin cousins have run away.
Briony goes off alone.
Lola claims.
She does not know the identity.
The still-wounded Briony tells everyone  including the police.
She saw Robbie commit the act.
She shows Robbie s shocking letter.
Everyone believes her story.
Robbie is arrested and sent.
Four years later  Robbie is released.
He joins the army.
He is assigned.
He is reunited in London.
Where they renew their love before he is shipped off.
Briony  now 18  has joined Cecilia s old nursing corps.
Thomas s.
She wants to be to society and has given up an offer she received from Cambridge.
Her attempts go unanswered.
Cecilia blames her.
Later  Robbie  wounded and very ill  finally arrives.
Where he waits to be evacuated.
Briony  now fully understanding the impact  later visits the now-married Cecilia and Robbie.
To apologise directly.
Cecilia coldly replies.
She will never forgive her.
Robbie.
Almost becomes physical.
The authorities the truth.
Briony admits.
The rapist was actually family friend Paul Marshall  but that he can not be implicated because he has married Lola.
Decades later  an elderly Briony reveals.
She is dying  and that her novel  Atonement  which she has been working on for most of her adult life  will be her last.
Briony reveals.
The book s ending where she apologised.
Robbie is fictional.
Cecilia and Robbie never saw each other again.
He left.
Robbie actually died at Dunkirk of septicemia.
Awaiting evacuation.
Cecilia died during The Blitz.
Briony hopes.
She can give them the happy conclusion to their lives that they had always deserved.
The last scene has Cecilia and Robbie once again together in or a fictional plane of existence.
What could be afterlife.
<EOS>
The following plot summary can equally be applied  After an unsuccessful attempt to seduce Donna Anna  Don Giovanni kills her father Il Commendatore.
The next morning  Giovanni meets Donna Elvira  a woman.
He previously seduced and abandoned.
Later  Giovanni happens and tries to seduce the bride-to-be Zerlina.
His ambition is frustrated.
Donna Anna soon realizes.
Giovanni killed her father.
She pursues the seducer along.
Ever ready to attempt a seduction  Giovanni woos Elvira s maid.
He switches clothes with his servant Leporello.
Who rapidly finds himself.
Leporello flees and eventually meets Giovanni.
Where Il Commendatore is buried.
They jokingly invite the statue.
The supernaturally animated statue arrives.
They are dining.
The horrified Giovanni is drawn.
<EOS>
The story is set.
The film shows a 1916 newspaper.
A scene late shows American soldiers headed off for World War I.
Bill  a Chicago manual laborer  knocks down and kills a boss.
Where he works.
He flees Linda.
Who provides the film s narration.
Bill and Abby pretend to be siblings to prevent gossip.
The three hire with a rich  shy farmer.
The farmer learns.
He is dying.
Bill encourages her to marry him.
When he falls with Abby.
That they can inherit his money after he dies.
The marriage takes place and Bill stays.
The farmer s foreman suspects their scheme.
The farmer s health unexpectedly remains stable  foiling Bill s plans.
Eventually  the farmer discovers Bill s true relationship.
Abby has begun to fall in love with her new husband.
The farmer goes with a gun.
A locust swarm and a fire destroy his wheat fields.
Bill kills him.
Bill then flees.
The foreman and the police pursue and eventually find them.
The police kill Bill.
Abby leaves Linda and goes off on her own.
<EOS>
Passenger is based.
Who never had anything to do another  that come into each other s lives.
The movie follows the events.
Occur consequently.
Sathyanathan  is a simple man.
Who works.
Who lives.
He travels by train.
The moment the train crosses the Chalakudy bridge.
He dozes off.
And he wakes up.
All this happens.
If programmed.
He is someone.
Who fights from any publicity gained by it.
Nandan Menon stands.
Who is an advocate  always.
He respects the law and always thinks around him.
His wife Anuradha is a bold reporter.
Who works.
Maranchara is a small fictitious coastal village.
A private company has been awarded mining rights from the coast in Maranchar by Home Minister Thomas Chacko.
There is a political sex scandal and a legal battle.
Minster Thomas Chacko  Nandan Menon  Anuradha Nandan and Thankammaare involved.
The plot takes a turn.
When Anuradha obtains a video clip.
They plan to kill innocent people occupying land.
Nandan is kidnapped.
Satyanath gets involved.
He along with Driver Nairdecides to join the couple in the fight for to save the people of Maranchara  Nandan Menon and his wife.
<EOS>
The film is.
Who was once a software engineer but quits his job to give it and is unemployed in the city of Kolkata.
Poulomi is a girl.
Who studies and comes in her vacation to stay with her younger brother Madan Mohan.
Madan has a wife.
Surja falls at first sight and starts chasing her to win her heart and enters the upper portion of their house as tenants with his brother and.
Mistaking him to be a tapori  Poulomi hates him first but later realizes his true nature.
She returns and lives with her elder brother Indrajit  a former builder and now a very powerful rowdy.
Who is very possessive and protective.
Surja follows Poulomi and works his way into their house with the help of Madan and finally both of them confess their love.
There  Surja learns.
She is being chased.
Surja fights.
Tony  Indrajit kills him.
Surja and Poulomi unite.
<EOS>
The son was born with a silver spoon in his mouth.
He grew up.
Where he spent his childhood  indulged.
They grew up sharing a special relationship.
Which they existed only.
Oblivious.
Would never break.
Slowly  it changed to love.
It was still unsaid.
But the reverie was broken.
When his family sent Devdas for education.
Paro s world crashed knowing.
She lit a diya.
It signified the fast coming back.
Years passed.
Devdas returned.
Devdas was besotted and longed to have her back.
But Zamindar Narayan Mukherjee  Devdas  father  met Paro s mother Sumitra s marriage proposal.
It caused a rift.
Only antagonism came his way.
Though Devdas tried to convince his father.
Finally  he moved away and wrote a letter to her  asking her to forget him.
Only  he did nt realize.
He would never be able to forget her ever.
And much later   it was too late.
When he reached out.
She was far too humiliated.
She scorned him.
They parted forever.
A shattered Devdas walked.
Chandramukhi  a stunning courtesan instantly lost her heart.
A unique bond was formed.
He could share.
Meanwhile  Paro   performed her worldly duties sincerely.
She could never forget Devdas for a moment.
Strange was the fate.
Intensely loved.
Who were never meant to be his.
One and one loving.
Whom he could never love.
Whom he could never stop.
<EOS>
Once  a story was told abut fairies and goblins and witches of old.
They haunted  do nt you remember a long time ago.
The forests and meadows and dells and this is the legend the storybooks tell  Oh.
They wandered away day  I ve heard.
A were lost.
People say.
Hansel and Gretel stumble.
Where elves are going.
The elves are friendly.
A witch comes and takes them away to her gingerbread house   and tries to turn Gretel into a rat.
Where she turns nasty  turning Hansel into a spider  her yowling cat to stone.
When an elf s arrow stops her.
Hansel and Gretel free the other children.
The elves are fighting the witch.
Who have been imprisoned and transformed.
Finally  the witch falls in the cauldron containing the brew.
Turns living things  and becomes a large rock  which would be known as the Witch Rock.
<EOS>
A woman suffering to kill her.
Her husband gives her a fatal overdose  and is put.
Where arguments are put forth that prolonging life is sometimes contrary  and that death is a right as well as a duty.
It culminates.
He is accusing them for trying to prevent such deaths.
<EOS>
Meeting People Is Easy takes place OK Computer  containing a collage of video clips  sound bites  and dialogue going behind the scenes with the band on their world tour  showing the eventual burn-out of the group.
The world tour progresses.
The inaugural show began on 22 May 1997 in Barcelona  Spain.
Their final performance  104 concerts later  was.
Was used.
To Disappear Completely  released.
This would also form the background beginning in 1999 for their next albums Kid A and Amnesiac  inspiring a different songwriting and recording style and the band s changed sound after OK Computer.
<EOS>
Old Scores revolves.
Was won.
The touch judge confesses to failing to disallow the winning try for an infringement by the Welsh scorer.
The Welsh Rugby Union President announces - using the same players.
In order to set the record straight  there should be a rematch.
Who had played the match 25 years earlier.
This fictional incident is probably inspired.
Wales won the game 5-3 and was.
A try scored was disallowed by the referee who had failed to keep up with play.
Morgan  had since moved  and initially refuses to play the match.
It is later revealed.
This is.
He is persuaded to play.
There is considerable acrimony.
Threatens to disrupt the team s performance.
The film is a blend - the latter especially revolving around the efforts of the players to come to grips with both their middle-aged bodies and the changes in rugby since their time as international players.
The New Zealand team are a rag-tag bunch  the team s hard man has become a peace-loving Salvation Army officer  one has become a vote-grabbing politician  yet another has become a homeless drunk.
Whose later lives have taken them.
All are reassembled and put by their 1970s coach  Acid.
The film culminates.
1912 - 1996  The dialogue is witty.
Characterisations are fine  if deliberately overplayed  but the ending turns the film.
Martin & Edwards  p.
.
The match ball is replaced.
A shot is taken  but the ancient leather of the ball is not strong enough.
The scores tied.
It deflates  landing limply.
Where it remains.
The final scene shows an official review into the match deciding.
It should be replayed again.
<EOS>
Carla Martin is leaving an English parochial boarding school to live with her estranged father at an inn in East Berlin.
The headmistress  a nun  gives her a 1936 guide  telling her she may find it useful.
Though Berlin has surely changed as much as she has.
Her best friend  Sophie  gives her a bag.
Hugh Martin  her father   greets her.
Who lives.
Grown she looks.
Carla is a bit embarrassed.
He has given her a teddy bear  as she is nearly seventeen years old.
She addresses him.
A camera pan reveals.
He just bought the teddy bear.
Carla is terrified.
They cross.
She will be personally searched and caught.
Hugh has a thirty-year-old girlfriend named Lili.
Who recommends Frau Hoffman s inn being significant to Hugh s historical research.
Carla is convinced.
There are rats and wants to leave.
Hugh has Frau Hoffman humor her and show her.
There is merely a broom closet next door  though that room is not deep enough to convince her.
Hugh insists.
It s probably just part.
Carla sees flashes  starts tapping the wall behind it and gets taps back.
Tearing away  she opens the wall to find a disused cold room.
The hotel was once a butcher s shop and home.
A Jewish dissident named Erich hiding inside.
She begins sneaking him food  to help him.
Carla is experiencing two realities.
In which she is Carla Martin and another in which she is Christa Bruckner  daughter a proud member of the Nazi Party who calls her a little slut and rapes her in the night.
Christa also has lines.
Carla is ashamed and scrubs herself thoroughly in the bathtub.
Hugh is concerned.
Carla may be going insane like her mother did and finally makes good.
She has stripped the sheets and is not wearing anything under the bed covers  so her father steps out for the examination.
When the doctor comes.
The doctor can not find anything wrong.
He sees only inflammation and identifies her as virga intacta -- she was not raped.
When she tells him that her father raped her the night and asks him to examine her.
Christa and Erich begin lovemaking.
Christa fears she is pregnant to have the possibility that any baby born is Erich s.
She carves their names.
Hugh finds.
Her huddled.
Hugh and Lili get.
Her dressed and take her out.
Herr Bruckner drags her back and insists.
They are getting.
He needs her.
This is to give Frau Hoffman time to reveal Erich to the Gestapo.
Moltke   is waiting.
When they return.
Who had previously interrogated her.
Erich shot one.
Moltke killed him.
Hugh and Lili carry Carla back.
She begins accusing Frau Hoffman.
When Carla regains consciousness.
Not being able to tell Hugh  she stabs him in the chest near the shoulder with a knife.
She has hidden.
Coming  she and Lili ride with him in the ambulance.
Hugh now  the police are called to open the wall behind the wardrobe.
Carla had never actually opened.
The planks are removed.
Herr Bruckner had sealed it up.
Carla investigates it  filled  discovering the place.
She initially suspected.
Where Christa and Erich s names are carved.
Frau Hoffman is unable to hide her shame.
Hugh takes Christa back.
Whom she lived.
<EOS>
Leon and Olvido are two orphan twin siblings.
Their relationship is very contradictory  Leon has the Down syndrome.
Olvido loves him  but she thinks.
She has no choice but to look.
<EOS>
Gabriel Caine  a con man  is released and immediately gets to work on his next scam.
Caine and his partner  Fitz  travel not far from the prison  Diggstown  a city obsessed with boxing.
A mean-spirited man named.
John Gillon owns almost all.
He is feared respected Charles Macom Diggs  the man.
He was the former manager.
Whom the town is named.
Diggs once knocked out five fighters day.
He knows.
Gillon tries to take advantage and bets Fitz $.
No one man can best ten Diggstown boxers.
Caine quickly volunteers to finance Fitz s bet.
The con is.
Caine seeks out an old buddy  Palmer.
Who is now a 48-year-old YMCA supervisor.
Palmer agrees to participate and starts to train for the fight.
Caine and Gillon agree  with one day being 24 full hours and Diggstown fighters being able to come from any surrounding area of Olivair County.
A loan shark backs Caine s bet.
His health and welfare will be riding.
Caine discovers.
Gillon s treachery goes deeper than Diggstown people know.
Gillon drugged Diggs during a fight.
That Gillon could collect.
Diggs suffered irreversible brain damage.
It is learned.
Gillon has more than $.
5 million.
Caine tricks him.
Now it is up to defeat all 10 of Diggstown s men.
They begin  -- Buck Holland   Palmer barely beats him.
Who is played.
-- Slim Busby   has been bribed to take a dive.
Who  Hambone.
-- Billy Hargrove.
Who is easily beat.
-- Sam Lester.
Who is secretly given a laxative and eventually runs from the ring.
-- Hambone Busby.
Who   has been bribed to take a dive.
Gillon  however  threatens to kill Hambone s brother  Slim.
He is victorious.
Hambone fights a vicious fight  but ultimately loses.
Slim is indeed found murdered.
Palmer is enraged.
His next fight is.
Who is easily dispatched.
Robby Gillon  the son  approaches the ring next  but then backs out under instructions from his father.
His cowardice is regarded.
Frank Mangrum officially loses to disqualification.
Tank Miller  a gargantuan fighter  is next.
He puts up a good fight.
A tiring Palmer eventually beats him.
That brings up Diggstown s best man  Hammerhead Hagan  the only fighter ever to actually beat Palmer.
He is brought.
Gillon moved him  meaning.
Before the bet rules were established.
Hagan can legally fight.
The bout is.
Palmer looks done.
He gets new motivation.
Diggs  who is sitting courtside  move his hand slightly.
Caine  not wanting to see his friend die  attempts to throw.
Palmer catches it and throws it back.
Palmer rallies to knock out his opponent.
Palmer  Caine and Fitz begin their celebration.
They are cut short.
Who notes that his son never entered the ring.
The true tenth fighter is then introduced  Minoso Torres  a tough-as-nails boxer.
Who ruled the boxing underground.
No one has ever defeated him.
Gillon admonishes Caine  Never try to hustle a hustler.
An exhausted Palmer is no match.
But  Caine whistles  gets his attention  straightens his tie and does a thumbs-down gesture.
When all looks lost.
Torres drops his gloves and invites Palmer to hit.
Him  hitting the canvas  knocked out.
Caine was expecting such a trick and bribed Torres long ago for a moment like this.
Gillon has lost everything.
He snaps and pulls a gun.
His son  Robby  tries to intervene.
Gillon smacks him.
Palmer then grabs Gillon and prepares to deck him.
Instead  he turns  claiming  My hands hurt.
Hambone gladly obliges and delivers Gillon a powerful knockout blow.
Caine congratulates Palmer   could nt be done.
What you did  he says.
Now  you motivate me.
Which Palmer replies.
<EOS>
The film is.
Connects two communities.
Gary Black and Dumby Red are an exception  teenage best friends.
Dumby is the star.
Likely to become the next big Aboriginal star.
Gary is the bookish son and brutal white fisherman  Bob Black.
He is attracted.
Dumby s elation is.
When their team wins the premiership.
He is passed over.
Disgruntled  Dumby and his cousin attempt to rob the bar  hoping to find the best-on-ground prize.
The celebrations were held.
They meet a the drunk owner and repeatedly beat him.
He was unconscious.
They then proceed they found in the owner s pocket.
Bob  waking to find the owner unconscious  heads to the office and loads a double barrelled shotgun.
Unbeknownst  Bob snuck behind him and fired two bullets into the figure in the darkness.
He killed.
Dumby  Bob reloads the shotgun  jumps Bob and points the gun at Bob s neck.
He then reveals.
Who he is.
However  he does nt shoot Bob and instead fires two rounds then runs away into the darkness.
Meanwhile  Pickles Tom Budge burns down Darcy s maggots.
He earns a living.
<EOS>
Hubie steps out of a wheel of cheese fat and nauseated.
Bertie stumbles out.
Hubie determines  they ve eaten enough to have lived two thousand years.
The average mouse eats in their lifetime.
Determining  they determine their only course  suicide.
They can no longer stomach cheese  and with nothing else to live.
They return home.
Where they write a generic suicide note  and introduce themselves to the gullet of a sleeping Claude Cat.
Claude immediately wakes up and spits the mice out.
Believing  he figures.
There is something rotten.
The mice are poisoned  and refuses to eat them.
He tries to convince himself.
It s a dream  but after several attempts realizes it s no dream.
He tries to bribe the mice   Claude questions his own sanity.
When they vehemently refuse the offer.
The mice insist.
Claude stops.
Claude concludes.
He s now too scared to eat mice  has no more reason to live  and also decides to commit suicide.
Leaving an equally generic suicide note  Claude heads outside and punches the sleeping bulldog.
The bulldog sees Claude standing there blindfolded and  and asks.
What s going on.
The bulldog thinks.
When Claude begs the dog to massacre him.
There is something decidedly fishy here.
It gets worse  trying to get Claude to eat them.
When Hubie and Bertie run out.
The bulldog figures out.
Claude no longer wants to eat mice.
Now the mice do nt like cheese  but  It just do nt add up.
<EOS>
Friend  the shadow has given way to the sun.
A policeman comes and tells emile.
He must get to work.
But he is put for resisting arrest.
He sees more flowers surrounding an apartment window and thinks.
He hears them singing.
Then a lovely woman  Jeanne  appears and appears to be the source of the singing.
Sad  he tries to hang himself from the prison window.
But the gate is too weak  comes loose and falls  enabling him to escape.
He stands  looking up at the flower-covered window  but is slightly disappointed to realize.
The flowers are not singing  and that it s only a recording.
Then he realizes.
Jeanne has emerged with her Uncle  who appears to be overly-protective and pulls her away from emile  and kicks him.
A commotion and chase ensue in which emile runs.
We realize that Jeanne already has a boyfriend  Paul.
Emile makes his way.
A recorded song instructs him.
To be measured.
We see emile back on an assembly line  this time assembling phonographs.
Emile becomes absent.
Minded  causing great consternation and humor.
A guard tries to stop emile.
They chase.
He is stopped at the doorway of an office.
Louis emerges.
Emile gets his attention.
Louis does not appear to remember his prison friend  but takes him into his office  thinking.
This is an extortion plot.
Emile cuts himself.
He recalls.
Louis tends.
He did similarly when the two tried to break out.
His attitude changes.
He embraces emile and sing a brief reprise.
The scene is a dinner party.
Neither his guests nor his wife Maud  nor her gigolo lover think much.
Meanwhile  Louis and emile do nt care  and enjoy sending up the haughtiness  climaxing in another reprise of the title song  as the two friends dance in front of a painting of Louis.
He has damaged.
Maud leaves the house.
Her suitcases packed.
Emile also leaves  and briefly encounters an.
Louis is thrilled to look out the door  but does not see the.
Who makes a nod.
Back  emile tries to make overtures to Jeanne  but is thwarted by guards  eventually finding himself in Louis s office.
Louis has been explaining.
His new factory will opening the next day  increasing productivity.
Louis is slightly annoyed.
Emile explains that he wants.
Louis is able to produce a picture profile of Jeanne.
This is automatically followed.
Louis invites both Jeanne and her Uncle to explain emile s interest  and offers some money along with it.
Uncle is impressed.
Jeanne is bewildered and unhappy.
Louis arrives  wondering.
Where his servants are.
He discovers.
Them tied up  and enters a room filled and who encountered emile the other night.
They sing briefly.
The lead gangster reveals their purpose.
They want to extort money by threatening to reveal.
He s an escaped convict.
Louis refuses to accept.
Lovers  quarrel.
The scene opens  with emile happily talking with Uncle.
Jeanne looks very unhappy.
Paul sitting  looks on disapprovingly.
Jeanne is able to get away and be alone with Paul.
Emile  unseen  finally finds her and realizes.
She already has a boyfriend.
Emile longingly looks up.
She happily waves.
He realizes.
He ca nt have her.
A policeman tries.
He s alone.
Who runs  but is pursued by guards.
Meanwhile  the gangsters have asked to visit Louis s factory.
He leads them  and then seals the door behind him.
Louis empties his safe  putting it into a small suitcase on his desk.
The gangsters realize they re trapped.
Emile finds him.
Louis explains.
He s about to be denounced.
He then hides emile.
He briefly speaks.
Another ex-convict enters Louis s office and takes the suitcase.
He realizes and tries to look.
When Louis returns.
The suitcase is missing.
Pursued  emile accidentally opens the secret room.
Which all the gangsters emerge.
Both emile and the gangsters chase.
Who chases.
This ex-con is able to penetrate  but is caught  leaving the suitcase on the roof.
Apprehended  the gangsters show the police Louis s picture.
They are taken away.
It is the inauguration.
Louis gives a speech extolling its virtues.
A deaf old man cuts the ribbon.
A chorus sings a slow march  Gloire au bonheur = Hail.
The automatic assembly line produces portable phonographs.
Another speaker begins a speech.
Louis sees the policeman.
The policeman has realized.
Louis is an escaped.
Patiently waits to end to apprehend him.
Louis makes a concluding speech.
Which he gives the factory  and says that fate will take him to a different place.
A wind begins to pick up  gently blowing the decorations.
Another speaker continues.
It also gradually begins to blow the money.
Was  still sitting on the roof of the factory.
Gradually  bills appear  testing everyone s propriety.
They look frustrated.
But Louis has no inhibitions  He immediately recognizes what and.
Where the money is and begins going.
This is turn launches everyone after the money.
The scene turns.
The dignitaries wildly chase after money.
The final scene shows the now-idyllic factory.
Only a few workers now play cards.
The automated factory does all the work.
The camera pans along by a brook  festively decorated with ribbons.
Most are here  dancing and enjoying themselves to a reprise of the song Ami  lombre de la prison  happily dancing with each other.
Blends as we see Jeanne and Paul.
A cut takes us to Louis and emile  now tramps  entertaining people.
The people throw coins.
A rich car passes  making Louis momentarily dream.
What he once had.
The two head off down the road to the final strains of the title song.
<EOS>
Wolf Albach-Retty went biking in Carinthia.
Twenty-five years later they have made their ways.
Fritz is a producer  Ulrich is a stage actor and Johannes a teacher.
They come to feel once again as carefree.
When they look back.
They did then.
Consequently the old friends decide altogether to take a time-out and to enjoy themselves by repeating the endeavour.
But things become complicated.
When Katinka  the future daughter-in-law confronts him because she s mad about his son and decides to hide from him by joining the three friends.
The wives and Ulrich s girl-friend hear rumours about their partners getting involved with women along the way.
So they pick up their trace and follow them secretly.
Indeed the men run  unaware of being watched.
<EOS>
Deu meets three masters -- Dog Shit  Pig Shit  and Sanim.
When they foil an attempt to abduct her.
She convinces them to train her  and learns.
They have come together to defeat the Jaguar Gang  who abduct special young women.
She falls.
He trains her -- but learns that he is still -- his fiancee who was abducted by the Jaguar Gang three years before  during what was supposed to be their wedding.
Deu is twice tested by the until now hidden fourth member of the team -- Bull Shit.
She learns.
The Jaguar gang only abducts women  which they use to make a special perfume -- and that the secret of her new kung fu is not simply drunkenness  but emotional pain.
However  Kee Ma is a Sniffer  and is able to find the smell.
To locate out the Jaguar Gang s hideout  Deu is used.
It works too well.
Deu is abducted.
The team fails to find the hideout.
Where she was taken.
Deu  having been drugged  tries to escape and finds out the reason.
The Jaguar gang abducts these specific women.
The women s tears have a chemical substance.
Is able to improve health.
Deu is then caught  but not.
Causes them to break.
Kee Ma is able to smell the tears and shows the others.
Where they have a big fight.
Sanim tries to take Deu away but instead finds Pai.
They meet the leader.
They are able to take Pai away.
They attempt to escape with the drugged and limp Pai  but London corners them near a sequence of rope bridges.
The real fight begins.
Finally  London is temporarily defeated.
Sanim and Pai are left dangling over the edge with Deu holding onto both of them.
Sanim then sacrifices himself and lets go of Deu s hand.
London recovers and takes both Deu and Pai.
Where the rest is being beaten by two Jaguar Members.
Deu rouses herself using the pain and the other two members in turn  defeating each of them.
They are knocked out.
<EOS>
Medical student Paula Henning wins a place at the prestigious University of Heidelberg Medical School.
Her grandfather had a great name there before retiring.
They are tutored.
Who announces the hard work ahead.
He also tells them.
He will be using the elimination system  where the six lower grades will be periodically discarded.
The body of David  a young man  turns up on her dissection table.
Paula met and helped.
She is then humiliated.
Who dares her to cut and dissect the heart.
She remarks.
The body presents strange cuts.
This is dismissed by the morgue caretaker.
She decides to investigate the mysterious circumstances surrounding his death.
She is amazed to find a triple A mark.
When she goes to cut a sample.
She is then startled.
Who wants to know if Professor Grombek is aware.
She begins to connect the facts with an ancient group  known as the Anti-Hippocratic Society - a secretive society of medical investigators.
Is not.
They perform gruesome experiments using living persons.
When they consider those persons useless.
Paula also comes.
They perform.
Meanwhile  the relationship becomes strained.
Gretchen begins to go out.
This greatly affects Hein.
One night  Paula is sitting.
When she feels wetness.
Shocked  she discovers.
The bed has been soaked.
Tapers had been left  a sign of warning from the Society.
She then attacks a figure.
Enters her room.
The figure is revealed to be Hein  and wants someone to talk.
Who is desperate.
Casper  Paula s romantic interest  enters and is furious.
She is not alone.
Hein leaves  apparently.
Gretchen and her new boyfriend go  and return to the dorms for a romantic encounter.
Hein kills Gretchen s lover.
They are preparing to have sex of the morgue halls.
He then injects Gretchen and taunts her  telling her.
She is dying.
He will preserve her body.
He drags her body  and hides it in a plate  removing the head to prevent identification.
He is so absorbed.
He falls asleep.
The next day Paula confronts Hein on the society.
He only menaces her  saying.
It s dangerous to know too much.
Then Grombek reveals.
Her grandfather was a member.
The drug was made.
He developed.
She flees.
Where her grandfather is  but is told he died.
Hein is unrepentant for the deaths  saying.
His previous work has been more than outstanding.
Defiantly  he accepts the customary punishment.
The Society inflicts  and slashes himself three times in the face.
Grombek says.
A passion-driven homicide is not what the Society strives  takes the responsibility on himself for those misgivings  and leaves to call the authorities to take Hein into custody.
Later   the crazed Hein kills Grombek.
Paula destroys the diplomas granted.
Paula gets back  but is trapped by Hein and his accomplice.
Her bindings are partially cut.
They are preparing her.
Who is then trapped.
Paula escapes  poisoning one  and runs.
Until Hein strikes a high voltage cable and dies.
Casper and Paula then escape together.
The credits roll.
Half way  there is a sequence shown.
Where two are discussing how Hein was brilliant in his work in dissection and preservation  how Professor Grombak is going to be substituted soon  and how in their respective practices they will keep a low profile while experimenting for the Anti-Hippocratic Society.
<EOS>
A family has its annual family reunion to commemorate the anniversary.
People drink and eat heavily.
All restrictions are lost.
Family members start ventilating old frustrations  discussions and tensions.
Eventually one homosexual young man gets depressed.
A drama escalates.
<EOS>
An embittered cavalry sergeant must take.
Their commanding officer is killed.
Vinson is driven.
Who were responsible.
He and his remaining men   try to ride 100 miles to the safety of a fort.
They attack an Indian band  despite being heavily outnumbered.
Vinson s vengeance knows no bounds.
Travis is ultimately forced to take a stand and confront him.
<EOS>
The Calling is the story of Kristie St.
Clair  the involuntary mother  and possibly the only person.
Who can stop the coming.
Kristie believes  But s not right with her family.
She has the perfect life  Marc  her charming TV personality husband  Dylan  her beautiful young son  an enchanting house  a successful new career.
Time goes by she begins to suspect something.
First  there s Dylan s increasingly violent behaviour.
Includes the impaling.
Kristie can not understand.
Her son  who she had focused so much energy and love  could have turned out so heartless.
Then there s the fact.
Elizabeth  an old family friend  seems to be trying her hardest to replace Kristie and keep her away as often as possible.
Marc himself begins acting strangely  overreacting and hanging the dog in the backyard as punishment.
It becomes apparent to Kristie.
Something is very  very wrong  and that she is out.
She loses her best friend  Kristie turns.
Who seems to know a whole lot.
All Kristie wants.
Is to save her son.
If it turns out that it is the Devil himself who is standing.
Kristie makes some shocking discoveries about her loved ones and comes to the conclusion.
Unless she stops him  Dylan will lead mankind.
Kristie   escapes the hospital with Father Mullin and tells him.
Who has now stopped caring.
It was a new time.
Father Mullin rips off his white collar tab and throws it.
They drive away.
<EOS>
Kids go to a local candy shop.
Where the owner Bill serves chocolate.
Charlie Bucket stares.
He sings.
He has no money.
The newsagent Mr Jopeck gives him some money to buy a loaf.
He passes the chocolate factory of Willy Wonka  a local candy maker.
A tinker tells him nobody.
Ever goes in.
Nobody ever comes out.
He brings the bread back.
That night  he tells Grandpa and.
Grandpa tells him and.
Spies were trying to steal his life s work.
He closed the factory.
Three years later he started selling candy again  but is still unseen.
One day  the family  along  learns.
Wonka has hidden five Golden Tickets.
The finders will be given a full tour of his factory  as well as a lifetime supply of chocolate to the winner.
Charlie wants to take part  but can not afford to buy vast quantities of chocolate bars like other participants.
Four are found by  Augustus Gloop  a gluttonous German boy  Veruca Salt  a spoiled English girl  Violet Beauregarde  a gum-chomping American girl  and Mike Teavee  a television-obsessed American boy.
A sinister-looking man is observed whispering  to.
They find their tickets.
Whom they listen attentively with their particular obsessions.
Charlie s hopes are dashed.
When news breaks that the final ticket had been found.
The next day   Charlie finds a silver coin and uses it to buy a Wonka Bar.
The Golden Ticket craze ends.
Simultaneously  word spreads.
The ticket found was forged and that one ticket is still about somewhere.
He finds the real golden ticket  and races home to tell his family  but is confronted.
When Charlie opens the bar.
Who had been seen whispering.
The man introduces himself.
Who offers to pay Charlie a large sum for a sample of Wonka s latest creation  the Everlasting Gobstopper.
Grandpa Joe gets out to serve as Charlie s tour chaperone.
The next day  Wonka greets the children and their guardians and leads them inside  requiring each to sign a contract.
The tour can begin.
Inside is a psychedelic wonderland  as well as Wonka s workers  the small  orange-skinned  green-haired.
Each ignore Wonka s warnings  resulting in serious consequences.
The tour progresses.
Augustus is sucked and sent to the Fudge Room  having fallen into a chocolate river from.
He was trying to drink.
Violet transforms after trying an experimental piece of Three-Course-Dinner Gum.
Veruca is rejected and falls down a garbage chute in the Chocolate Golden Egg Sorting Room.
Mike is shrunken after being transmitted by Wonkavision  a broadcasting technology.
Can send objects.
The Oompa-Loompas sing a song  describing that particular child s poor behaviour.
The remaining children are each given a sample.
Charlie also succumbs to temptation along.
They stay behind.
They begin floating skyward and are nearly sucked.
To avoid this grisly fate  they burp repeatedly.
They return.
Wonka initially seems unaware.
Wonka dismisses him and Grandpa Joe and leaves.
When Charlie becomes the last remaining child.
Wonka irritably reveals.
When Grandpa Joe returns to ask.
Charlie had violated the contract  and thus forfeited his prize.
Wonka furiously dismisses them.
Grandpa Joe vows to give Slugworth the gobstopper.
Charlie  however  can not bring himself to hurt Wonka and places the gobstopper.
Wonka recants and begs.
He reveals.
Slugworth is actually an employee named Wilkinson  whose offer to buy the gobstopper was all part.
Charlie was the only one.
Who passed the test.
The trio enter the Wonkavator  a multi-dimensional glass elevator  and fly out.
Wonka tells Charlie.
They soar.
His actual prize is not just the chocolate  as the Golden Ticket search was created to help Wonka search for an honest and worthy child to be his heir.
Charlie and his family will reside and take over its operation.
When Wonka retires.
<EOS>
Jacob Singer is a U.
S.
Soldier deployed during the Vietnam War.
Helicopters are passing overhead  carrying supplies for.
When the story begins.
What seems to be preparations.
Jacob s unit comes under heavy fire.
The soldiers try to take cover but begin to exhibit strange behavior.
Jacob attempts to escape the unexplained insanity  only to be stabbed by an unseen attacker.
The film then shifts back and forth to Jacob s memories of his son Gabe and ex-wife Sarah  and to his present relationship with a woman named Jezzie while working as a mailman in Brooklyn  New York City.
Jacob faces several threats to his life and experiences grotesque hallucinations.
It is also revealed.
His son Gabe was hit and killed before Jacob went to Vietnam.
Jacob s friend and chiropractor  Louis  cites the 14th century Christian mystic Meister Eckhart   Paul  one of his old Army friends  contacts Jacob to tell him about his hallucinations and is later killed.
The hallucinations become increasingly bizarre.
When his car explodes.
His surviving platoon-mates confess to Jacob.
They too have been seeing horrible hallucinations.
Jacob is then approached.
Who claims to have been a chemist working  where he worked on creating a drug that would increase aggression.
The drug was code named The Ladder.
It took people.
The drug was first tested and then on a group of enemy POWs  with gruesome results.
Later  small doses were secretly given to Jacob s battalion via their.
However  the men in Jacob s unit attacked each other indiscriminately.
This revelation insinuates.
Jacob was stabbed.
The last scenes have Jacob returning building.
He once lived in.
He enters and begins looking  containing his memories and the pain  things like his dog tags and a picture of Gabe.
He s been clinging.
Jacob then is surprised to see Gabe.
Gabe takes Jacob and together the two of them ascend the stairwell and disappear into a bright light.
We learn  his body is shown in an Army triage tent with two surgeons.
Jacob never made it out.
After he expired.
Apparently  the entire series was his dying hallucination.
An on-screen title card states that reports of BZ testing by the U.
S.
Army were denied by the Pentagon.
<EOS>
He graduates from high school  Buzzy Pringle secretly marries his girlfriend Rosemary.
Whom he met and who still has to do another year because she has flunked French.
Buzzy s family are horrified.
His wife live.
Buzzy s parents suspect.
Rosemary must be pregnant.
It soon turns out.
Neither has had sex before.
It falls.
There is to know.
The newlyweds  first marital crisis arises.
When Rosemary  while her husband is away doing a summer job  attempts to be a housewife but in fact lacks the necessary skills.
The situation escalates.
When Buzzy finds out that it is his father rather than the company who is paying him.
His confidence is temporarily shattered.
Buzzy quickly recovers and eventually is able to make some important decisions.
He gets a real job and rents a small apartment.
Is reunited with Rosemary.
<EOS>
Shaun Brumder is a teenager.
He has very little interest.
Bright and intelligent.
A turning point comes.
When Shaun s best friend Lonny is killed.
One day  he finds a novel by the author Marcus Skinner.
Quickly inspires him to become a writer.
Skinner is an English professor.
Shaun dramatically improves himself academically  obtaining high grades and SAT scores as well as becoming the president.
Cobb   Shaun applies only.
Who tells him that he is a.
This severely backfires.
Shaun later finds out that he is rejected  ironically because Ms.
Cobb mixed up his academic transcript.
Shaun s animal rights activist girlfriend Ashley successfully convinces her friend Tanya to allow Shaun to be interviewed at his home by Tanya s grandfather  a Stanford board member  so Shaun can explain his situation.
Unfortunately  the antics displayed by his dysfunctional family members  including his alcoholic  emotionally fragile mother Cindy and his dim-witted stoner brother Lance  cause Shaun s interviewers to storm out in anger and disgust.
Shaun then reaches out.
Who had left his wife and family to marry a much younger woman  pleading him to donate money in order to increase his chances of being accepted.
Bud  however  disapproves and refuses.
Him accepted.
The trio arrive on campus  it is nighttime.
The admissions building is already closed.
Shaun and Ashley steal the address.
Lance distracts the secretary.
They arrive.
Where Shaun shows him his real high school transcript.
Durkett is reluctant to admit him.
Impressed. 
It is already very late.
Shaun finally convinces Durkett to go back to his office in the Admissions Building and give it a second thought.
Disaster strikes again  however.
When Ashley drugs Durkett with Lance s ecstasy  causing Durkett to become high.
Things go.
When Shaun and Ashley arrive and find it engulfed in flames.
They abandon the hallucinating Durkett and flee the scene to avoid being arrested.
Ashley finally becomes frustrated  and points out.
His attending would mean they would be separated  thus ending their relationship.
She then angrily leaves Shaun.
Depressed  Shaun wanders the campus and meets a female student.
Who invites him.
There  he witnesses the behavior and is disappointed to learn.
They are just as vapid and ditzy.
Shaun  by chance  runs into Professor Skinner and is invited to his office to chat.
Skinner is amused.
He must study and work in order to become successful  pointing out that many famous authors such as James Joyce and William Faulkner grew up in places that were not intellectually stimulating  but still became great writers.
Having an epiphany  Shaun realizes his previous misguided intentions and seeks out Ashley.
To apologize.
The two also pick up Lance and drive home.
Back  Shaun s parents seek out each other to determine.
To deal.
They end up reconciling  realizing.
They are much happier.
They also conclude and   Bud donates enough money to Stanford for the construction of a brand new Admissions Building.
They have not been very good parents.
This action gets.
Shaun accepted.
He then remembers the things.
Shaun is initially ecstatic.
Both Ashley and Professor Skinner had told him.
Shaun finally decides to stay.
He loves them too much to leave them.
He is now able to view living.
The film ends.
<EOS>
It s every high school baseball team s dream to go.
Seido High School has a chance -- star player Gorrila Matsui has finally given the team an opportunity to succeed.
Most delighted is Principal Kocho.
His hopes are dashed  however.
When the Head teacher reveals that the first game will be played against the infamous Gedo High School.
Head Teacher is only ever referred to.
This title-in-place-of-name system is standard.
Gedo is notorious during games.
They hardly play at all  instead engaging combat called fighting baseball.
Their matches erupt.
The Gedo team is almost inhuman only increase this reputation.
Understandably  Kocho is distressed.
To win the Koshien Stadium Tournament having been lost.
Much  however  is the appearance of mysterious newcomer Jubeh  played by Tak Sakaguchi.
Jubeh rescues Four Eyes  played  from a gang of expelled students  beating Bancho and catching Kocho s eye.
Another recurring element is a drunk man  usually seen laughing uproariously at.
Whatever event has just occurred.
He is always accompanied.
It is revealed through narration.
The drunk died during the final confrontation between the antagonists and protagonists.
He also states.
The drunk was -LSB- his -RSB- master  implying that the dog has been the narrator.
Andy Klein.
A.
City Beat called this the film s best joke.
He begs and pleads to join the team to help them defeat Gedo.
He steadfastly refuses.
Kocho and Jubeh are also confronted by a resurrected Bancho.
His face changed.
Bancho joins the team  explaining.
The injuries that prevented him were cured by Jubeh s punches.
Jubeh reveals.
When confronted.
He has stopped playing baseball-in song.
He musically laments his pitching skill  explaining.
He became so skilled he was a danger.
Only his father  his hand confined  will allow Jubeh to pitch.
He soon regrets this  however.
When an accidental ball kills him.
Jubeh vows never to pitch again.
Four Eyes insists.
Jubeh join the team  explaining his own plight.
His mother hates baseball  and would be furious.
He were to play.
He must keep his presence on the Seido team a secret.
Four Eyes  sheer love Jubeh deeply.
He joins the team.
Jubeh gets there to hear Gorilla s last words.
The letters are strewn about to indicate the trauma.
Make up the word Seido.
He has experienced.
Finding a body  Jubeh laments the loss.
He believes to be Four Eyes.
It s in fact a Gedo trap.
The body explodes  hurling Jubeh  sending him to an early grave.
Jubeh finds himself.
He sees a man.
He has not seen.
He convinced Jubeh to embrace his pitching skills  and defeat Gedo once and.
Jubeh pledges to do.
As he watches his father ride off.
Returning  he introduces his pitch  dubbed the Super Tornado.
Bancho also returns  again  this time.
He too met Jubeh s father  and was given his catcher s mitt.
Somehow Four Eyes  mother has discovered.
He was.
Keeping him locked up  she watches over him day & night.
Jubeh comes  fighting his mother.
He confronts her  asking her.
She hates baseball so much.
She reveals.
Her husband was killed.
All three come -- They are family.
Four Eyes  mother gives him permission to play.
And the sun begins to shine.
However  this peace is  his head wrapped.
Is interrupted.
He guns down everyone  including his own teammates.
Jubeh manages to escape only.
Looking around  Jubeh sheds a tear.
Fall  everyone on the field returns to life.
Jubeh attacks the bandaged gunman  literally knocking the muscles.
Joyously  the crowd celebrates.
The narrator states.
They lived happily ever after.
<EOS>
The film is a sequel.
Gilligan and his friends still own and operate the vacation resort The Castaways.
The Harlem Globetrotters  a traveling troupe of merry basketball players  are on a plane ride over the Pacific Ocean.
They are forced onto Gilligan s Island.
They are discovered by Gilligan and Skipper and welcomed to The Castaways.
Meanwhile  a corporate raider has a plan to bamboozle the owners into signing over ownership to him.
The island contains ore which provides large sources.
Eventually Gilligan and the Skipper uncover the conspiracy.
It results.
<EOS>
Biswaprakash  a young man is a rebel revolting constantly against the obscure traditional oriental lifestyle of his family rooted deeply in the medieval socio-religious mores.
A misfit.
Where the value system is changing.
Anjali  an independent  liberated and down-to-earth young woman enters his life.
So many questions relating intrigue him.
She strives to convert their mansion-like house  all alone.
The friendship flourish amidst severe twists and turns.
A policeman intervenes and breaks up the relationship.
A disheartened Biswa turns with the belief to redeem himself of the misery.
And then  one day  another woman enters his life this time June  a young lady traveller.
Biswa befriends June.
He finds a new hope of escaping the claustrophobia.
But a time comes.
When June deserts him.
<EOS>
Chan is hired to transport a pearl necklace.
He sets out to unmask the killer.
When his employer is murdered.
<EOS>
The film centers.
Harry is.
Max is just starting his.
Harry is heterosexual  and   has come to terms with his sexuality.
Whereas Max is gay.
Matters get further complicated by a partial resumption of an incestuous affair between the brothers.
The fallout further muddles both their lives.
They attempt to understand their feelings and to protect each other in a world in which everybody  including their own mother  seems to want to take advantage of them.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Tom and Johnny have dead-end jobs.
Willie and Fernando are unemployed and use people to get what they want.
They go to Manhattan  and fall victim to various disasters.
Of which they bring.
Their relationships with one another become strained.
The various situations lead.
They have all separated.
<EOS>
Jerry lives.
Where Tom lives.
Where Dupli-cat lives.
Both cats show.
They are out to get him.
Jerry screws up his courage and steals two.
He is attacked into smacking.
He punches back.
Both cats assume.
Jerry is a.
Jerry trips an arrow aimed  it strips the other cat of its fur.
Tom ends up furless.
An armed conflict escalates.
When Jerry directs the cat s fire.
Tom rolls a lighted firework.
Jerry rolls it back out.
Tom hears it hissing and raises himself such.
He is dazed  but not hurt.
Both cats then arm a hand grenade and throw it.
They hit each other and return.
The two grenades go back and forth.
They both explode  destroying almost the entire wall.
The two cats give up and move out then go  Jerry whistles and follows.
<EOS>
The story is.
Avinash is a poor but self respected guy.
His policy is to earn.
You learn.
He excels to live in.
He wants to change the world.
Movie has beautiful Gazals.
<EOS>
A drama impacted by a dedicated white teacher on their ways of life.
<EOS>
The film s plot follows a traditional theme.
Meanwhile  Zatoichi befriends a local farmer and her gambler nephew and eventually offers his assistance.
Who are seeking revenge.
The siblings are the only survivors.
Was carried out in order to obtain large sums of money ten years ago.
They soon discover the people responsible.
The murders are the same Yakuza wreaking havoc.
Zatoichi defeats the Yakuzas  bodyguard  a powerful ronin  in a duel.
Zatoichi later wanders and confronts the Yakuza bosses  killing the second-in-command and blinding the elderly Yakuza boss after opening his eyes for the first time and revealing.
He has been able to see the entire time.
The film ends.
Zatoichi walking down a trail and tripping  saying Even with my eyes wide open  I ca nt see anything.
<EOS>
The film begins.
He travels and spends the day walking alone.
He whistles and rolls somersaults.
The scene cuts back at night in the city.
The opening credits appear.
The next scene is  standing at a bridge  at the brink of suicide.
Jacques is walking and stops her.
He urges her back  indicating a police car stopped nearby.
They sit.
The scene cuts.
Marthe is a young woman.
Who lives.
To make ends meet  her mother rents a spare bedroom.
The most recent of which is a graduate student.
Marthe stands nude in front of her mirror  either scrutinizing or admiring her body.
She hears the boarder knocking.
Doing this.
She ignores him.
Eventually Marthe and the boarder become lovers.
Sadly  the boarder has to move to study at an American university for a year.
After their affair begins.
The lovers promise to be faithful and reunite at the end of the year.
Marthe has learned.
Her lover returned several days ago and has made no attempt to contact her  leading to her despair and suicide attempt.
Jacques  story is also told.
He is a young artist.
Who lives alone.
Jacques comforts Marthe and advises her to write to her lover.
Marthe says.
She will.
She asks.
Jacques might take the letter to friends of her lover and return with his response the following night.
Marthe pulls her letter  addressed and ready.
When Jacques wonders how the letter could be procured so quickly.
Jacques works on his paintings.
Part involves recording himself on a tape recorder telling the story of meeting Marthe and loving Marthe.
He also records himself repeating Marthe s name.
He plays his recordings.
He paints.
He also listens.
Delivering Marthe s messages and   scaring two middle-aged women.
Jacques  canvases are large  around.
He paints flat on the floor  crouching over them.
He uses broad strokes and primary colors.
The paintings are abstract.
He works.
Jacques acts.
The lover never writes back.
She is devastated.
But  she professes her love for Jacques.
Who loves her as well.
They kiss.
He buys her a red scarf.
Marthe and Jacques are walking down the street .
When they run.
Marthe runs and kisses him.
Then she runs back and kisses him.
Finally  she returns.
They walk off together  leaving Jacques alone.
Jacques returns  listening to his recordings.
<EOS>
Wealthy and pampered Rajiv Lal is the only son.
His father  the late Sanjiv Lal opened 25 years ago.
A servant suggests marrying him off to stop his immature antics.
Which Rani Maa agrees.
Her manager  Shyamlal  arranges to meet some girls.
She insists that Rajiv will marry a girl.
Rajiv returns home and sees all the girls - he correctly surmises.
His mother is getting him married.
He pretends to be a mute.
Who walks in order to chase all the prospective suitors off.
His plan succeeds.
He is.
One suggests - after all  Rani Maa never goes there.
He should run away.
He finds.
His estate manager  Bholaram  has made and has even rented out some rooms for the season.
He tells the tenants.
He is Rajiv Lal  although when he meets Bholaram  the latter informs him that Rani Maa had called him  and told him not to let Rajiv stay  should he come.
Rajiv manages to convince Bholaram to tell Rani Maa.
He is not there.
Bholaram tells the tenants.
Rajiv is mad.
He is the real owner.
The next day  Rajiv meets Champa  a girl.
Who sells flowers.
He buys her flowers.
When they are priced for the whole basket.
He is not the owner  but the driver.
Soon enough   they fall in love and decide to marry.
There are a few obstacles.
First has loaned out some money to Champa s father  Dinu.
He insists.
He will marry Champa if Dinu can not repay the debt.
Things become complicated.
When Mohan finds out that Dinu is not Champa s real father.
He blackmails Dinu.
He will let out the secret.
Champa still continues to meet Rajiv  but.
Of that comes.
He receives a trunk call.
Rajiv can go.
He is informed.
Karuna is seriously ill.
He leaves for Bombay  and finds Karuna on her deathbed  Rani Maa at her side.
Karuna tells Rajiv - his biological father is none.
He is not the real son.
Rani Maa gave birth to a baby girl.
Dinu abducts her  intending to kill her.
That Rajiv will be the sole heir.
However   Dinu trips and falls.
He ends up blind.
He does not kill the girl.
Rajiv is shocked  but more so is Rani Maa.
Who had assumed that her baby girl was dead.
She dies.
Karuna can say who the girl is.
Shyamlal informs.
Karuna had nt told him anything.
The man turns out to be Mohan.
Rajiv and Rani Maa head back to find out.
Who her girl is.
Rajiv  acting  goes to confront Mohan.
He beats Mohan unconscious.
Mohan s friend tells Rajiv - Champa.
Who the girl is.
He goes to find her  and finds out.
She is getting married.
Dinu returns home as well.
Champa questions him.
He lies at first.
The latter hugs him and admits.
When Rajiv drops a hint that he is the son that Dinu had sold all those years ago.
Champa is not his daughter.
Rani Maa comes in and finds Champa  and the two embrace.
The happy moment does nt last.
Mohan arrives and decides to forcibly get married to Champa.
Dinu tries to stop him.
Mohan beats him up badly.
The goons also tie Rajiv up  and then take Rani Maa and Champa.
Back  Chander  Rajiv s friend  and Shyamlal decide to go after them and see.
They are taking so long.
Rajiv manages to escape.
Dinu is still unconscious.
He meets on the way  and tells them to get the police.
He goes.
He breaks and stops the wedding ceremony.
A fight ensues.
Mohan runs off  Rajiv hot.
The police arrives soon  and arrest all of Mohan s goons.
Meanwhile  Rajiv and Mohan get.
The police come to take the latter away.
The film ends  happily married  driving away in his car.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Then entering the scene is Jesse Thomas  a plumber.
Jesse was living a decent life until one day  he was accepted into a music conservatory and  later  a recording contract with Crown Records.
To celebrate  Jesse and his fiancee go  performing at the club was The Gap Band.
Who perform several numbers and even let Jesse play keyboard.
Jesse went to the restroom.
Where he was accosted.
Jesse took a few puffs of the cigarette  leading to a hallucination of a moving painting on an otherwise-blank wall.
Convinced  he became hooked on angel dust  making regular visits with his drug dealer to get more of the stuff.
All the while  his musical career continued  resulting.
Won a Grammy and went double platinum.
However  the effects has more and more complicated his life  leading to objects and loved ones turning against him.
Magically turn.
Later on  Jesse visits a local nursing home.
Where he visits a wheelchair-bound man that he identified.
Jesse talks and becomes very saddened about it  especially after noticing  I have no son  in a nod to The Jazz Singer.
His father is non-responsive  other than saying.
Jesse and his now-wife later shop  while there  Jesse began to experience severe hallucinations  ranging from rats in a pile of oranges  to shoppers and employees turning into zombies and ogres  to spiders magically appearing on Jesse s arm.
Scared and mentally tormented  Jesse leaves the store onto a street  running towards a moving delivery truck  thinking.
It was alive.
The driver  not seeing Jesse  struck him  killing him on the scene.
The accident was followed by Larry McCormick  announcing the death of Jesse Thomas.
McCormick then interviews an executive.
Who talked  then later admitting that they should have done something about his addiction when they first suspected that there was a problem.
The film then flashes forward five years.
Where Jesse s widowed wife and their child  Jesse Jr.
Visit Jesse s grave  while there  they noticed nearby the drug dealer.
Sold angel dust  still in business.
<EOS>
England manager Phil Cope suffers a heart attack.
Started out well but has gone badly wrong.
The FA heads meet to decide.
Who should be the new England manager  but soon run.
The most successful Premier League manager is Scottish  the second most successful is a former England captain.
Who is interested.
The FA decide.
He is too much and refuse to consider him.
None are interested.
They are forced to look.
Who has just won the Mr Clutch Cup.
Bassett takes and appoints his assistant manager Lonnie Urquart  and still acts like a used car salesman and often compares the England players  performances to cars  and coach Dave Dodds  a spineless.
Who is very.
Who once managed at Colchester United.
The team need one win to get to the World Cup Finals in Brazil.
He plays an old-fashioned 4-4-2 formation and attempts to bring football back to.
Where it belongs.
Unfortunately  he loses his first two games.
His managerial career is already.
Needing to beat Slovenia to make it to Brazil  England can only manage a draw.
However  a shock win sees them go through on goal difference.
He and his team record the official England World Cup song  with compositions by hellraiser Keith Allen.
So  England are to Brazil.
Progress is not smooth.
When they arrive.
They start their tour.
A difficult group stage sees them.
They can only manage a goalless draw before losing heavily to Mexico.
One is rendered pointless.
Urquart locks the footballs and goes shopping.
Captain Gary Wackett is jailed  midfield playmaker Tonkinson accidentally gets involved in a drunken tryst with a transsexual  assistant manager Urquart is sacked after punching Bassett for berating him as useless.
It seems.
When Mike mixes flaming sambucas.
Things can get no worse.
The morning he is involved in a press conference.
Where he is expected from the managerial position.
Begin to get hostile.
When he announces that he is carrying.
Bassett responds.
-- England will be playing.
Storms out.
Following this England need to beat Argentina to get through.
England succeed  his shot deflects off the crossbar.
When Tonkinson dribbles.
He punches the ball.
England advanced.
Where they beat Romania and France.
Rufus Smalls scored a hat-trick and became England s top goal scorer with 52 international goals.
But England lose in the.
Bashir states.
England equal their best performance since they won.
The team return announces.
He will not quit.
<EOS>
Sam Tucker is a cotton picker.
Who decides to start his own farm.
He and wife Nona and children Jot and Daisy set out.
The land has no working well.
They lease.
Neighbor Devers reluctantly lets the Tuckers share his water supply.
They nearly starve and freeze.
Come spring  the child Jot falls ill and desperately needs vegetables and milk to survive.
General store owner Harmie refuses the Tuckers credit.
Sam s friend Tim offers to help find him a city job.
Sam remains determined to make the farm work.
Harmie answers the family s prayers.
Cotton blooms and a vegetable garden is planted.
The bitter Devers and his man Finley conspire to ruin the Tuckers  though.
Devers wants their land.
Devers comes armed with a gun  only to find Sam about to catch a catfish.
Devers has been.
He agrees to leave Sam s family alone.
Harmie ends up marrying.
Sam s mother and life seems fruitful  only to have a terrible thunderstorm ravage the Tuckers  home.
They must start over once more.
<EOS>
Desperate to earn money to support his extended family  Mohan becomes entangled.
When he tells a lie in order to obtain a secretarial job.
He says.
He is nt married.
He is.
Mr Rai has a daughter.
She uses a wheelchair.
Mohan has more than a mild therapeutic effect.
She is soon up and running - running.
Meanwhile   the money is being filched by his greedy sister.
He has been sending home.
Soon  mother  wife and a flock come looking for him.
Mohan finds himself leading a double life to avoid all parties learning the truth.
<EOS>
A young woman  Mette  is a member.
Her day job is to take care that all are just waiting to die.
Her life becomes a journey.
Where the rules are created by Mette herself.
Mette is indifferent.
One night she assaults a man  kicking him senseless.
Waking up the day  she realizes.
Something is wrong.
She longs for respect and love.
She can tell.
The old folks are marginalized.
Together they create a world and a voice.
<EOS>
Pablo is a struggling poet.
Who is living.
He deals with issues relating to his health  his family  his search for love and his developing involvement with leather fetishism.
The year culminates in the form of a novel  Un Ano sin amor.
<EOS>
Sadie Martin owns a riverboat.
Is frequently used.
The miners drink and gamble.
Sadie s daughter  Helen  is unaware.
Her mother sends her to boarding school in order to live a lifestyle more attributed.
She is facing difficulty maintaining the costly riverboat.
She is soon forced to sell the boat.
Order to make ends meet.
However  greater problems soon enter.
Sadie s life sends John Thorne to take the riverboat away from her  as well as to cheat all of her customers out of their claims.
Meanwhile  Helen unexpectedly arrives.
Bob takes a job and is unknowingly manipulated by him.
Helen appears to enjoy life on the riverboat.
Sadie soon implores Ace Rincon to help her.
<EOS>
A few years prior  the tyrant Frieza destroyed the Planet Namek with the newly transformed Super Saiyan Goku.
The peaceful Namekians found themselves for months.
Eventually they had a new planet created with the help of the Dragon Balls.
They lived in peace on their new planet.
One day however  a strange metal planet began to absorb New Namek.
The silver planet wrapped  absorbing its energy.
Dende   senses the plight and calls Goku to ask for help.
Who is now the Earth s guardian.
Goku  Gohan  Krillin  Piccolo  Oolong  Yajirobe and Master Roshi arrive and encounter an army.
They soon learn.
The mastermind is Cooler  Frieza s older brother  who Goku was thought to have killed a few years earlier and who now plans to use the Namekians as biological fuel for his ship  the Big Gete Star.
Goku fights Cooler alone.
The other Z-Fighters battle Cooler s robots.
The Z-Warriors have trouble penetrating the robots  armor  but Piccolo instructs them to concentrate their energy to one point.
Doing so allows them to destroy a few.
However  there are far too many to handle.
All the warriors   are captured along with a village of Namekians.
Piccolo is left behind  and destroys all the robots.
He then makes his way to rescue those.
Who were captured.
Elsewhere  it becomes apparent.
Goku is no match which gives him the ability to regenerate himself.
Cooler also reveals his ability to use the Instantaneous Movement technique.
Goku also uses.
Goku continues to struggle even.
Cooler reveals.
The Big Gete Star constantly monitors his body  and fixes any flaws that may occur.
Vegeta   shows up just to help Goku.
Before Goku is choked.
Who had arrived.
The two Super Saiyans attack Cooler and they soon are able to kill him.
However  the Big Gete Star once again corrects a flaw  in this case  giving Cooler a thousand bodies rather than just one.
Outnumbered and exhausted  Goku and Vegeta are captured and transported.
Goku and Vegeta regain consciousness and release all their Super Saiyan energy  overloading the system.
They then come face to face.
Cooler attempts to crush Goku.
His hand is severed  giving Goku enough time to blast him with the last of his energy  causing his ultimate demise.
Meanwhile  Piccolo arrives  and meets up with a clone of Cooler.
Explodes. 
Eventually  all the other clones and every other robot in the Big Gete Star explode.
Piccolo and the rest escape leaves New Namek s orbit and explodes.
Goku and Vegeta fall.
Vegeta is nowhere to be found.
Goku still compliments his role.
Vegeta is shown.
Created the Big Gete Star.
He then crushes it  ensuring.
It will never create another monstrosity ever again.
<EOS>
Joey Norton  seven years old  lives.
Joey is too small to be taken seriously.
One day   Lennie and his friends play a joke.
Their mother is away visiting her sick mother.
They stage an incident using catsup and a toy gun.
That Joey thinks he has shot and killed his brother.
Joey   runs to Coney Island.
Who is told the police will catch and imprison him.
He seems to forget his predicament and spends the day wandering.
He gets money by cashing in deposit bottles  and spends the night sleeping under the boardwalk.
Meanwhile  Lennie is frantically trying to find him.
Their mother is due home soon.
Joey loves horses.
He begins hanging.
The proprietor becomes suspicious.
Joey is a runaway.
He tricks Joey.
He calls home and alerts Lennie.
Lennie comes and  after a frantic search  finds little Joey.
Their mother returns.
After the two brothers arrive home.
<EOS>
Patricia Porker is a shy New Jersey high school girl.
Whose life is changed forever when she is bitten and turns into a wall-climbing beauty with superhuman strength.
Calling herself SpiderBabe  she uses her newfound powers to enter a wrestling contest and win enough money to move out.
However  a robber interferes and inspires Patricia to fight crime.
Meanwhile  Lisa s ambitious sister  Lucinda Knox  uses the same genetic engineering techniques.
Patricia s science teacher  Dr Dowell  had used  and gains a villainous alter-ego  the sexy and evil genius Femtilian.
This one spoofs.
Brings her.
<EOS>
Police Inspector Pascal Manise walks.
Where he gets morphine.
A phone call interrupts the conversation.
It is very brief.
Manise gives the drugs Agnes Manise.
Who has been addicted but has never had to buy her own fixes because her husband provides her with them.
Agnes tells Manise.
Her friend Cecile Coste has invited them.
The police is looking for Bruno Le Roux  a former leftist revolutionary  this means.
Who has escaped.
They have to tail Jeanne Rivet  a colleague in the same high school where they work as teachers.
They also go to the house of Mme.
Guiot  the mother s  she tells them.
He has gone to look.
Manise arrives home to find Agnes ready to leave for the party.
He says.
He can not go and promises that he shall go the next time.
Manise gets a call  Agnes has fainted at the party  he takes her home and shoots her up himself with the last fix  she apologizes and dozes off.
He has.
The next day Manise takes part  he plays the tough cop  during the conversation  Dr Colinet  a friend of the Costes  tells the class about alternatives for drug users such as substitute drugs.
Who is only concerned.
Cecile asks Manise to tail her husband Alain Coste.
He has been hiding something.
He asks.
He was ever involved before they married.
She denies it.
Manise investigates Alain but seems more interested  he checks the files on the People s Army.
He concludes.
Alain is clean other.
He cuts him and keeps the half with Cecile on it.
Manise is called  there has been a fire  he has left a bunch behind him.
Where the firemen have found lots  in the ensuing investigation they conclude that it was Le Roux.
A neighbour gives a full description.
The next day Pascal follows Alain.
Who meets.
She recognizes her own daughter  he must start all over again.
When he describes her.
Agnes has been increasingly ill due to withdrawal sydrome  Manise has been watching from outside the apartment and even tries to score some dope from a colleague at the police station to no avail.
He comes in.
Agnes is desperate but he refuses  their understanding was the he would never buy drugs.
She asks him to buy some drugs.
She tells him  otherwise he would not have forgotten the morphine.
He does not love her anymore.
She and drugs are one and the same.
A call comes.
All men are called.
Early the next day Manise has Jeanne arrested.
Interrogating her she says nothing and has to keep her.
Agnes is distressed  this is further aggravated.
The students have gone on strike to protest for Jeanne s arrest.
Agnes has been more than 24 hours.
Manise goes and poses as a member of the financial branch of the Police  he suggests.
His PA does not believe him.
Agnes confronts Pascal and tells her.
She can not face the pain anymore.
Pascal sets his foot down and asks her to resist without any drugs  she agrees and throws him out of the apartment.
She has come to ask him to stop his investigations  he tells her.
When walking out he runs.
He only wanted to compare the PA s hair that he found in Alain s Jaguar.
Cecile gives Manise a ride.
Agnes has gone out looking for a fix  she tries to buy dope from Banane  a petty drug dealer  she is so desperate.
She even offers sex.
He refuses.
The man is furious to see her back but remains calm.
When she tells him.
They stay.
She figures out  she offers her apartment to hide  her husband is a cop.
The Police is looking.
He brings her.
No one shall look there.
Pascal lets.
Jeanne go  he asks why none shall talk to him  for the first time Jeanne answers and lets him know that it is because he is a cop.
He catches up and offers to drive her home.
She leaves.
He spotted a silver car that has been following him around.
Manise confronts Jacquillat.
They stop.
Jacquillat agrees  calls off his henchmen and inquires  Manise is very distressed and offers some of his information in exchange for a fix but Jacquillat refuses.
He reveals  they drive.
Le Roux has been when they assaulted one of his dealers.
Meanwhile  Agnes is overdozing and is saved.
Helped her to get the only fix she managed to save.
Manise walks on a conversation between the stranger and his wife  Manise hides as Le Roux takes Agnes to her bed.
Where he promises to get her the drugs she needs.
Manise tells Jacquillat.
Le Roux was not there and even offers to pay.
Jacquillat refuses and leaves.
Manise spends the night  he notices and takes a taxi.
Where he sees Alain and Cecile drive off.
Alain walks and comes out again.
Agnes wakes up and finds  she gets ready to leave and arranges with Le Roux.
She can not remember most.
Who poses  to meet at a parking lot later that day.
Pascal  having lost track  goes to the hospital.
It turns out.
The doctor only mentioned a theory.
Once  the faculty is having a celebration for Jeanne s liberation.
Agnes asks Cecile to borrow her car and tells her.
She met someone and wants to use her chalet.
Cecile is bewildered and reluctantly gives her keys.
Agnes makes copies and goes to the parking lot  they drive to the chalet.
Where she meets.
Where they have breakfast.
She asks Pierre.
He got her some dope.
He says.
He stops her and offers an explanation  she refuses to know and tells him  actions are.
Word are just words.
What count.
She drives back but stops on.
Low she has sunk.
Back  Dr Colinet reports Alain s disappearance.
Manise parks in front of Claire s place and sees them walk into the house.
Back  Agnes learns the truth about Le Roux in the radio news  Manise confronts her about her relationship with Le Roux and finally lets.
Her know  as long as Le Roux is alive  she shall have no drugs.
He unwittingly lets.
When asked she refuses to tell him.
Her know.
That night Agnes steals Cecile s car.
She made and goes.
He is not there.
She leaves a note explaining.
He should avoid his known hide outs.
She then drives and frustrates the stake outs.
Olivier  a friend  tells her to avoid going to a public square.
Where there has been a shoot out  most probably linked.
She goes there and sees Manise investigating the many deaths but sees.
Le Roux is still alive.
Back he confesses to Cecile  she understands and asks him to drive her to her chalet.
Agnes  dealer has been blackmailing him.
She walks in but comes back out  he tells her.
They get.
He loves her.
She slaps him.
He leaves.
Manise goes and asks Dr Colinet for morphine.
The doctor refuses and demands.
He leaves.
Back he talks with Agnes.
She tells him.
He does not love her anymore because he can not stop her pain.
Someone calls  he opens  it is Jeanne  she has come to tell him about Le Roux s whereabouts.
Manise goes and tells him  he calls on his radio to the police and lets.
Where to find Le Roux  as the henchmen leave.
Them know where to find him too.
Manise has received a bunch from Jacquillat   she concludes.
He takes  seeing the drugs.
What became and calls Manise a bastard.
She is about to inject herself.
The drugs but stops and tosses all her drugs.
Manise arrives hide out and sees.
Olivier has been injured and that Le Roux escaped.
Olivier dies  he tries to tell the widow but can not do it.
He goes back home and finds Agnes  he kisses her.
She tells him.
It is over  that she needs nothing anymore.
Manise is puzzled and walks out  she follows closely  they end up going to a terrace overlooking the city  he pulls his gun out and seems  Agnes hugs him and tells him not to leave her alone.
He will commit suicide.
He presses the gun  she tells him  he lowers his gun and drops it.
She still needs him.
<EOS>
Buffoon is a constant participant of the Tzar s festivities and buffoonery.
He was drawn into the intricate relations inside the court and inside the royal family.
<EOS>
The film revolves round two slap-happy college students  Bantu and Chantu   and ability.
Who stand out.
The duo begin to realize.
Their college life nears an end.
They need to start getting more serious.
Realising  Bantu comes up.
They are not cut out.
That they can spend their lives comfortably.
They then focus their attention and set about wooing the two girls to win their love.
A mysterious woman named.
Nikki Malhotra enters the scene.
Pretty soon Chantu and Bantu get embroiled.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A mosquito finds its way to Seoul.
Where it bites Na Do-yol  a corrupt police officer.
Soon begins to develop a thirst for blood  and finds out.
He has vampire super powers whenever he becomes sexually aroused.
He decides to clean up his act and sets out.
When Do-yol s past misdeeds come back to threaten his partner and girlfriend.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Who are yachting during Christmas.
One is the handsome Manuel.
Who is cursed as he prepares to leave on the yacht.
He is clearly bothered and has a difficult time fulfilling requests.
Manuel quits and throws down a rag.
The captain confronts him.
He storms out.
The rag lands flame and causes the entire yacht to catch fire.
The captain is unable to control the blaze.
They abandon ship.
Their lifeboats are capsized later that night.
Everyone becomes separated.
Washing up  Jennifer is completely alone.
She sees the body.
Manuel appears and also unsuccessfully tries to revive the man.
She attempts to resuscitate him.
They bury the captain and   set out to build a shelter and find food.
Eventually  Jack also turns up.
Jack eventually suspects Manuel  promising to ruin his life.
Things go smoothly.
They get off the island.
Manuel responds.
Jack had better get home soon  because he can ruin Jack s life right there.
This puts Jennifer conflicting with the realization.
They both need Manuel s help to survive.
A proud man  Jack insists.
He can provide.
It quickly becomes apparent.
He can not.
Jack and Jennifer s relationship also starts quickly deteriorating.
Jack steals Manuel s goggles to go.
He threatens to kill Jack.
When Manuel discovers this.
Jennifer attempts to get him to calm down and   they have sex.
Afterwards  Manuel reveals.
He has loved Jennifer.
It is also clear.
This is a way to hurt Jack.
Jennifer accidentally hints.
When Jack returns.
What had happened.
Jack furiously rejects her.
He breaks up and drags her by the hair to Manuel s hut.
She can live.
Jack finds a boat.
Fishing another day.
He drags it to shore and attempts to repair it.
Later  Manuel proposes Jennifer.
A midnight swim.
Jennifer gives Manuel the idea.
They started having sex.
They can get away together.
They plan to do.
While Jack is out fishing however they do not get far before the boat begins to sink.
They realize.
Jack s plan all along was for them to take the boat and drown.
They are forced to swim back.
Who attacks the now-exhausted Manuel.
An intense fight sequence ensues  interwoven performing a voodoo ceremony.
The scene climaxes.
When Jennifer pins Jack  attempting to kill him with his own knife.
Manuel   picks up a heavy rock with.
To crush Jack.
He loses his balance and falls backward  impaling himself  to Jennifer s horror.
Simultaneously  the voodoo girl impales his effigy.
One year later  a yachting family drops anchor and explores it  discovering Jennifer asleep in her hut.
She  still somewhat distraught  leaves with them  but does not mention.
Her husband is also.
Jack   sees her leaving and calls out  but Jennifer ignores him out of revenge.
Who is fishing.
The family can not hear him.
Jack is abandoned.
His eventual fate is left ambiguous.
This film combines elements.
<EOS>
He and Nobita  Gian  Suneo and Shizuka explore inside different storybooks.
Later  Shizuka goes missing.
Doraemon and Nobita decide to go.
Their plan backfires.
When Nobita s mother burns all.
So Doraemon  Nobita  Gian and Suneo go back to search for her.
Will they be able to overcome the dangers.
They will encounter.
<EOS>
Magical twin sisters are separated by their protectors  Karsh and Ileana.
When the Darkness attacks their homeland and kills the twins  father through a war that is going on.
They survived.
They are safe  their combined power is enough to fend off the Darkness.
Whenever they are together.
Karsh and Ileana flee Coventry and hide the twins safely in a non-magical dimension.
Camryn grows up and becomes a social butterfly.
She wears a sun amulet  and always awakes.
She likes to draw  and unknowingly draws extremely realistic pictures and her birth mother  Miranda.
Alex grew up with a single mother.
She wears a moon amulet and is always up.
She is a bookworm and is always writing stories  unaware they are true.
Halloween  Camryn and her friend  Beth  go shopping.
Alex goes looking.
The two sisters meet for the first time.
Alex goes running.
Camryn goes.
Their magic is released.
When she takes her hand.
They bond  trying to understand  and get to know about each others  lifestyles.
What s happened.
This is.
When they meet Karsh and Ileana  who tell the story  thinking it was only a story she created.
Alex does nt want to take any part  and leaves with Camryn.
Camryn manages to convince Alex and manage to cast a few spells.
They come up.
The Darkness arrives suddenly and chases them.
The sisters use their magic and barely escape.
Camryn is now freaked out  and does nt want to have any part.
She leaves on Earth.
Alex feels  and goes on her own.
Though she was abandoned.
She meets Miranda  her mother  and Thantos  their uncle and stepfather.
The Darkness once again attacks.
She realizes.
Who the Darkness is  and goes  after Karsh and Ileana were swallowed by Thantos.
She makes it there.
As Thantos arrives.
Then it is revealed.
Thantos is really the Darkness and swallows Miranda.
He killed the girls  father  his own brother.
Alex and Camryn combine their magic to destroy Thantos.
They restore Coventry s light  and return to have cake.
The movie ends  it s our birthday.
With the sisters cheering  Go Twitches  go Twitches  it s our birthday.
It is likely.
They were named.
Apollo is a boy.
Another allusion is.
Apollo is the god.
Camryn wears a sun amulet.
Thantos is also derived.
<EOS>
The film stars Regis Arpin.
Together  they live a fairly isolated existence.
His father hires a woman   to take care.
Whose husband has been reported missing.
He is away.
The maid s son  Charles moves.
The two parents hope  they become enemies immediately.
The two can become friends.
Thomas decides to make Charles   as miserable.
Their parents fall.
Whom he views.
Je suis le seigneur du chateau might be compared to the Macaulay Culkin film The Good Son  with its similar storyline.
However   Arpin s character s actions attempt to serve a purpose.
Whereas Culkin s character is psychotic.
The movie was recently repacked in a 2-DVD set.
<EOS>
A young woman trying to learn the identity is drawn into a Romanian vampire underworld.
<EOS>
Two female newly graduates from school  join Tianyun Mountain Exploration Team.
Song falls with Luo Qun  the newly appointed political commissar.
Song is sent to study in the Party school and joins the CPC.
The Anti-Rightist Movement outbreaks.
When these two plan to get married.
Luo is classified and deprived of his post.
Wu Yao   forces Song to break up.
Who leads the political campaign.
Song sends Luo a farewell letter.
Later  marries Wu.
Luo is sent to do drudgery.
Feng   leaves the exploration team and comes to Luo.
Who has hidden her admiration and love.
They get married   and live an impoverished but content life.
20 years later and  Wu becomes the vice Party chief and head of the organization department of the region.
Song is also elevated.
She has no real power.
One day  a young girl  Zhou Yuzhen  tells Song with a coachman named Luo Qun in Tianyun Mountain.
Who is still a non-rehabilitated rightist.
Song feels guilty and decides to rectify Luo s injustice.
But her husband  Wu  viciously interferes.
Song stands up to higher ranking officers.
Finally  Luo s case is straightened out.
However  the flame extinguishes due to long-drawn-out hardship.
When the good news comes.
From a distance Song sees Luo standing in silent tribute in front of the grave of Feng.
<EOS>
The first part revolves around Ruth  a pagan idolatress.
Who serves.
High-priestess Eleilat  along  orders Mahlon  a Judean artisan  to brush the Tebah s ritual crown.
He denounces her god Chemosh explaining its nonexistence.
Mahlon delivers the crown.
This fictional non-Biblical part ends.
A frightened  astonished Ruth fleeing.
The result follows Mahlon prisoned along with Elimelech his father and Chilion his brother.
Chilion and Elimelech die.
Mahlon s punishment is to perform slave work.
To help him flee from the slave site  causes his death.
The Biblical storyline begins now.
Naomi  Orpah  and Ruth have widowed.
The second part is more based  a subplot is added  that of the Bethlehemites disapproval of Ruth s pagan past and Naomi s kinsman rejecting the refusal of Ruth s hand in marriage pleaded by Boaz.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Edgar Hoover during his later years.
He asks.
A writer be let  so that he may tell the story of the origin of the FBI for the sake of the public.
Hoover explains.
The story begins.
When A.
Mitchell Palmer was Attorney General and Hoover s boss.
Palmer suffers an assassination attempt  but is unharmed.
When the bomb explodes earlier than intended.
Hoover recalls.
The police handling was primitive  and that it was that night that he recognized the importance of criminal science.
Later  Hoover visits his mother  and tells her.
Palmer has put him  and that he has already begun compiling a list of suspected radicals.
He leaves to meet Helen Gandy.
Who has just started.
Hoover takes Gandy  and shows her the card catalog system.
He devised.
He muses.
Easy it would be to solve crimes if every citizen were as easily identifiable.
She recoils.
When Hoover attempts to kiss her.
Hoover gets down and asks her to marry him  citing her organization and education.
His request is once again denied.
However  Gandy agrees to become his personal secretary.
Hoover finds.
The Department refuses to deport anyone without clear evidence of a crime  however  Anthony Caminetti the commissioner general of immigration dislikes the prominent anarchist Emma Goldman.
Hoover arranges to discredit her marriage and make her eligible  setting a precedent of deportation for radical conspiracy.
Palmer loses his job as Attorney General.
Stone  Hoover is made director.
He is introduced and takes his business card.
Later   Hoover asks.
Reviewing job applications.
Tolson had applied.
Gandy says.
He had.
Hoover interviews and hires Tolson.
The Bureau pursues a string across the Midwest  including the high profile John Dillinger  with general success.
President Hoover asks the Bureau to investigate.
When the Lindbergh kidnapping captures national attention.
Hoover employs several novel techniques.
The birth is seen as a product of Hoover s determination to analyze the homemade wooden ladder left at the crime scene.
The investigators find a filling station attendant.
When the monitored bills begin showing up.
Who wrote down the license plate number.
This leads.
Hoover and Tolson decide to go out to a club.
He responds.
When Ginger Rogers asks Hoover if he ever wishes he had someone to keep him warm.
He has dedicated his life.
Ginger s mother asks Hoover to dance.
He becomes agitated  saying.
He and Tolson must leave.
They have a lot to do in the morning.
She tells him she would rather have a dead son.
She then insists.
They dance.
Hoover and Tolson go on a vacation to the horse races.
That evening  Hoover tells Tolson.
He cares deeply.
Tolson returns the feeling.
He loves Hoover.
However  Hoover claims to be considering marriage his junior  Dorothy Lamour  he has been seeing in New York City  provoking outrage from Tolson.
Tolson accuses Hoover making a fool out and then begins throwing insults at Hoover.
Consequently they begin throwing punches  they eventually end up fighting on the floor.
The fight ends.
When Tolson gets an upper hand  and suddenly kisses him.
Hoover demands  Tolson says.
It must never happen again.
It wo nt  and attempts to leave.
Hoover apologizes and begs him to stay.
Tolson only says.
If Hoover ever mentioned another woman again  their friendship would be over.
He then leaves  professing love for him moments after.
Years later  Hoover feels.
His strength begin to decline.
He requires daily visits.
Tolson suffers a stroke.
Leaves him.
An attempt to blackmail Martin Luther King  Jr.
Proves ineffective  and Martin Luther King  Jr.
Accepts the prize.
Hoover eventually begins to consider his mortality and tells Helen Gandy to destroy his secret files.
He were to die to prevent Nixon.
Hoover refuses  claiming.
When Tolson appeals to Hoover to retire when Hoover comes to visit him.
Richard Nixon is going to destroy the bureau he has created.
Tolson then accuses Hoover.
Helen Gandy is seen destroying stacks of files  assumed to be Hoover s rumored personal and confidential files.
Nixon does a eulogy.
<EOS>
The movie follows four college students.
That venture to do research and discover an Indian burial mound.
They soon discover.
The mound is cursed and that they are trapped.
<EOS>
Clark Kent helps a Federal agent escape a gang  and lets himself be captured to learn their plans.
He is tied up and taken.
The agent  a young blonde woman  wants to take information.
C.
They thought.
She was one.
She has a police escort.
It is attacked.
Another group see her drive away.
She is trapped and nearly crushed in its gears.
However Clark frees himself  changes and saves the agent.
He then takes her.
<EOS>
The story is an original one.
It is based.
Has the famous detective.
The notorious Jack the Ripper committed a series of gruesome murders.
The story challenges Sherlock Holmes to solve these horrific crimes.
This leads Holmes.
Holmes exposes the identity of the Ripper.
<EOS>
A live webcast turns into a supernatural bloodbath.
When the ghost returns to finish what he started when he slaughtered his entire family twenty years prior.
It s been  but grim legends die hard.
Decades since famed mountaineer and ice climber Sean McIntire turned the tools on his unsuspecting family.
The locals still shudder.
Now  an unscrupulous young entrepreneur named.
Richard is seeking to cash by staging a special Halloween webcast live from McIntire House.
Three young couples will attempt to spend a night.
Only one will walk away.
Richard attempts to spice things up.
When the ratings prove less than stellar.
Later.
Which the participants revive the spirit.
Will help them win the competition.
His supernatural strength growing thanks granted to him by Himalayan monks  McIntyre chases the last remaining contestants into the darkened attic of the home as horrified viewers all over campus watch in abject horror.
<EOS>
Katrien is dumped  high school rugby star Werner  so he can focus his energy on the sport.
To get even  she makes a bet.
She can make a star out by pretending to be his girlfriend.
The awkward Koekemoer rises.
Katrien finds herself falling unexpectedly.
He realizes she is merely using him.
<EOS>
Twelve top Nazis are ordered.
Where they are to organize a Fourth Reich.
Only Major Wright and his convict commando squad can stop them.
<EOS>
The movie begins Tucker as kids.
They sneak.
He recently acquired a valuable Michael Jordan rookie card.
The card was.
Eugene s brother has an issue.
Tucker opens the magazine  instantly becoming obsessed.
Three weeks later  Tucker s demeanor has changed.
He is only 8 years old.
Fast forward ten years later  Eugene and Tucker are seniors.
Tucker is still a huge fan.
Eugene and his girlfriend are public speakers on the subject of abstinence for younger teens.
In reality  Cindi has other plans  stating.
Since they have been together.
She is not Eugene s first then they have big problems.
They decide to go through.
Tucker had invited them.
Tucker tells Eugene.
He has the limo booked  which when pulls up  has already picked up Tucker s high school drop-out friend  Phil  who now goes.
MPEG.
After Prom party  Cindi goes upstairs to prepare.
Tucker takes Eugene and gives him several shots of hard alcohol.
He walks  and falls down the steps into the basement.
Eugene leaves to go upstairs to meet Cindi.
He is hurt so bad.
He falls.
He tells him.
Cindi stuck around  but disappeared shortly thereafter because Eugene was a vegetable.
Tucker left Eugene to continue his recovery.
Tucker went to work.
He came back later to visit Eugene again.
Tucker happened to stumble than Cindi.
Discussing where Cindi had vanished to.
Tucker devises a plan to go cross country.
Where there was a party to be held.
Tucker left.
He had a date.
Later that night  Tucker broke.
Accidentally forgetting.
She has seizures caused as a side effect of her epilepsy.
Starting out  the two are attacked by Candace s brother  Rick  and his firemen crew  but manage to escape temporarily.
Once  they meet up with their old friend MPEG.
Who has become a famous rapper.
They all hop on board his party bus and begin to trek.
Tucker and Eugene were both thrown out of the bus in the middle of nowhere  and left to walk the rest of the way.
A car pulled up.
As it seemed all hope was lost.
They make a deal.
Where the boys will drive while the girls are in the back having sex.
They make it all the way.
To be stopped.
Moments later  several fire trucks arrived.
Tucker and Eugene manage to sneak.
The two go.
Outside  Candace forces her way.
Tucker randomly hits and meets PMOY 2007 Sara Jean Underwood and makes his way to the Grotto.
Eugene   is suspected of being a stalker and is taken into a secure holding area  but not before being spotted by Cindi.
Meanwhile  Tucker runs back into the mansion.
Where he is spotted.
He tries to hide in the mansion and suddenly finds.
Himself face to face.
Hugh and Tucker have a discussion  telling Tucker about the first woman.
He ever fell with.
Hefner tells Tucker.
There is a bunny  and that if Tucker can only see the bunny in those women  that he s on to something.
Back  Cindi comes in to see Eugene.
Eugene seems disgusted to see her  claiming  and accusing her.
She left him behind and did nt care.
Cindi argues.
Being a Playboy Bunny was sent to help pay  something Tucker never bothered to mention due to his absent minded nature.
Hef had called to have all stalkers removed from the mansion.
Candace finally caught up.
Tossed out.
Tucker apologised and promised to look past hers.
Candace decides to give him another chance.
Eugene runs into Horsedick.
MPEG  face off.
Who promised to rip Eugene s.
Eugene seems too distracted regardless to find Cindi.
His crew pull down his pants  showing a straw sticking out  confirming.
Cindi comes out and reveals that MPEG was born.
Where his genitals should be.
What Cindi said.
MPEG leaves ashamed.
Hef lets everyone back.
Eugene and Cindi make up.
Eugene and Tucker find themselves.
Eugene tells Tucker.
Cindi is waiting upstairs  shades of the situation that started the whole mess in the first place.
And  Tucker and Eugene take several shots together.
Eugene goes upstairs  where he finally has sex.
Footage show Eugene and Cindi having sex.
He overexerts himself.
<EOS>
Organic virtual reality game consoles known.
Game pods have replaced electronic ones.
The pods are attached  outlets inserted at players  spines  through umbilical cords.
Two game companies  Antenna Research and Cortical Systematics  compete.
A group of realists fights both companies to prevent the deforming of reality.
Antenna Research s Allegra Geller  the greatest game designer  is testing her latest virtual reality game  eXistenZ  with a focus group at a seminar.
She is shot by an assassin named Noel Dichter with an organic pistol.
Is undetectable.
Security guard Ted Pikul  rushes and escorts her outside.
Dichter is gunned down.
Allegra discovers.
Her pod  which contains the only copy  may have been damaged due to an UmbyCord being ripped out as the game was being downloaded.
To test it  she must plug with another player.
She can trust  and talks a reluctant Pikul.
Pikul  one.
Who has refused to have a bio-port installed  at first objects due to a phobia about surgical penetration  but eventually gives in.
They head.
Gas deliberately installs.
A faulty bio-port and the game pod is damaged.
Gas reveals.
He is going to kill Allegra.
Pikul shoots him.
The pair make their way.
He and his assistant repair the damaged pod and give Pikul a new.
Pikul realizes.
It is hard to tell whether his or Allegra s actions are their own intentions or the game s.
Pikul speaks rudely  but then expresses surprise at his own rudeness.
When they meet DArcy Nader  a video game shop owner.
Allegra informs him.
It was the doing.
Reality becomes more distorted.
When they use new micro pods by Nader  and gain new identities as workers at a game pod factory.
There  they meet Yevgeny Nourish.
Who claims to be their contact.
Nourish recommends.
Pikul order the special.
Once  Pikul pauses the game in order to get back to the real world  but finds.
That he is unable to distinguish reality.
Back  Pikul develops an urge to eat the unappetizing special.
Turns out to be an assortment.
Pikul constructs a familiar object -- the pistol used to shoot Allegra.
He points it as a joke.
Then Nourish identifies their Chinese waiter and gets Pikul to shoot him instead.
The other patrons of the restaurant appear more frozen than shocked  and return to their meals.
When Pikul tells them it was a simple misunderstanding.
Hugo Carlaw informs them.
When the pair return.
Nourish is actually a double agent.
The waiter was the actual contact.
Whom Pikul shot.
The next day plan to sabotage all the game pods in the factory by plugging into a diseased pod.
Pikul frees her.
When Allegra becomes infected.
Allegra almost bleeds.
Nourish shows up again  directing it at the diseased pod.
The pod bursts  releasing deadly spores.
Allegra stabs Nourish in the back with a knife.
Allegra and Pikul suddenly find themselves back.
It seems.
They have lost the game.
They discover.
Allegra s game pod is also diseased.
Pikul is confused from the game into reality.
However  Allegra immediately notices Pikul rubbing his back and realizes.
Vinokur gave Pikul an infected bioport in order to destroy her game.
She inserts a disinfecting device.
Unexpectedly  Carlaw reappears  and escorts Allegra and Pikul outside to witness the death of eXistenZ.
He is shot by Vinokur.
Carlaw can kill Allegra.
Who is a double agent.
He informs Allegra.
He copied her game data while he was fixing her pod.
She kills Vinokur.
Pikul then reveals  he is a Realist.
He himself was sent to kill her.
However  she informs him  then kills him.
She knew ever since he pointed the gun at her in the Chinese restaurant.
The two then appear on a stage  together with the main players from the game.
It turns out.
The story itself is in fact a virtual reality game called tranCendenZ played  mirroring the first scene.
This is enforced.
Another difference occurs.
When it is revealed that players are using electronic devices rather than game pods.
The real game designer  Nourish  feels uneasy.
The game started and had an overall anti-game theme that he suspects originated from the thoughts of one of the testers.
Pikul and Allegra approach him and ask him.
He should pay.
Pikul and Allegra grab pistols hidden and shoot Nourish and Merle to death.
Merle  Nourish s assistant  calls.
The other players appear more frozen than shocked.
They aim their guns.
Pikul and Allegra leave.
Who played the Chinese waiter  who first pleads  then asks if they are still in the game.
The last shot is  apparently unsure of the answer.
<EOS>
Appukuttan Nair is a struggling unemployed youth.
Who is staying.
He meets his friend.
Who is working.
Both cheat their friend s uncle out of 1 lakh rupees.
Appukuttan Nair then tries to get a loan.
He is rebuffed.
He then saves Chandra  the daughter.
He takes the woman and is mistaken by the doctors to be her husband.
Most also mistake him for the husband.
The driver tells him to continue the charade until the crisis blows over.
But over  Appukuttan refuses to stop the charade.
He is desperate.
The charade continues.
Appukuttan Nair threatens Iruvikutti that he will reveal the fact that Iruvikutti forced him to continue the game.
So Iruvikutti is forced to play along.
Some become suspicious of Appukuttan s identity.
The uncle is also on Appukuttan s back regarding the money.
Enters Lekha.
Who is the daughter.
She has already talked on the phone.
The relatives join to find out the truth.
<EOS>
Prasath and Balaji are.
Balaji falls.
Who lives.
Prasath   pretends to back Balaji s love.
Who has his eyes.
Secretly hoping to create a divide.
Selvi realizes Prasath s evil intentions.
When she finds out that he has seduced an innocent girl living.
However  she is unable to convince Balaji.
Who hero-worships Prasath.
Things come.
When Balaji and Selvi go by the lake and Balaji.
Balaji topples over.
The three head to the middle of the lake on a boat.
Prasath refuses to jump in and save Balaji.
He does not know swimming.
A devastated Selvi returns home -- her sister   has been in a fire accident.
Who plays small roles.
Has left her face permanently scarred.
Overnight  Selvi s life undergoes a drastic change.
Prasath becomes kind.
She comes as a maid.
Prasath lives.
His father wants Selvi to marry Prasath.
Selvi decides to marry Prasath s father in the absence of Prasath.
She decides to use her ` mother  status to exact revenge on Prasath and gives him a shock.
When he returns.
<EOS>
Jennifer Peters is a normal girl.
All the women stop any mechanical contrivance.
They travel in.
Jennifer stops.
The film progresses.
Her boyfriend s automobile  then a train she travels in of what she does.
<EOS>
It is December .
Andy Hardy is putting a $ 12 down payment.
Andy  desperate to take his girlfriend Polly Benedict  must pay an additional $ 8 by December.
It to be his.
Andy vows to attend the dance alone.
When Polly tells Andy she will be visiting her grandmother and will not be able to attend the Christmas Eve dance with him.
Judge Hardy later encounters his son  Andy.
Andy broaches the subject  but Judge Hardy tells Andy.
He can not have his own car.
Returning home  Judge Hardy runs into Betsy Booth.
Who is staying.
Betsy s grandmother has been effusive.
Betsy is thrilled to learn.
He will be her next door neighbor.
Judge Hardy s wife  Emily  receives a telegram that evening informing her.
Her mother had a serious stroke.
Emily and her sister leave immediately to care.
Andy Hardy meets Betsy Booth.
Delivering some s freshly canned preserves.
Betsy is obviously taken.
He does not reciprocate her admiration  he leaves as quickly as possible.
Beezy  Andy s friend  asks Andy.
Beezy is out over the Christmas holiday.
Beezy promises to pay Andy $ 8 plus 50 cents a week.
Andy needs the money to purchase his car  so he agrees.
Andy starts going out.
They find.
They only get along when they are busy kissing.
Betsy gives Andy a handsome new radiator cap and.
He leaves she sadly sings.
One morning Andy receives a telegram.
She will be home after all.
Andy telephones her saying.
He ca nt take her.
He thereafter opens a letter.
Beezy wrote saying.
He found a new girlfriend so he was nt going to pay Andy.
Betsy offers to help Andy pay.
He refuses her aid.
That evening he tells his father.
He made.
Judge Hardy explains his point on a car versus putting it aside.
Savings-And then discloses his deep concern.
Judge Hardy would like to convey a message but there is no telephone at her mother s home.
Emily finds telegrams unnerving.
Andy suggests a message be sent in lieu of sending her a telegram.
Andy brings Judge Hardy.
He sends a message.
Judge Hardy is so impressed.
He pays the last $.
Betsy deceives Cynthia.
Andy s car is an absolute wreck.
Andy tries to clear things up.
She angrily tells Andy.
She wo nt go because she has a date with a college boy.
Christmas Eve finds Andy wholly dejected for the.
When Betsy comes over he decides to take her to the dance.
Polly s date recognizes Betsy as an accomplished singer and asks her to perform  Andy is scared.
She will embarrass him.
She proves to be a fantastic singer and quickly wins over the crowd Never Rains But it Pours and encores with Meet the Beat of My Heart.
Betsy and Andy lead the dance.
Polly leaves.
Late that evening are gathered together around the Christmas tree.
When Mrs Hardy unexpectedly returns home-her mother is getting better.
Day Betsy explains everything to Polly.
Polly and her date come over to the Hardy home.
Polly s date turns out to be her cousin.
Betsy expresses her gratitude and leaves.
Polly and Andy make up.
<EOS>
Poppo  a teenage girl  is raped.
She asks them to kill her.
They mock her and leave.
Tsukio  a teenage boy  has been watching the rape passively.
Poppo and Tsukio begin a relationship  telling each other of their troubled past and philosophizing about their fate.
Poppo describes earlier rapes.
Are shown.
Tsukio tells of his own recent sexual abuse at the hands his parents and another couple.
Of whom he has stabbed.
Poppo repeatedly asks Tsukio to kill her.
He refuses.
Tsukio kills each.
When the gang returns and again rapes Poppo.
Poppo follows him complaining.
He is doing this.
He refuses her request  yet is killing the gang.
The story ends.
<EOS>
Grace Bennett is a Texas high-school student.
Who works.
Grace s stepfather pays.
Her stepsister Meg Kelly to serve on the trip  despite Emma s boyfriend Owen proposing marriage to persuade her to stay.
The three girls seek refuge from the Paris rain in a posh hotel.
There  the hotel staff and paparazzi mistake Grace heiress Cordelia Winthrop-Scott  Grace s double.
Who leaves rather than stay to attend an auction for which she is to donate an expensive Bulgari necklace.
The Americans spend the night.
The next day fly.
The girls meet Theo Marchand  the son of the philanthropist hosting Cordelia.
Theo dislikes Cordelia s spoiled nature but escorts them.
Where Grace successfully fools Cordelia s aunt Alicia and Emma dances.
Meg reunites.
She briefly met.
They find they have things  and spend time together.
He leaves.
Alicia discovers the impersonation.
Grace is unable to play polo well.
Believing  and not wishing to disrupt the charity auction  Alicia threatens Grace to successfully continue the impersonation or be arrested.
Her spoiled niece hired a lookalike to take her place while she parties.
Theo is attracted.
Emma s prince invites her.
Emma briefly wears Cordelia s necklace.
Cordelia arrives.
Does Owen  hoping to reconcile.
Cordelia discovers the impersonation.
She finds.
The necklace is missing as Meg forgot to retrieve it before he left France  and calls the police.
The girls fail to placate an angry Cordelia   Cordelia threatens to withdraw the necklace.
Riley discovers and returns the necklace.
To prevent this  the girls tie Cordelia up.
Grace can again impersonate her.
Cordelia escapes  and reveals Grace s fraud.
She demands.
Grace be arrested  but after Grace s sincere public confession Alicia bids the unexpectedly large amount for the necklace to save her.
The film ends  Owen and Emma moving into their own home in Texas.
Theo Marchand and Grace reunited.
<EOS>
Two boys  Xiao Dabao and Wang Xiaoshuai  were good friends in their childhood.
They were refused.
They had the life.
When they grew up.
Was not very rich and comfortable.
They decided to be take part.
They knew the death.
The song named Old Boys.
Contained their old memories was performed.
Unfortunately  they failed the competition.
When they became the top.
However  their performance touched the judges and a lot.
They also had new experience.
<EOS>
Ishikawa Goemon s entire family was assassinated for political reasons.
His mother sent Goemon away.
She was killed moments.
Running away  they were attacked by bandits.
He was saved.
Goemon followed  to train him.
Nobunaga and he was assigned.
Goemon was assigned to shadow Oda s niece  Princess Chacha.
They developed feelings  but they could not be together due to status differences.
Eventually she departs.
Chacha gave Goemon her favourite fan to remember her by.
Oda gifted Goemon his double-bladed sword.
Meanwhile  Oda s generals  Toyotomi Hideyoshi and Akechi Mitsuhide  conspired to kill Nobunaga.
The two made a secret written covenant  placing their signatures.
Mitsuhide  not trusting Hideyoshi  had his men hide the contract.
Hideyoshi betrayed and killed Mitsuhide  took credit for slaying Nobunaga s killer and became the next ruler of Japan.
The two young ninjas parted ways  Saizo hopes to be elevated to Samurai status and chose to remain in service to Nobunaga.
Nobunaga dead.
Goemon chose to leave and be free.
Goemon broke his double-bladed sword in two and gave one-half to Saizo.
Years later  Goemon became a master thief and a Robin Hood.
Sarutobi Sasuke  an inexperienced bounty hunter  tried to arrest Goemon  but failed and became his private servant instead.
Goemon infiltrated and robbed a treasure repository.
Contains a mysterious box.
Ishida Mitsunari  a high-ranking samurai  tried to retrieve this box to destroy it.
Goemon escaped  leaving behind only his calling card  a red sticker with the Japanese character Go on it.
Goemon  unaware  threw it away and distributed the gold to the poor.
A young pick-pocket  Koheita  picked up the mysterious box and kept it.
The following day  Goemon learned from Sasuke.
Intrigued  Goemon returned to the city to find it.
Searching around the slums  Goemon heard a scream and finds Koheita and his mother.
Who had just been callously murdered.
Goemon saved Koheita and retrieved the box  but also took Koheita.
Saizo and his ninja squad  working  appeared and confronted Goemon.
Refusing to turn over the box  Goemon fled and was pursued.
Goemon evaded all except Saizo.
Who remained close.
Saizo informed him.
The box Goemon carried was referred to by foreigners.
The two engaged.
Hattori Hanzo appeared and intervened  causing Saizo to withdraw.
Goemon examined the empty box and discovered a map to a mysterious treasure.
Goemon and Sasuke were led to the destroyed Buddha statue.
Where Akechi Mitsuhide had hidden his contract.
Goemon became angry.
He learned that Hideyoshi was involved.
Hattori Hanzo then reappeared.
Hanzo offered his old student a bag.
Goemon readily agrees.
Seeking vengeance  Goemon infiltrated Lord Hideyoshi s castle.
Where he killed Lord Hideyoshi and discovered Princess Chacha.
Startled  Goemon hid himself in the ceiling of Chacha s room  losing Chacha s fan.
He did so.
The real Hideyoshi entered the room.
Goemon had only killed his fake double.
Suddenly  one discovered Goemon and shot him in the chest  blowing him out of the castle and into the moat.
Later  Goemon was secretly rescued and recovered.
Goemon was then contacted.
Who took him to meet Chacha.
The princess had come to bid him farewell and returned the fan.
She had reluctantly agreed to become Hideyoshi s concubine.
Afterwards  Lord Tokugawa arrived to ask Goemon to assassinate Hideyoshi to save Chacha and country.
Elsewhere  Lord Mitsunari offered Saizo samurai status for killing Lord Hideyoshi.
Goemon and Lord Tokugawa crafted a plan to assassinate Lord Hideyoshi  Goemon changed his mind and did not complete the plan.
Moments later  all were destroyed by explosives set by Saizo and his team  they captured Lord Hideyoshi and tried to assassinate him by hanging him from the ship s mast with a steel chain.
Lord Mitsunari  believing Lord Hideyoshi to be dead  then turned and shot him.
However  Lord Hideyoshi survived the assassination attempt.
Saizo survived the gunshot wound.
Lord Hideyoshi  unaware  interrogated Saizo and threatened to kill Saizo s family.
He revealed who hired him.
Meanwhile  Goemon tried to rescue Chacha.
She refused to leave.
Lord Hideyoshi was still alive.
Later   Goemon rescued Saizo from prison.
Unfortunately  this caused Lord Mitsunari to kill Saizo s wife and take his child.
Saizo was later recaptured.
Lord Hideyoshi decreed Saizo be executed.
Saizo was to be boiled.
He did nt reveal his identity.
He falsely identified himself.
Goemon tried to stop the execution.
He could only watch.
Lord Hideyoshi kicked Saizo and then threw in the child.
Sasuke  disillusioned and over all of the carnage  abandoned Goemon.
Goemon stormed through the palace and eventually reached Lord Hideyoshi.
Goemon wanted to know.
Lord Hideyoshi had betrayed Lord Nobunaga.
Hideyoshi explained.
It was his insatiable hunger that had driven him.
Goemon eventually killed him.
There was a power vacuum.
The strongest fought.
Tokugawa and Mitsunari raised their own armies to decide  Goemon decided to intervene.
Who would be the next ruler  tired of all the deaths and suffering.
Goemon charged  wearing Lord Nobunaga s armor and carrying the repaired double-bladed sword.
The armies were fearful and confused.
They saw the crimson armor.
Goemon fought.
He confronted and killed Mitsunari.
Superstitious fled in fear.
Goemon then charged.
Hattori Hanzo appeared and intercepted him.
Goemon immobilized his former master.
Approaching Tokugawa  Goemon closed the distance seemingly  but was intercepted by Sasuke.
Mortally wounded  Goemon staggered.
It was revealed   Goemon only wanted him to promise and left.
He was only holding Chacha s fan.
There would finally be peace.
Goemon tried to stumble back  but fell to the ground from his wounds.
He admired the fireflies and stars.
Chacha sadly cried as he never returned.
<EOS>
The film is centred based in Shanghai.
The musicians - all friends - decide to reband and record new material over.
They will have complete control.
The film follows the men s personal stories  Luo Shoucheng returns to the neighbourhood  Tu Weigang reminisces about their lives during the Cultural Revolution  Chen Dawei enjoys time with his young son.
He lived in.
Weng Zhenfa continues his reinvention with master craftsmen at a local workshop.
Composer Chen Dawei s sudden death takes.
Them all follows the remaining musicians  attempts to organize a tribute concert in his name.
The film was shot  and backed by the Channel 4 BRITDOC Foundation.
It won the Special Jury Prize at the 2006 Syracuse International Film Festival.
It has also played.
Action.
<EOS>
Papa Gimplewart exchanges his house.
Order to escape the antics next door.
Unfortunately  the new house turns out to be ` Jerry-built   put up.
Papa Gimplewart asks.
Several disasters occur.
Is there anything else can happen.
He then realizes.
The inmates have just moved in next door.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
Affectionately called Marmee.
The sisters revel in performing in romantic plays written by Jo in their attic theater.
Living next door is wealthy Mr Laurence.
Whose grandson Theodore  nicknamed Laurie  moves in and becomes a close friend of the March family.
Mr Laurence becomes a mentor.
Whose exquisite piano-playing reminds him.
Meg falls with Laurie s tutor John Brooke.
Mr March is wounded.
Marmee is called away to nurse him.
Beth contracts scarlet fever.
Marmee is away.
Awaiting Marmee s return  Meg and Jo send Amy away to live.
Jo had been Aunt March s companion for several years.
Her aunt one day would take her.
She was unhappy.
Amy thrives.
Mr March returns home just prior.
Four years pass  Meg and John Brooke marry  and Beth s health is deteriorating steadily.
Laurie graduates and proposes to Jo and asks her to go to London with him.
Realizing  she refuses his offer.
She thinks more as a big brother than a romantic prospect.
Jo later deals.
Aunt March has decided to take Amy  who is now sixteen  to Europe instead of her.
Crushed  Jo departs to pursue her dream of writing and experiencing life.
There she meets she has penned so far.
Friedrich Bhaer  a German professor who challenges and stimulates her intellectually  introduces her  and encourages her to write better stories than the lurid Victorian melodramas.
Amy reunites with her old childhood friend Laurie.
Finding  she censures him and refuses to have anything more to do.
He has become dissolute and irresponsible.
He mends his ways.
Laurie decides to go to work for his grandfather and make himself worthy of Amy.
Jo is summoned home to see Beth.
Who finally dies.
Grieving  Jo retreats to the comfort of the attic and begins to write her life story.
She sends it to Professor Bhaer.
Meanwhile  Meg gives birth.
A letter informs the family  so Amy must remain in Europe with her.
Aunt March is too ill to travel.
Laurie receives a letter from Jo  unable to come home.
Which she informs him and mentions Amy is in Vevey.
Laurie immediately travels to be.
The two eventually return as husband and wife.
Aunt March dies.
She leaves Jo her house.
She decides to convert.
Professor Bhaer arrives and announces.
He is departing.
He proposes.
When he discovers it was Amy and not Jo who wed Laurie.
Marriage and Jo accepts.
<EOS>
An estimated.
7 million Cambodians died.
Were Thet Sambath s mother  father and brother.
He says.
He did not understand why the Khmer Rouge unleashed such violence.
He decided to seek confessions and explanations from former Khmer Rouge officials at all levels.
None had previously admitted any killings.
Towards the end brings Khoun and Suon to meet Nuon Chea.
The three former Khmer Rouge comrades try to fathom the history.
Which they were each a lethal part.
Sambath omitted to tell Nuon Chea of his family s fate in Democratic Kampuchea.
Sambath tells the whole story to the former Khmer Rouge leader.
The film also features appearances  the widow of Chinese Premier Zhou Enlai.
<EOS>
C.
W.
Briggs is an insurance investigator.
Who is highly successful  owing to think like a criminal.
His work does not impress Betty Ann Fitzgerald  an efficiency expert.
Who butts heads.
Her advice is usually followed however.
She secretly is.
Fitzgerald and Briggs are called on to be in his hypnotism act.
Attending a dinner.
Using the words Madagascar and Constantinople respectively as trigger words to put then in a trance  the two are given the suggestion.
They are newlyweds who are madly before being reawakened.
He receives a call.
When Briggs returns home.
Who uses Brigg s trigger word to put him back him to steal jewels for him.
Briggs has no recollections.
He is woken up.
He begins to investigate Fitzgerald into her house one evening.
There  he witnesses Magruder tell her and will not have a divorce.
He has reconciled.
Fitzgerald becomes drunk and tries to jump out of a window.
When he leaves.
Briggs stops her and spends the night keeping her.
Eventually  investigations begin to pick up evidence.
Points  leading to his arrest.
He manages to escape.
Where she grudgingly hides him.
Thinking  the magician begins to call Fitzgerald  using her trigger word to put her in a hypnotic state and resume stealing for him.
Briggs is no longer available.
It also becomes apparent.
The subliminal suggestion has remained.
Fitzgerald and Briggs continue to act the part with each other while hypnotized.
This leads several.
It is the cause.
They free Briggs  he rushes to the site.
Where the still hypnotized Fitzgerald is delivering the jewels.
Briggs is discovered and held  however he deduces.
A small-time criminal would nt have the nerve to do something as drastic as murder.
The magician attempts to run but is caught shortly after.
Back  Briggs attempts to convince Fitzgerald.
He loves her.
She is better off than Magruder.
She remains unwilling to break up  leading Briggs to ask.
Where are you going.
Their colleague George remarks.
They have left.
He already deprogrammed her.
<EOS>
The film started out rescuing a young boy from drowning.
It then pans.
He then awakens and sees a white mare.
He rides it  only to be arrested and subsequently imprisoned in 1871  for supposedly stealing the horse.
Though it had actually been stolen.
Two years later Ned is released and comes home.
The Kelly family are seemingly working to get ahead  by owning horses and farming.
One night  a local Victoria Police Officer named Fitzpatrick  offers to buy Ned s sister a drink.
Kate Kelly insists.
She does nt want one.
Ned intervenes and hostilities ensue.
When fellow Officers help Fitzpatrick.
Getting back  the Victoria Police Officers confiscate the Kellys horses.
Ned  his brother Dan and their friends Steve Hart  Joe Byrne and Wild Wright steal back their horses.
One evening later  Fitzpatrick arrives.
Ned is away  to visit Kate  only to be told that she does nt want to see him.
Fitzpatrick tells them they have warrants  for horse stealing.
A fight ensues and Fitzpatrick returns  telling the others.
Ned Kelly shot him.
The Police then arrest Ned s mother.
Ned  Dan  Steve and Joe become outlaws.
They later meet some Police and kill Constable Lonigan and two other Officers in a shootout.
The Kelly Gang avoids capture  living in the outback  often without food.
The Colonial Government sends.
Who arrests many people.
Sherrit  being told  provides a location.
They do nt want to harm his friend Joe  but only want the Kellys.
Where the gang might be.
Byrne learns and arrives one night armed with a loaded shotgun and kills Aaron for being an informant.
The next day the Kelly Gang take over the town  taking seventy hostages at the Glenrowan Inn  but also winning the trust of the townspeople there.
Hare and the Police are set to capture the gang.
Their train is saved by an escaped hostage.
The Police then lay siege at dawn.
The Kelly Gang  using plate metal body armour  emerge and begin shooting  but are forced inside again.
Joe Byrne is shot and dies.
Morning passes.
The Police wonder.
Where the outlaws are.
Ned then re-emerges but is shot in the arms and legs and falls.
Dan and Steve  down and knowing  commit suicide.
All is lost.
Ned regains consciousness and.
Though gravely injured  continues to fire.
He finally is shot and taken down.
Ned is loaded.
Hare asks.
He may have the beloved green sash.
The train then steams away.
It is noted  Ned Kelly was sentenced for the murder of Constable Lonigan and hanged at Old Melbourne Gaol on 11 November.
Even. 
<EOS>
Jack Manfred is an aspiring writer going nowhere fast.
To make ends meet and  he takes a job as a croupier.
The interview was set up back home in South Africa.
Jack finds himself drawn.
The job gradually takes.
It apparently had.
He goes drinking a croupier.
Whom he knows is cheating the casino.
He sleeps.
His relationship begins to deteriorate.
When he lets her read part himself.
It falls apart completely.
When Bella confronts Jack stand she had with Jack.
Marion breaks up with Jack.
One gambler  Jani  tries to befriend Jack -- another serious violation.
Jani shows.
Him bruises she got and asks Jack to be the inside man for a planned robbery at the casino.
All is raise the alarm.
He has to do.
When a gambler cheats.
Jack eventually agrees and accepts a # 10000 advance.
All goes well.
Jack realizes.
Jani s injuries were faked.
Marion reconciles but discovers.
He is involved and tries to foil it.
Jack raises the alarm anyway and gets beaten by the gambler as a distraction.
Others try to grab the money.
They fail.
Jack and Marion have an argument but she stays.
Jack assumes it to be the casino robbers demanding their advance money.
When a late-night knock comes.
Instead  it is a policeman.
Who informs him that Marion has been killed.
Jack finishes his book and gets it published anonymously.
It is a big success.
He does nt change anything  continuing to work as a croupier and live in his basement flat  not even buying the new car.
He wanted.
Jack goes on and gets another call  this one from Jani.
Who congratulates him and implies.
She benefited significantly.
Then she puts his father.
He implies.
He set up the croupier job in order to arrange for the attempted robbery.
He benefited as well.
Stunned but amused  Jack hangs up.
Just then  Bella appears and kisses him.
<EOS>
The movie begins on a search for the American G.
I.
That helped the young Bruce.
When he was just a child.
Bruce is determined to find G.
I.
Ernie Brown to thank and repay him.
Bruce meets the students of a local karate studio.
Who introduce him.
Thinking Bruce to be a karate master  McLean convinces Bruce to run the studio.
He takes care.
Bruce  accepting the role  dons a black belt.
Yet clever tricks convinces the students of his skills.
Bruce develops a bond and eventually takes up a fatherly role and begins to mentor him.
Teaching. 
Bruce continues his search for Ernie Brown.
Leads him.
Bruce steps up  one of the girls on Mr B s payroll.
He can even meet.
Thwarting Mr B s goon  Bruce and Polly make a quick exit  Bruce unfortunately leaving his antique vase behind.
The goons  fearful  decide to give the vase to Mr B as a gift in hopes.
His fury will be diminished.
Mr B develops a strange look.
He exclaims that he had not seen a vase.
Bruce plays a game.
The goons try their best to track down Polly.
The climax begins.
When Mr B s goons finally locate and kidnap Polly and knock  causing him to hit his head and go into a coma.
Bruce sets out to find and rescue Polly.
Unfortunately Bruce is discovered and confronted by Mr B.
Mr B makes Bruce a deal to pit Bruce against his champion fighter -- the Executioner -- with the agreement.
If he wins  Polly and the vase will be returned.
Bruce accepts the challenge and is soon  face to face with the massive and brutal Executioner.
Bruce is no match for the brutal fighter.
However Billy  having awakened from his coma and seeing Bruce fighting on television  wobbles to the ring and inspires his mentor to put on a sock and Sock It To Him.
Bruce defeats the Executioner.
Mr B  unhappy  tries to go back on his deal but is quickly surprised and arrested by the investigating detective.
Polly and Billy  joining Bruce  return his vase and congratulate Bruce on his victory.
Much seems unhappy.
He reveals the realization.
Mr B was his childhood hero Ernie Brown.
However  much  the detective rushes into the ring.
Calling Bruce his hero gave him  announces  but could not reveal this earlier due to being deep undercover.
He is actually the Ernie Slim Brown that Bruce had met.
The reunion is sweet and swift  Bruce thanks him  gives him the vase.
The credits roll.
<EOS>
She decides to keep the baby and not to tell the father.
When Claire learns that she is five months pregnant.
Instead  she quits her current job and goes to work as an assistant for Madame Melikian  an embroiderer for haute couture.
Melikian has just lost her only son.
Claire shows her willingness.
When she is treated.
<EOS>
Arjun lives a charmed life  surrounded.
He loves.
Then he meets Pooja.
His life gets even better.
The two quickly fall.
But  their troubles have only begun.
When a mysterious attempt to kill the happy couple alerts them.
Soon Arjun s brother is killed.
No one could have foreseen.
Pooja is mistakenly convicted.
Arjun must save her  but his father soon meets a cruel end as well.
He keeps up his family responsibilities.
Now   Arjun and Pooja work to expose the truth while evading a fate at the hands of either.
Wealthy industrialist Yashpal Nanda is widowed  and lives.
He gets Nisha married.
Vijay gets married.
Yashpal is.
Arjun makes the task easy.
When he introduces a young woman.
Yashpal is overjoyed and happy and can not wait.
Them to get married.
The Nanda family s world gets turned upside down.
When Nisha and then Vijay pass away suddenly  leaving the family devastated.
Then Yashpal  too  suddenly passes away.
The police arrive.
The question to be asked is are the Nandas a victim  or are they targets of a conspiracy.
<EOS>
A team arrive at a remote Philippine island to shoot a survival special.
The island is inhabited with an insatiable appetite for human flesh.
They have chosen.
Surviving Evil Trailer.
<EOS>
Narasimhudu s parents die.
He is adopted.
Who all take up the responsibility.
The sons rape a 11-year-old in the village.
Narasimhudu  vows to take revenge for committing the heinous crime.
Who is also the caretaker.
The rest is.
Narasimhudu kills them.
<EOS>
Yuji Makita  a guitar player and singer played  comes to a portside onsen town.
Thirteen years prior  he had had a love affair.
Ended poorly.
Waiting  Emiko often sits by the water singing a song.
Her mother taught her.
He realizes.
Emiko must be his daughter.
He sends a false telegram  saying.
Emiko is sick  and that she should come home.
Sanae returns  escaping named Murai.
Whom she had borrowed money when her father was ill.
Sanae spots Yuji to the port town.
He disappears again  leaving a note saying.
He will visit again.
Sanae leaves the very next day  with Emiko  but fails to find Yuji and returns home.
Some time later  they discover Yuji s name.
Says that he has been selected to compete.
Yuji is  however  bedridden.
So   Emiko takes his place in the contest  her parents listening on a radio in the hospital.
<EOS>
Set  the story has political intrigue  adventure  and romance.
The main characters are Diana  a princess-turned-slave  and Sho  her childhood friend.
Who later becomes her master.
The two were parted.
When Randis  Diana s father  had taken the throne from Sho s father  King Baasen.
Several then tried to kill the young Sho  Baasen s heir and believed him dead.
When he fell where Doria s castle had been built.
Diana watched the attack and tried to let.
Her father know  only to see Randis standing.
Ten years later  Diana is now the princess  but hates the position.
Her father  now king  tries to have her married-off to Prince Dunan of the kingdom of Guptia.
Diana  however  runs away  fleeing the castle.
Disguised  she manages to get a slave called Fina out of a jam.
They flee Doria.
However  they are soon attacked.
The nomads discover.
Diana is a girl  but do nt listen  instead  proceeding to train her and Fina into slaves.
A stranger walks.
Diana is being whipped.
The nomads want a rumble.
The stranger   slaughters one and is ready to fight the other nomads.
Who is wearing a mask that covers half his face.
However   the stranger is accepted by the tribe and is allowed to spend the night.
Diana immediately recognizes the stranger.
When the stranger puts away his dagger.
Who she thought had died.
Diana is then made Sho s slave.
Sho also recognizes Diana.
They proceed to take back Doria.
Unfortunately  the sadistic Prince Dunan manages to kill one of the nomads.
Order to find the whereabouts.
Dunan takes Diana back.
Where he violates her.
Meanwhile  Sho and the nomads start to take.
Duna interrupts but is killed by Diana.
He can discover Sho.
Afterwards  they go and inform him.
Doria is being taken over.
Randis takes his own life.
Sho is made king but relinquishes the position to Teo.
Instead  Sho prepares to travel.
Diana comes.
When he is ready to begin his journey.
She would rather be his slave and be than be free and not be with him.
So  they leave.
Doria and Sho leaves.
Some time later  they come.
Is ruled.
These elitists are led.
Yajil  Diana and Sho agree to try to improve her attitude.
But  unbeknownst  Yajil is only using them to get Diana.
A little encounter helps Patris change her attitude.
Yajil tricks Patris.
Order to have Sho killed.
Diana interferes and   reveals to Patris.
Kyle is.
The group confronts Yajil.
Which he escapes.
Kyle leaves also but does not take Patris.
She wants to be Sho s slave.
Diana is reluctant but accepts the proposition.
Diana goes off alone and cries.
Sho proceeds to train Patris.
The next morning  Sho tells Diana to look in the bar.
She finds him there and tells him to go back.
Kyle and Diana are shocked to find Patris tied up.
Sho offers Kyle to take Patris.
Both Kyle and Patris happily accept.
Meanwhile  back  in their desperate search for Dunan  the Guptans try to assassinate Teo  the new king.
The siblings  Hanna  nearly succeed.
Who is.
Teo s slave Ulsra manages to save him.
Meanwhile  Sho and Diana are.
Where Diana manages to beat a chess master and take his slave.
The chess master wants to buy back the slave.
However  Sho tells.
Him there s no need to pay and gladly gives him his slave back.
The chess master also tells the couple.
Sho and Diana quickly go back and start formulating a plan with the king s adviser Imil.
Sho and Diana become the new king and queen and   they must now travel to Gupta and settle the score.
Teo recovers.
En route  Marlon plants Hanna as a slave.
Order to gain information.
However  Sho and Diana are aware and use Hanna s feelings for Marlon to their advantage.
She tells Hanna to ask Marlon to make her his slave.
When Diana beats Hanna.
Marlon is reluctant but agrees after some talking with Sho.
Later  Sho and Diana admit.
However   the conflict will not end.
If revenge is taken.
Dorian troops invade Gupta  leaving them no choice.
The conversation takes place.
To make amends.
Later  Diana takes Hanna to Marlon.
Where they proceed the slave training.
Teo goes back  living with Ulsra.
He has one final conversation with Diana.
She is now known as the Slave Queen  inspiring other slaves to be by their master s sides rather than living in freedom.
<EOS>
A teacher named Kobayashi returns home to his pregnant wife Manami.
They discuss.
A student s named Toshio Saeki who has nt been to school recently.
Kobayashi is getting concerned.
He looks  reading.
His father  Takeo  is an illustrating artist.
His mother is Kayako Saeki.
Whom he remembers.
Manami remembers her.
The next morning  Kobayashi visits Toshio s house and finds him through the bars of the bathroom window.
He refuses to talk.
Toshio falls back.
Kobayashi asks where his mother is.
Kobayashi enters the house and brings Toshio.
Kobayashi hears a strange noise and looks out the window  not realising.
Toshio is making a cat-like noise.
There is then a.
A ghostly woman emerges.
An unknown amount has passed.
The house has new occupants.
The family living there are the Murakamis.
Daughter Kanna is studying.
When mother Noriko tells the girls that she will be out.
It is revealed.
There is a cat or cats that prowl the area.
Yuki is afraid.
She begins hearing strange noises.
Kanna does nt notice.
Kanna remembers.
She is late.
Yuki is now left alone.
The noise Yuki hears is more pronounced.
Thus she tries to distract herself  but her player skips.
The noise seems to be coming.
She packs up her things and tries to leave.
She opens.
The door and the hallway is now.
She calls out  but gets no reply.
Suddenly a cat appears.
She stumbles back into Kanna s room and inside the closet.
The noise is louder.
She decides to investigate it.
She is suddenly pulled by a womanly ghost.
She is kicking.
Downstairs  Tsuyoshi  oblivious leaves the house to meet Mizuho at their school on his bike.
What is happening upstairs.
Tamura Mizuho is.
She sees his bicycle and backpack.
Nearby she finds a cell phone.
A teacher comes out and asks her to leave the school property.
She waits.
It is late.
The teacher says.
When asked if anyone else was.
There is nt.
She helps Mizuho  and tells her to wait in the teacher s room she will be punished for it.
She checks the school again and reports.
Mizuho calls the Murakami house and is answered.
Who tells her that Tsuyoshi is nt.
Tamura turns.
Blink and go out.
The call has ended.
Mizuho turns around  sensing another presence.
She sits down and plays.
It stops working.
Mizuho goes to fit the plug back into the outlet.
When she sees a couple.
The phone begins.
To ring  and as she reaches onto the foot of that person.
The table starts to shake.
She screams.
All that can be heard is the continuous ringing.
Mizuho climbs out  and looks at the caller s number.
Is 444444444444 -LRB- the number four is considered unlucky since the number four and the Japanese word for death.
She believes this to be an opportune time to leave  but decides to wait.
She answers the phone.
The caller greets.
Mizuho feels something grab her arm.
She sees Toshio.
When she looks down.
Who meows once more as the camera zooms.
Two detectives  Yoshikawa and Kamio  come in and are investigating a mysterious body.
Was found dismembered nearby.
The body was not found.
Whom the jaw belonged.
It certainly did not belong.
A cadet comes.
A witness had seen two girls  Yoshida Hisayo and Murakami Kanna  come in to feed the rabbits.
Outside  Yoshikawa asks Kamio.
He thinks a person can live when it was lost in that fashion.
Back  Noriko comes back from shopping and checks the mail.
Some of which is addressed.
She looks upstairs.
There is no one there.
Downstairs  she receives a call.
Who tells her that Tsuyoshi is not  just before Noriko informs that someone has came back into the house.
Who it is.
She notices a trail.
She adjusts her purse.
Who just came in.
Looks completely dishevelled and beat-up and is walking up the stairs.
Whoever it is.
Noriko follows the person  repeating her daughter s name.
What happened.
The person slowly turns around.
We see Kanna.
Noriko screams.
We come back at the Saeki house  years before.
It is now late afternoon.
Kobayashi is getting impatient and calls Manami.
She says and hangs up.
There is someone.
Kobayashi finds Toshio.
He leaves him there and walks.
A door opens.
Kobayashi enters the room.
Are many photos of Kayako with her face cut out of every one of them.
Underneath them all he finds a journal  belonging.
He reads it  finding out.
She was obsessed.
He drops the book and walks away.
He hears.
Flies buzzing.
He ignites his lighter  looking.
He sees Kayako s bloody body.
He bursts out of the room  takes Toshio and heads downstairs to leave.
It is now night outside.
His cell phone rings.
He exits.
It is Takeo Saeki.
Who is calling  suggesting that he has stolen the baby from Manami s body  killing her.
Kobayashi drops.
Toshio picks up the phone and meows into it.
Kobayashi begins to realize.
Toshio is not what he seems.
A bedroom door opens.
Upstairs and a sloshy noise is heard.
Kobayashi looks and sees a bloody Kayako crawling down the stairs.
Kobayashi backs up  ignoring the meowing Toshio.
The door opens.
Kayako looks down from above.
Kobayashi has a heart attack and dies.
She comes closer.
Toshio continues to meow.
Takeo has Kobayashi s baby dead  hitting it against poles and pipes in the middle of a street near the phonebooth.
He drops.
Something follows him out into the middle of the road.
Takeo is killed.
Suzuki Kyoko is asked to come and check a house.
His realty firm has recently bought cheap.
Apparently all the Murakamis  the family  had been murdered or disappeared.
Who used to live there.
Who is.
Kyoko has a mild psychic ability.
She is naturally sensitive.
She feels some unnatural vibes.
She sees something moving.
When entering the house.
Kyoko checks the mail to see the name Takeo Saeki.
She feels a presence upstairs and slowly ascends.
Tatsuya is bustling downstairs.
When she sees Kayako walking.
Kayako slowly bends down.
She and Kyoko can see each other s face.
She follows Kayako  with Tatsuya tagging along.
Kyoko asks her brother to bring a bottle of sake.
She leaves the letters.
She hears a noise.
She takes a gulp and splutters it out.
When Tatsuya brings her a bottle.
She tells him to leave the sake  and to make potential buyers of the house drink it.
She states.
Sake is sensitive.
People should not be sold the house.
Who taste a difference.
She quickly flees  leaving her brother to take a gulp.
He does not spit it out and goes.
Some time later  Tatsuya tells her.
He sold the house.
He also asks her to check out his son later.
Kyoko decides to see the house once more  now owned.
Fear overtakes her.
When she sees Kitada Yoshimi looking and eventually turning to face her.
She realizes this woman is possessed.
<EOS>
Nihongo is a school.
Caters. 
Hence  Makino   is considered.
Who comes.
The school is ruled.
The F4 leader  and son  Tsukasa Domyouji  takes an interest in Tsukushi.
She is the only girl who does not fawn over him.
However  his hot-headed nature and bullying ways are originally a major.
Who has her sights set.
The violinist Rui Hanazawa  Tsukasa s best friend  becomes Tsukushi s first serious romantic interest.
He is a quiet and cool guy.
He has a soft spot and Tsukushi s idol  the model Shizuka Todou.
Whom he harbored feelings.
His character is a bit complex  and always has changing feelings  but above all cares about her a lot.
The other two members are Akira Mimasaka  the laid-back peacemaker of the group  and Sojirou Nishikado  an unrepentant playboy.
They both usually have at least one girlfriend  Akira prefers older women.
The women are quite childish.
Sojirou is happy to be.
We later discover that he was in love with a childhood friend.
Tsukushi s feelings towards Tsukasa evolve.
She begins to appreciate the degree that occurred in Tsukasa once he fell in love with her.
Tsukasa becomes fiercely loyal and believes in her beyond all doubt  and slowly gets her to see him in a different light.
However   Tsukushi and Tsukasa s relationship received a lot of opposition from Tsukasa s mother.
Tsukasa s mother then tries all ways and means to break the pair up.
<EOS>
Alex is a darkly sinister thug driving.
When he spots a young woman driving.
He follows the woman.
Where he cuts her off  gets out  and runs into hers where he throws her into the back seat and proceeds to savagely rape her before strangling her to death.
He takes her locket.
Some time later  serial killer/rapist Alex is.
Of whom work.
Alex is planning to go ` boogying.
Ricky is tagging along.
Suddenly  a large Cadillac vehicle pulls.
Contains a young  well-dressed yuppie couple named Tom and his girlfriend Lisa where they ask for assistance is making strange sounds.
Alex refuses to help them saying  and continues to refuse assistance.
The garage is closed.
After Tom offers him money.
But the slow-witted Ricky decides to help the couple and  finds a loose wire on the alternator and fixes it.
Grateful  Tom tells Alex and Ricky.
They are driving in New Jersey for a party.
Alex asks them.
He and Ricky could tag along.
Tom agrees.
Alex stops by his locker.
Is filled.
Alex picks out just one  a straight-edged razor.
A little later  the four arrive.
Where they are welcomed.
But  there are signs of tension.
It becomes obvious that the rich people are looking  as are Alex and Ricky.
It first starts.
When Ricky is forced to make a fool when Gloria asks him to do a striptease to some disco music  while he is further humiliated by forced to drink some hard liquor with each move he makes.
But Alex stops Ricky.
He can take it all off.
Lisa begins sexually teasing Alex  and goes further to invite him to an upstairs bathroom to shower with her  only to push him away.
Tom  Howard  and Glenda play a card game with Ricky  which is obviously rigged.
He later sees.
Alex grows more frustrated and angry.
The hosts are cheating.
Finally  Alex pulls out the razor.
He has.
A fight breaks out.
Alex throws Howard.
Where he endures a vicious beating and thrown  and further urinated upon by the laughing Alex  who drags Howard back inside and ties him to a piano leg.
He proclaims that he is running the party now.
The movie descends into an unrelenting catalogue of abuse and humiliation.
Alex and Ricky further beat with Alex slashing Tom s face with the razor  and beating his face into the poker table.
Ricky holds the others with a wine bottle and Alex corners Gloria and sexually fondles her.
Lisa runs.
Where she tries to escape.
Alex catches her and proceeds to rape her.
The front doorbell rings.
When Alex takes Lisa downstairs to rejoin the other hostages.
Alex forces Gloria to answer.
It s a neighbor  Cindy  a local teenage girl.
Alex grabs Cindy.
Gloria takes advantage to try to escape.
Ricky  still holding the broken wine bottle  runs and catches up with Gloria on the perimeter of the grounds.
Ricky shows Gloria no harm.
He means her.
Gloria responds to his simple nature by stripping off her clothes and seducing him.
Meanwhile back  Alex cuts Cindy s blouse off with the razor while singing.
Ricky then returns.
As Alex forces Cindy to strip off the rest  and proceeds to savagely slash her nude body with his razor over and over again.
Ricky makes the astonishing observation.
Things are getting a little out to stop Alex.
Upset  Alex turns against Ricky and slashes his abdomen wide open  and then breaks down.
What a mess he made.
Taking advantage.
Battered Tom runs and pulls out a 9mm pistol out from a desk drawer.
The tables are instantly turned.
Tom shoots Alex a few times  then kicks him back back door and into the back yard.
Gloria and the other women untie Howard.
The five hosts descend lying on the ground.
Tom removes the locket and reveals the reason  the woman.
Alex is wearing.
Tom wanted revenge  so he and Lisa wanted to lure them.
They can kill them and make it look.
Tom shoots the wounded Alex.
Causes him to fall.
Tom and Lisa take.
Turns shooting Alex  who thrashes weakly  before a final shot to the head by Howard finishes him for good.
Returning  Howard wants to shoot Ricky.
Gloria stops him.
Glenda tends.
Tom and Lisa go.
Where they talk they had and if they went too far for it to work.
Tom says that.
It worked out  and then picks up the phone to call the police.
<EOS>
Jesse returns home.
He hooks back up.
He used to hang.
Otto  the leader  has in his possession a speed demon  an ancient demon bound in an amulet.
Mikey challenges Otto and is killed.
When his car explodes.
Grief-stricken  Jesse discovers another speed demon amulet and remembers his father performing a ritual with it.
Jesse performs the ritual and one.
The members are killed by a mysterious black-clad helmeted driver.
Otto challenges Jesse.
His gang dwindles and desperate to cement his hold.
He believes.
Jesse has tapped the power.
Actually  it s Jesse s girlfriend.
Who s been acting.
She destroys Otto.
<EOS>
Marius and Jeannette live with their neighbors.
The lame Marius is a security guard.
The plant will soon be demolished  he is squatting.
Order to save money.
Jeannette is a single mother raising her two children on a meagre supermarket checkout operator salary.
They meet.
When Jeannette tries to steal two cans from the cement lot.
Marius catches her and tries to chase her.
The following day Marius comes  bring her the two cans of paint.
A relationship soon develops.
They are hesitant to become committed.
Both have been wounded.
It does not help.
Jeannette s romantic fantasy notions are different.
The two must learn.
To love again to blossom.
<EOS>
Rajmata Jijau tells the story  beginning with the return of the child.
Shivaji depicts Jijabai as a golden heroine in her own right  largely responsible for the formation of Shivaji  and therefore  for his accomplishments.
<EOS>
Spanning the years 1947-1960  the film follows the maturation as he and his family cope with the shock of leaving their homeland.
Having been only a child  Ah-ha quickly acclimates himself to the new country  often putting him at odds with his more traditional family  he joins a street gang and has to choose between that life and taking the college entrance exam.
<EOS>
The story follows Lewis.
He meets an American fan  Joy Gresham  whom he befriends and eventually marries.
The story also deals with personal pain and grief  Lewis preaches  but finds.
One should endure suffering.
The simple answers he had preached no longer apply when Joy becomes afflicted and eventually dies.
<EOS>
The man  identified only  leaves.
Ma can catch a glimpse.
One contains Kosaburo Hanaya  a belligerent Japanese sergeant  the other Dong Hanchen  an obsequious Chinese interpreter working for the Japanese Army.
Ma hurriedly enlists the help.
Fearing both the mysterious Me and the Japanese  the village decides to follow the instructions and detains the prisoners in Ma s cellar.
Hanaya repeatedly attempts to provoke the peasants.
Dong  fearing  alters Hanaya s words in translation to make him appear conciliatory.
The mystery man fails to return Year.
Promised. 
Six months later  the villagers finally run out and resolve to kill the prisoners.
The task falls after a drawing of lots.
Not daring  Ma instead hides the prisoners.
To commit murder.
Where he visits them regularly to bring them food and water.
However  an unsuccessful escape attempt reveals Ma s secret to the rest of the village.
A bitter argument ensues and the village decides to hire an assassin to carry out the deed.
Ma enlists the help.
He is told.
Being beheaded feels like a passing breeze  and that the severed head will roll nine times on the ground  blink three times  and smile in a gesture of gratitude for such a painless death.
However  Liu fails to harm either prisoner.
Claiming  Liu leaves.
It is the will.
However  Hanaya has lost all his defiance and is filled only with gratitude towards the villagers.
He promises to reward the village.
He be released.
The villagers agree and return the prisoners in the nearby town.
However  the Japanese Army has already made Hanaya a war hero  believing.
He was killed.
Returning alive shames the Army.
The commander gives Hanaya a merciless beating but feels honor-bound to fulfill the agreement between the latter and the village.
Captain Sakatsuka and his men bring a great bounty to the village and hold a feast there that evening.
Ma goes off to fetch his lover Yuer.
Captain Sakatsuka demands to have the man.
Who captured Hanaya.
He also accuses Ma.
Not  he orders all villagers to be killed and the village to be burned.
Ma and Yuer return only to find the entire village in flames.
Meanwhile  Hanaya is about to commit harakiri.
Japan has recently surrendered.
The war is over.
Dong is publicly executed.
The Chinese National Revolutionary Army takes back the area.
Ma  bent  disguises himself as a cigarette vendor and loiters outside the Japanese encampment  now converted into a POW camp.
Ma hacks them into the camp  killing more POWs.
When two Japanese soldiers come out to buy cigarettes.
He finds and pursues Hanaya  but is brought down.
He can kill the latter.
Major Gao  commander  condemns Ma s act as too despicable to deserve death by the hands of a Chinese soldier  and instead orders a Japanese POW to carry out the execution before a massive crowd.
Captain Sakatsuka hands a katana.
Who takes careful aim.
It rolls nine times  blinks three times  and smiles.
Ma s head falls.
Liu s victims were supposed to have done.
<EOS>
Robbie Levinson and Trey McCoy are an openly gay couple living.
The couple plans to hold a commitment ceremony.
Trey s mother  Barbara  suggests.
Who suggests  that the couple consider raising a child.
They disgustedly watch Trey kiss a nervous Robbie.
When Chris Boyd arrives.
Alton annoys Chris  and suggests.
They do something.
Chris makes unprovoked  threatening remarks  telling Robbie and warns him to watch his back.
He will go.
Chris is a youth pastor and the son.
Who vehemently condemns homosexuality.
Chris delivers Robbie his church s pamphlet.
Kathleen refuses it and threatens retaliation should Chris get involved.
Robbie subsequently learns.
Who is angered to learn Chris has long been estranged.
Trey is brutally attacked and is taken to a hospital.
Walking his Boston Terrier.
Where he falls.
The Boyd family conspires to agree on Chris  alibi.
Robbie commits.
Trey soon suffers severe brain hemorrhage and dies  having never awakened.
Robbie dons himself and Trey at Trey s viewing.
The investigation is transferred.
Who asks Robbie if he killed Trey  pointing out his insurance policy and the fact that Robbie s were the only set.
Robbie is arrested and given a restraining order.
Esposito moves to make a case.
Robbie enters Chris  home and finds gay porn.
Pastor Boyd confronts Chris of Chris meeting for anonymous gay sex on multiple occasions.
It is revealed.
Chris was meeting one on the night of the murder.
Detective Fisher contacts Alton.
He was not there.
Pastor Boyd confronts his son and confesses.
Robbie tape-records Pastor Boyd confessing and turns the tape over to Esposito.
Esposito refuses to move and confiscates the tape.
Barbara recovers it.
Chris contemplates suicide  yet refuses to testify  he does  however  leave Robbie his father s gun.
Robbie  Kathleen  and Barbara conspire and execute a plan to kill Pastor Boyd to retrieve the.
Esposito reluctantly accepts the staged break-in as fact.
<EOS>
The movie opens  in January.
Harry Angel  a downtrodden but competent private investigator  is contacted.
Cyphre  an elegant  mysterious man  tells Angel.
Who was drafted.
Favorite s incapacitation disrupted a contract.
Cyphre believes.
The hospital has falsified records  preventing the contract.
He hires Angel to discover the truth  and in the process  locate Favorite.
Angel travels  Fowler turns up dead shortly thereafter.
The records were altered.
Angel fears being suspected.
He meets Cyphre to update him and end the job.
Cyphre pays him $ 5000 to continue the search.
Angel uses a journalist lover to find out most  including his pre-war friendship with a Coney Island fortune teller.
He learns.
Her name is Margaret Krusemark  now a prominent figure  and travels to New Orleans to find her.
Margaret divulges little information and tells him.
Johnny is dead.
To circumvent her obstruction  he tracks and discovers her daughter Epiphany Proudfoot.
Who was conceived with Favorite.
Epiphany is equally reluctant to speak  so Angel locates Toots Sweet  a blues guitarist and former Favorite bandmate.
Angel uses force to extract details of Favorite s last known whereabouts from Toots.
The New Orleans police inform Angel  Angel later finds Margaret murdered in her home and her heart removed with a sacrificial knife.
Toots was murdered after he left.
Epiphany stops.
They have sex  she reveals.
Johnny Favorite was considered an extremely evil man who turned he knew.
Angel suspects.
Favorite is.
Angel forces an attacker to take him.
Who is actually Ethan Krusemark  a very wealthy  powerful Louisiana patriarch and father.
Krusemark invites Angel reveals the final horrible news to him about Favorite  Favorite was a powerful magician.
Who   conjured and sold his soul to Lucifer in exchange for stardom  but afterward sought to renege on the bargain.
Using an obscure rite and the help  Favorite kidnapped a soldier  murdered and cannibalized him in a ritual killing to steal his soul and assume the man s identity.
His sudden conscription and the amnesia ruined the plan s fruition.
The Krusemarks released him after sneaking him out of the hospital and hoped for the best.
Angel has a panic attack.
Who the soldier was.
Angel finds a vase and breaks it open  revealing a set with the name ANGEL  HAROLD stamped on them  Angel was and has been Johnny Favorite the whole time.
Louis Cyphre  a pseudonym  appears in Margaret s living room and tells him  he has come to collect because of Favorite s attempt to break the contract.
Winesap is dead  and that he has known Angel s true identity.
Angel refuses to believe him and is convinced.
Cyphre is merely posing and trying to frame him for the murders.
Cyphre exposes his true self and unleashes Angel s repressed memories.
Angel runs back and finds the police in his bedroom  looking over the body of Epiphany.
When Cyphre disappears.
Who was killed and is wearing his dog tags.
He will be executed.
What is his.
There is a lengthy sequence of a silhouetted Angel descending in an ancient iron Otis elevator cage  on his way to his execution and  ultimately  to Hell.
Cyphre can be heard saying  Harry and Johnny  showing his dominion.
The screen fades.
<EOS>
The documentary included concert and rehearsal footage as well as interviews.
Allin discusses the earliest years of his childhood in rural New Hampshire  and.
His father tried to encourage his family to assist him.
The documentary continues.
Footage include a violent confrontation with audience members at a spoken word appearance at New York University  as well as scenes of Allin defecating during shows  mutilating himself and assaulting concertgoers at an East Village  New York City rock club.
Quieter moments are also included.
The documentary also contains footage.
Footage are also briefly included  following the film s credits.
<EOS>
One sunny day  a young boy named.
Jo Kang meets a curious young girl dressed.
She tells everyone.
She is an alien and whomever she touches or gets touched will be harmed.
Everyone gets afraid of her except Jo Kang.
Jo Kang befriends the girl  Ari  and falls instantly.
Ari starts telling stories.
He believes everything.
She says.
He did everything.
One rainy day Jo and Ari stays together.
Instantly he gets affected.
Soon afterward  she disappears.
Ten years later  Ari contacts Jo Kang  now  and asks to meet again.
They have a wonderful time together.
They have not seen each other.
Their love begins anew.
Ari tells.
There are hot springs.
The mountain is a volcano.
Ari and Jo have a good time.
Ari continues telling stories.
She says  Jo believes her.
Her English got better.
She also tells him.
She wil marry a banker so that she will rob the bank to get money and leave the planet.
Jo brings Ari her favourite dish.
She kisses.
Her and Jo gets affected.
But then  Ari disappears once more  leaving Jo Kang devastated.
Jo Kang waited.
A very long time appears in front of him and tells him to come with her.
He tied a shoelace along with the chair.
He was busy.
Later that evening they have a good time.
Ari explains.
People kidnapped her since the magnetic force in her body attracts the UFO s.
Then Jo plans.
Ari tells him.
She is leaving.
Tells Jo not to cross the line design.
Leaving Ari.
Ari asks him usually.
Jo s friend gets stuck and gets admitted to the hospital.
His friend see Ari.
When Jo visits him.
Jo visits to Ari s Uncle with a fuel can and pours over himself seeking explanation.
He discovers.
Ari is suffering.
He then visits the Photo Exhibition conducted.
Ari looks him next and tells him.
You two look beautiful.
Then he Piggy bags Ari.
Where she explains that lawn design is sign left.
Later that night Ari fells sick and is admitted back.
Jo stands.
The Priest asks him to come inside.
Jo tells him.
Ari would love seeing him standing.
Jo designs.
A sign said to be left in order to fulfill Ari s destiny to leave the planet.
Then He brings Ari illegally from the hospital.
Ari passing her last moments feels pity and love on Jo.
He believed everything she said.
The signs of Flying saucer arrival is shown as a mark of resemblance of Ari passing away.
Jo explains us the Aroma of love left by Ari and still believes.
She lives.
<EOS>
Rory OMore leaves his sweetheart Kathleen OConnor back.
He travels to establish himself.
He is a musician.
Hopes o make it big.
Kathleen grows tired  only to find him on stage performing their song and kissing another woman.
Kathleen returns.
Who explains everything.
The wed and return to America.
<EOS>
Seventeen-Year-Old Jo Halliday lives a fairly boring life working as a hairdresser and living at home  with her nagging mother  pompous father  and fitness obsessed Aunt.
Her father  an accountant  continually wishes.
His dreamy  untidy daughter could be more.
One morning the local newspaper reveals.
She has authored a book - The Naked Revolt - which is an instant bestseller.
It tells the story.
Who discovers the truth  and flees to London to become a prostitute.
Unfortunately the town s residents believe the book to be a true reflection.
Her father finds himself.
His colleagues believe he has been stealing money.
Her mother is regarded.
Who has been conducting a twenty year affair.
Her local Doctor is painted.
Who is sexually involved while ignoring the desperate advances of his drunken assistant  Jo s Aunt.
Are true.
The local Doctor is a shy man.
The former army officer is simply a driving instructor.
Jo has left town with a young playwright.
Who is interested.
They are kindred spirits.
Jo is confronted.
When they return home.
The Doctor is threatening to sue.
Her father and mother have even begun questioning each others fidelity.
<EOS>
Mickey  Donald  and Goofy are assigned to clean a tall clock tower.
Mickey is outside cleaning the face by riding on the second hand.
Goofy is inside the building cleaning gear teeth.
Donald starts to mop the mainspring  ignoring several warning signs.
He gets.
The mop caught and springs it loose.
Meanwhile Mickey  now cleaning  comes across a sleeping stork.
He tries unsuccessfully to remove.
Mickey is left hanging.
Back inside  Donald is getting the mainspring back with a mallet.
He struggles to get the very last piece.
Donald gets furious and asks.
What s the big idea.
Donald gets.
It knocks him off.
Donald get.
S his head stuck.
The oscillation makes.
When he finally is free.
His body continue to move.
Now outside  Goofy is cleaning the outside bell.
It becomes 400 pm  causing two mechanical statues to come and ring the bell four times.
He is cleaning the interior.
The first figure  resembling Father Time  startles Goofy.
He sees no one and continues cleaning.
When he looks out.
The second figure  representing Lady Liberty  rings the bell.
Goofy is determined to be ready for the next time.
He is ready to attack.
He chivalrously apologizes.
When he sees Lady Liberty.
But Goofy is standing  and gets a big knock to the head.
This puts Goofy.
Mickey is alarmed.
When he sees Goofy almost fall and tries to save him.
Mickey is just barely able to save Goofy.
The two of them fly through a window  land on the mainspring  then all three land in the same gear.
Donald has finally managed to put back together.
Which Donald was stuck earlier.
<EOS>
Balu is a graduate youth  came to town.
Who want to become rich.
He works.
A police informer and fall  the daughter of Inspector Veerapandian.
Veerapandian asks Balu to watch closely his daughter.
She had a boyfriend.
Veerapandian s ennemy Kumar tries to kidnap her daughter  they fail due to his opposition.
Balu finds.
An illegal drug trade and his house s owner was sent.
Veerapandian is promoted.
Balu resigns his job.
One day  Veerapandian finds Balu and asks him to say.
Who s the killer.
He refuses.
Even beaten  he says nothing.
He can not find a job.
Baby is killed.
Balu decides to steal the money.
Balu becomes rich.
Kumar falls with Balu s sister Parvathi.
Balu was later arrested.
Kumar refuses to save him  his sister realises.
She has been cheated.
Kumar kills her.
Janaki tells.
The culprit is Darmaraj.
Veerapandian releases him.
Balu kills Kumar and Darmaraj to revenge his sister death.
<EOS>
God Is My.
Was based by fighter pilot Col.
Robert Lee Scott Jr.
Who fought during World War II.
Scott was considered too old to fly in combat.
He volunteered against the Japanese capital of Tokyo.
Scott flies transport aircraft into China.
When the mission is cancelled after he arrives.
Scott persuades Claire Chennault  the leader to let him fly with the airmen such as Tex Hill.
Who have been fighting the Japanese.
Scott gets his chance to fight  ultimately engaging.
<EOS>
The story centers.
Who is.
He views the task with a degree of annoyance  then slowly begins to warm up to the orphans  risking his life and his career to protect them.
Robert Englund played the role.
Susan Saint James played a doctor and the love interest.
<EOS>
James Bond is driving with the captured Mr White in the boot of his car.
Bond and M interrogate White regarding his organisation  Quantum.
M s bodyguard  Mitchell  a double agent  attacks M  enabling White to escape.
Bond chases Mitchell and kills him.
Bond and M return  discovering through tagged banknotes.
Mitchell had a contact.
Bond tracks the contact  Edmund Slate  and learns.
Slate is a hitman sent to kill Camille Montes.
Bond learns.
Observing her subsequent meeting.
Greene is helping an exiled Bolivian General  Medrano -- who murdered Camille s family -- to overthrow his government.
Bond follows Greene to a performance of Tosca in Bregenz  Austria.
En route  the CIA head  strikes a non-interference deal with Greene to maintain access to assumed stocks of Bolivian oil.
Bond infiltrates Quantum s meeting.
A gunfight ensues.
A Special Branch bodyguard  an advisor to the British Prime Minister  is killed while in combat with Bond.
M -- -- has his passports and credit cards revoked.
Bond refuses to obey orders to return home and debrief.
Bond convinces his old ally.
Rene Mathis to accompany him.
They are greeted by Strawberry Fields  an MI6 officer   nonetheless  Bond soon seduces her.
Who demands that Bond return immediately.
They attend a party Greene holds that night.
Bond again rescues Camille from Greene.
Leaving  Bond and Camille are pulled over.
They had earlier attacked Mathis and put him  and  in the ensuing struggle  Mathis is killed.
The following day  Bond and Camille survey Quantum s intended land acquisition  their plane is shot down after a brief air battle.
They skydive out.
Bond and Camille discover.
Quantum is damming Bolivia s supply to create a monopoly.
Back  Bond meets M and learns that Quantum murdered Fields by drowning her in crude oil.
M orders Bond arrested.
He escapes.
He risks capture.
Fields demonstrated bravery.
This is enough to convince M.
Bond can be trusted.
Bond meets.
Who discloses Greene and Medrano will meet to finalise the coup.
Warned  he evades the CIA s Special Activities Division.
When they attempt to kill him.
Greene and Medrano negotiate their terms.
Greene then finally reveals his true plans  now  Greene forces Medrano to accept a new contract.
He controls the majority.
Makes Greene Planet Bolivia s sole water utility company.
Bond infiltrates the hotel  kills the Chief for betraying Mathis  and confronts Greene.
The hotel is destroyed  Camille kills Medrano  avenging the murders of her parents and sister  and Bond captures Greene.
Bond leaves Greene stranded in the middle of the desert with only a can of engine oil.
Bond and Camille kiss.
They part.
Bond travels.
Where he finds Vesper Lynd s former lover  Yusef Kabira.
Yusef is a member.
Who seduces women.
Bond decides not to kill Yusef and allows MI6 to arrest him.
Outside  M tells Bond  Bond denies knowing anything.
Greene was found.
M also reveals.
Leiter has been promoted and has taken Beam s place.
She reinstates Bond  he tells M.
He never left.
He drops Vesper s necklace.
He leaves.
<EOS>
They find themselves.
When four children Peter  Susan  Edmund and Lucy stumble.
There they meet the friendly Mr and Mrs Beaver.
Who help them.
Only he can help save Edmund and Lucy s friend Mr Tumnus.
<EOS>
Insurance salesman John Nolan witnesses the fatal shooting.
Nolan had never met before.
Feeling responsible  Nolan finds out everything and discovers.
He can.
He had a pen pal named Lucy who is coming to meet him  unaware of Auggie s death.
He pretends to be Auggie  lives  and starts a relationship with Lucy.
When he goes to meet her.
<EOS>
Alan and Geraldine MacNally are a married couple.
Who are doubting if they did the right thing.
Meanwhile  David and Wanda Holland are.
It so happens.
Alan is the attorney who arranges their divorce.
This makes him and Geraldine fall even further apart.
Everything changes.
When Wanda commits suicide after she loses custody.
The MacNallys then start thinking.
What is really important.
<EOS>
A murderer is and is out to get everyone  especially the girl.
Who put him there.
The detective gives chase.
Who has aspirations.
<EOS>
The movie deals.
Mammootty plays the role.
<EOS>
Zetterstrom once had a love affair  then left her and forgot all about his past  in favour of his musical career.
A supernatural incident occurs  making the central part inaccessible  over time.
He is away.
It becomes impossible to enter the area due.
He is oblivious  and is guided by a mysterious man into the zone.
When Zetterstrom returns.
Zetterstrom must re-experience his unresolved and traumatic love affair.
<EOS>
Carlo Antonelli  an average citizen.
The day he is brutally beaten.
But  Carlo is pushed.
When the police drop the case and the suspects remain free.
Now one man will launch an all-out war.
Who plague the cities  where justice has its own rules.
Matters is Street Law.
<EOS>
Kikay and Kiko grew up together and built a strong friendship.
But Kikay has to leave her best friend to live and study.
She tries to fit.
She ends up being abused.
She thought.
Kikay returns.
There  she realizes.
Much Kiko loves her.
Feeling unworthy  Kikay drives Kiko away.
But will she ever find the courage to come face to face and admit her love for him.
She figures.
But romance creeps.
He shows her his true love.
She contains her feelings and refuses to believe.
A rich guy could really fall with a woman of her status.
Will Badong learn.
To trust Wesley and tell him she really wants to be.
Eric and Lia are two broken persons.
Lia recently lost her faith.
When her fiance got another girl pregnant while Eric is trying to convince himself that he has moved.
To prove  Eric recorded his voice.
He has finally gotten.
He intentionally misplaced it.
Lia was able to get the tape and was instantly moved by the greatness of the voice s love for the girl.
Lia decided to search.
True love is real.
It still exists.
Unbeknownst  the one - her annoying neighbor  Eric.
She is looking for is just living next door.
But just as  Eric discovers.
When they were already getting along.
Lia has his tape.
The pain suddenly starts coming back.
He tries to convince her.
The voice does nt exist but ends up falling with her.
Will Lia ever believe again.
The movie ends.
They kiss one.
<EOS>
The cartoon opens.
He is waken up by some crunching noises  warning him of intruders.
Using a rocket  the dog spots the Goofy Gophers eating some  so he disguises himself as a tomato vine and poses as the actual plant in the garden.
Creates a flare.
Mac and Tosh go.
Morning dawns.
Looks interesting.
Mac gathers up the tomatoes just.
Tosh imitates Bugs Bunny saying What s up  doc.
Mac then asks the dog.
He d had his daily iron  to which after the dog answers no  Mac hits him.
The dog runs  but Mac dives into a hole.
The shovel prevents the dog.
Mac and Tosh duck back into their holes.
The dog tries digging them out.
Tosh squirts him.
The gophers then taunt the dog.
He tries to decapitate them.
The gophers take the advantage to give him the ultimate hot foot.
The dog s back is turned.
Sends the dog fleeing to extinguish it.
Next  the gophers pull down vegetables.
The dog s first attempt to stop them only results.
The dog ducks.
The gophers then come.
Has been.
The gophers turn the tables by having the dog pull himself underground.
Straight and call him Silly Boy.
The gophers proceed to steamroll him.
Mac  however  stalls him  making the dog pull out the pin.
Spotting the pin  the dog starts showing it off  looking worse for the wear.
If it were a class ring  but while passing  the grenade explodes and makes him fall flat to the ground.
Later   an attractive Southern Belle gopher comes up  attracting the gophers  lovestruck interest.
The gophers are relaxing eating vegetables.
Mac takes the first opportunity to dance and allows Tosh to cut in.
Tosh s turn to dance has him pull off the female gopher  exposing the dog s paw.
The gophers then turn the tables again by tricking his paw into dancing straight into a mousetrap.
That evening  the dog takes a stick  puts it into a carrot.
He cuts.
Mac cuts.
The fuse and Tosh fakes the explosion.
Thinking he s rid for good  the dog celebrates by doing another round of guarding and then falling asleep.
The gophers  however  put him and aim it for the moon.
Next  they shove a stick into the dog s mouth  light it.
Mac sets up a camera.
The dog wakes up and poses for a picture.
The dynamite explodes  sending him flying and crashing into the moon  rocking to the closing notes of the tune Rock-a-bye Baby.
That it breaks.
Triumphant  the gophers saw down the Beware of dog sign and rejoice.
Their moment is cut short by crunching sounds.
As Mac and Tosh gloat that they ll now have no trouble.
The camera reveals.
It is Bugs Bunny  having just eaten the gophers  stash  just as a closing iris ends the cartoon.
<EOS>
The film is set.
The story follows Valedictorian hopeful Devin Overstreet struggling to pen his graduation speech.
When it becomes clear that all his academic overachievements have left him to no real-life experiences.
He finds an unlikely inspiration.
Mac  a 15-year senior and consummate ladies man  is smitten.
He soon realizes.
The only way he will truly have a chance is if he finally graduates high school.
Time  Mac must cram four years of high school academics.
Devin must cram four years.
<EOS>
Miguel  a young man  attempts to trick a girl into sex by pretending to be someone else.
He brutally hacks up the young woman.
When this fails.
Miguel is institutionalized at a mental asylum for five years.
He is released.
When his sentence is finished.
Along Manuela operates a boarding school for young women  called Europe s International Youth-Club Boarding School of Languages  on the Spanish resort of Costa Del Sol.
Miguel is intrigued.
Whom he first saw from the sanitarium.
The creepy Miguel follows her around.
Miguel meets to request.
They resume their incestuous relationship.
She reminds him.
It was this relationship that made him emotionally unstable five years earlier.
She says  Only  then things could go back they were.
They can not be a couple because nobody understands them.
We could get rid.
Later  Angela s friends are killed one.
One   is skewered by a 12-inch knife.
Topless. 
Exits her right nipple.
Another is coerced.
Who insists.
A young boy is run by a Mercedes.
Another friend is strangled.
There is also the real decapitation.
Nobody believes Angela.
When the girls start to turn up missing.
There s a killer.
She had seen the corpse.
It was gone as soon.
She went.
Confused and scared  Angela finally looks from the people.
Who run the school.
<EOS>
A doghouse labeled Killer with a dog and Tyke in it.
Tom pokes his head and spots a female cat in the window.
Tom brings along his double bass  then wakes and neutralizes him by whacking him in the head with a mallet and tying him up.
Tom uses his bass.
A pogo stick to hop over.
Tom plays Is.
You Is or Is You Ai nt My Baby  the sound waves Jerry s mousehole  bouncing Jerry off the bed  then under the table.
Jerry s head is hit.
Falls off the table when the mouse comes out the other side.
Having had enough  the mouse gets his revenge  the cat is angered  but continues with a few more bars.
Seconds later  he is hit again - this time with a pie covered in whipped cream.
Spotting Jerry  Tom chases him.
Both animals dive off an ironing board   Jerry drains the kitchen sink.
He landed  leaving Tom to crash into the crockery.
Tom follows Jerry.
Jerry pulls the window stop out.
Falls. 
Jerry then runs out and unties Spike.
The dog lets.
Starts a new chase.
Spike swaps his small teeth  and goes after Tom.
Tom ducks.
Spike s teeth come.
Tom then barely avoids getting his tail bitten and hides  holding a brick up ready to attack.
Spike sees the brick and investigates  but gets knocked out.
Jerry revives Spike.
His ally eliminated.
He leaps high in the air in pain.
Jerry hands off the board  framing the cat.
Knowing  Tom tricks Spike is a bone by playing fetch.
He is.
Spike obliges and fetches but realises.
He s been tricked.
Tom and Spike then begin a back and forth chase.
Tom stops periodically to kiss the cat.
Catching on  Spike substitutes himself on the third pass  and gets wooed in a Charles Boyer voice.
He stops his speech abruptly.
When he sees the female cat and  realizing his mistake  drops Spike.
Tom hides  he chases Jerry to Spike s house.
Jerry walks.
Jerry immediately hides in.
Tom then sneaks.
A second later  the door opens.
Spike pokes his head out  helps Jerry out and laughs even more evilly.
Spike is then shown viciously fighting Tom.
The cat attempts to escape.
Toodles Galore watches Spike strum Tom.
Who has replaced the strings  while Jerry plays a quick riff on Tom s whiskers.
<EOS>
Reshma is running away to Chennai  a day before her marriage.
She is insulted.
Determined to convince him she spontaneously grabs the role.
However  she dances annoying the film s director  Abraham.
He edits out Reshma s entire dance sequence.
The film fails Selva Ganesh   and suggests.
Who later offers Reshma a song.
She now be referred.
Silk is dances with Suryakanth  her childhood idol.
Silk seduces him.
Meanwhile  Abraham proposes a new film and is keen to cast Suryakanth  suggests he add spice and sex to make the film more commercially viable.
Angers Abraham.
Silk goes on to do many more erotic and sensual films.
She gains many male fans.
Becomes immensely rich and popular as the Southern sex star.
Suryakanth s younger brother Ramakanth.
Is an admirer and tries to befriend her.
Silk is happy.
Someone finally likes her.
Silk is praised for her performance  but is also insulted by Suryakanth.
Who tells her that she is nothing.
Silk announces.
She will continue to make her dirty pictures  and that she has no qualms.
She spends more time and sensing their affair as a sensational news  noted.
Journalist Naila criticises Silk.
Suryakanth drops Silk  forcing her to work with small-time film makers.
She loses interest and begins to feel threatened by a younger aspiring actress  Shakeela.
She intentionally trips Shakeela  much to the embarrassment of Ramakanth.
Who breaks up.
Silk turns  and gains weight.
Directors lose interest.
She subsequently loses all her wealth and fame.
Silk has accumulated so much debt.
She approaches a small-time film maker.
She is shocked to find.
He wants her to do a porn film.
He intoxicates her and starts filming.
The place is soon raided.
Silk  manages to escape.
Abraham begins to fall for Silk.
Though he at first denies it.
He manages to trace Silk s mother and wants to surprise Silk the next morning.
That night  she asks him to bid goodbye.
When he calls Silk.
She is going to sleep.
Abraham rushes  finding her lying in bed dead from a sleeping pill overdose.
<EOS>
John Rambo is a former member.
Who is awarded the Medal for his service in the Vietnam War.
Rambo is searching for one of his friends from his unit  Delmar Berry  and soon learns.
He has died.
Rambo knows.
Not yet revealed.
He is now the last surviving member.
The scene cuts.
He is quickly spotted by the town s overzealous and overprotective sheriff  Will Teasle  and drives him out of town in his police car.
Who decides that Rambo is a drifter.
Rambo immediately heads back  angering Teasle.
Who arrests him.
Rambo stays silent and refuses to cooperate with the deputies.
Led  they respond by bullying and harassing him.
Rambo has flashbacks as a prisoner of war.
Being processed.
Rambo has a flashback.
When Galt and two other officers  Ward and Mitch attempt to dry-shave him.
O.
W.
Camp and finally snaps.
He overpowers the three officers and fights his way out of the station  assaulting most of the deputies and throwing one out of a window.
Once outside he steals a motorcycle and is pursued into the nearby mountains.
The deputies are eventually forced to search on foot.
He climbs down to elude capture.
Galt blatantly disregards protocol and attempts to shoot him in cold blood.
Rambo drops and  while cornered  throws a rock at the helicopter.
Pitches. 
Galt falls.
Teasle   vows to avenge his friend s death.
Who had not seen Galt s attempt to kill Rambo.
Rambo is unable to persuade the deputies.
Galt s death was an accident.
Teasle leads his deputies.
The deputies are inexperienced and bicker  particularly.
Rambo quickly disables the small  disorganized team using guerrilla tactics and booby traps  severely wounding but not killing the deputies  he also kills their three tracking dogs.
Rambo isolates and confronts Teasle with a knife to the throat.
Do nt push it.
I ll give you a war.
You wo nt believe.
Let it go.
A base camp is assembled.
The State Patrol and National Guard are called.
United States Special Forces Colonel Sam Trautman arrives  explaining.
He trained Rambo  and that the Army sent him to rescue them.
Aware  he urges Teasle to let Rambo go and find him  Teasle refuses.
The situation has calmed down.
Rambo is eventually cornered.
The novice guardsmen fire a M72 LAW rocket  collapsing the entrance and trapping him inside.
They assume.
Rambo is dead.
Unbeknownst  Rambo has escaped into the tunnels of the mine.
Rambo finds some old fuel and makes an improvised torch.
Whose end is wrapped.
Rambo cleverly uses the flame of the torch to find an escape.
Rambo hijacks a passing Army cargo truck and is chased.
He rams the car.
Explodes and overturns it.
Rambo returns  crashing it into a gas station.
He blocks the highway by igniting the spilled fuel  also destroying the stolen truck.
Armed  Rambo destroys a sporting goods shop and a few other businesses in an attempt to confuse Teasle and identify his position before spotting him on the roof of the police station.
Rambo carefully enters the police station.
Aware on the roof  Rambo darts under the skylight to draw fire.
That Teasle s exact location is revealed.
Teasle immediately fires.
Rambo then observes Teasle s position.
Rambo returns fire  injuring Teasle.
Who then falls onto the floor.
Rambo steps  prepared to kill him.
Colonel Trautman appears and tells him.
Rambo can shoot Teasle.
There is no hope.
Rambo  now surrounded  rages about the horrors of war.
He weeps.
He recounts a particularly gruesome story.
Realizing  Rambo then turns himself and is arrested.
He has nothing left to live.
Teasle is taken.
The credits roll.
Rambo and Trautman exit the police station.
<EOS>
The British Government agree to loan the priceless Kohinoor diamond to multi-billionaire Vinay Kumar  on posting the security of Vinay s jewel collection worth Rs.
500 billion.
The Kohinoor diamond gets stolen.
Themselves suspects  no one really knows.
Who the real criminal is.
<EOS>
Jack Frost is the lead singer.
Who make their living performing blues covers and an assortment in the hope of signing a record deal.
He then returns.
Who has just returned.
They spend some quality time.
Afterward  Jack tucks Charlie and gives him a harmonica.
He tells Charlie he got the day Charlie was born.
He then jokes  telling him.
It s magical.
He ll be able to hear the harmonica.
Wherever he is.
Jack promises his wife Gabby.
He will attend his son s hockey game.
However  he misses.
The hockey game Do nt Lose Your Faith.
Jack then promises to take his family to the mountains  but is called in on a gig.
Could either make or break his career.
Jack realizes his mistake and borrows his best friend Mac s car to go home and be with his family.
Unfortunately  a bad storm begins to block his view.
Jack is unable to navigate through the storm.
He crashes his car  and is killed instantly.
One year later  Charlie  depressed  withdraws from all contact with his friends.
One night  Charlie makes another snowman.
Bears as he can remember of him and plays Jack s golden harmonica just before going to sleep.
This causes the snowman to come to life with Jack s voice  memories and personality.
Jack attempts to greet Charlie  but ends up terrifying him.
Jack walks and contemplates his fate.
The next morning  Charlie discovers Jack and attempts to run away from him.
Jack pelts Rory Buck and the other children and manages to grab Charlie.
When Charlie winds up.
Jack escapes on a sled whilst Rory and the enraged children pursue them.
Charlie realizes and embraces him.
The snowman is his father.
Jack befriends Charlie and teaches him the values.
He never got to teach him when he was alive.
Jack convinces Charlie to rejoin the hockey team instead of continuing to grieve over his death.
Mac tries to be a father figure for Charlie.
The two gradually bond.
Mac and Gabby slowly develop romantic feelings.
Charlie goes on to become the best player.
Charlie decides to take Jack.
Winter approaches its end.
Where it is colder.
Charlie attempts to convince his mother to take Jack there  but has a difficult time doing so.
Charlie then comes.
Who sympathizes not having a father and helps him sneak Jack onto a truck.
Where the isolated cabin  that the family was going to stay before Jack s death  stands.
Jack calls up Gabby  convinces her and tells her to come.
He is Jack Frost.
She wishes to see Charlie again.
Jack tells Charlie.
He has to leave.
The snowman shell dissipates.
When his wife arrives.
Jack becomes an angel.
Jack returns to the afterlife.
Charlie plays hockey with his friends.
Gabby happily watches.
Mac  now married  plays music on the piano.
<EOS>
Two men pick up a hitchhiker named Emmett Myers.
Who turns out to be a psychopath who has committed multiple murders.
<EOS>
The film is.
Who travels to Rajasthan.
He meets the beautiful Pallavi.
He instantly falls with her.
However  she happens to be older.
He is  though this does not bother Viren.
Pallavi s father suddenly dies of a heart attack.
She is shattered and goes.
Viren goes to console her  she runs towards and straight past Viren -- towards Sidhharth  the man.
When she sees him.
She loves.
Viren is heartbroken but  to fulfill  he arranges the wedding.
Pallavi s father s dying wish.
Allowing Pallavi to live her life happily  Viren leaves.
One year are killed in an accident.
It was revealed.
She was pregnant and gave birth to a daughter.
The girl is named Pooja and is kept.
Viren visits to time  for Pallavi s death anniversary  and buys gifts for the young Pooja.
He never spends any time though.
Makes her sad.
A few years later Viren returns and meets the grown up Pooja for the first time.
He is shocked to see.
When he meets her.
She looks exactly.
Eventually Viren brings her.
It is slowly revealed.
Pooja has fallen with Viren.
He has not forgotten though.
Viren has a friend Prem.
Who knows that Viren s heart still pines.
Slowly Viren hops back to reality engaging himself in work at London.
There a girl  Anita  falls.
Who works along.
She knows and constantly tries to gain his attention for herself.
Pooja and Dai Jaa come for vacations.
There Anita discovers.
Pooja looks the same.
This upsets her.
She is afraid that Viren will eventually fall.
Pooja develops feelings.
Whom she lovingly calls Kuwarji.
Prem also likes Pooja and understands.
Pooja loves Viren.
He is skeptical.
He likes the match.
Viren is still living.
There are scenes.
When Pooja and Anita come face to face over the topic.
Eventually Anita insults Pooja and asks.
What relation Pooja is that she acts authoritatively over him.
Pooja retorts back saying.
If she is not related  Anita is not related to him in either.
This frustrates Anita leading her to blast Viren.
Pooja finds a sketch and misunderstands.
It is a sketch.
She confronts him.
He blasts her saying.
He had loved her mom and not her.
Pooja is heartbroken and decides to return.
Viren decides to marry Anita and has been waiting for a long time.
He feels she is right.
Pooja ca nt bear this and decides to get married only.
Viren marries Anita first.
The climax shows a heartbroken Pooja narrating a folk tale.
Viren approaches a confused and wary Pooja.
Viren reveals.
He eventually realized  after Pooja left London  that he loves her and not her mother anymore  who had never had romantic feelings towards him.
It turns out.
Neither had gotten married as they said they would.
They are now free to be together.
<EOS>
The.
Patrick Carrion is a young boy.
Who worships all things American  and comes in a small village near a U.
S.
Military base.
He has a pleasant French life.
But one day  he meets an American soldier named Will Caberra.
Changes his life forever.
The soldier introduces Patrick.
The boy follows his dream of becoming a drummer and falling in love with an American girl Trudy Wadd.
Patrick s family and ex-girlfriend witness Patrick s heartbreak.
When he is faced that there is a price to pay with some American ways.
<EOS>
Mumbai-based Saxena family consists respectively.
Vijay meets.
They fall in love with each other.
Vijay is introduced.
He approves instantly.
Honey s long-estranged brother  Kanhaiya  re-enters her life and asks her not to see Vijay anymore.
Then the lives change drastically.
When money alloted is stolen.
Vijay accepts a contract to kill a man named Gulla - not knowing himself.
He is being set up to kill none other.
<EOS>
Susie Salmon  a 14-year-old girl living in Pennsylvania with her parents  sister  and brother  dreams about becoming a photographer some day.
One day  Ray Singh  a boy  approaches her and slips a note into her textbook.
Susie has a crush.
He asks her out.
She runs.
Susie walks home.
Who coaxes her that he says he has built for the neighborhood children.
Susie becomes uncomfortable in Harvey s presence and attempts to leave   she kicks him in the face and runs into the field and onto the street  rushing past classmate Ruth Connors.
When he grabs her.
Meanwhile  the Salmon family becomes worried.
Susie failed to return.
Her father  Jack  leaves to search.
Her mother  Abigail  waits.
Susie sees her father.
He does not respond.
Susie then runs home to find Harvey soaking.
Susie realizes.
She never escaped the den and was actually murdered.
Screaming  she is pulled.
Is neither Heaven nor Earth.
Susie watches over her loved ones  unable to let go despite her new afterlife friend  Holly  urging her to move on.
Investigating Susie s disappearance  Jack thinks.
Susie was murdered.
He begins obsessively researching neighbors.
Who is actually the one who murdered Susie.
Harvey is the killer.
But Fenerman   he is unable to find any evidence.
He interviewed Harvey.
Would link him.
Susie s sister  Lindsey  comes to agree  but their casework takes an emotional toll on Abigail.
Jack invites her alcoholic mother  Lynn  to move in.
Feeling alienated  Abigail leaves for California.
Susie inspects a lighthouse and learns.
Harvey  who has now targeted Lindsey  has murdered six other females  including Holly  and that he stuffed Susie s body into a safe in his basement.
One night  Jack  carrying a bat  trails Harvey.
However  Jack accidentally stumbles.
Her boyfriend  Brian   nearly beats Jack.
Who mistakenly thinks that his girlfriend is being assaulted.
Harvey watches.
Lindsey breaks into Harvey s house looking for evidence.
Upstairs  she finds a notebook containing a sketch  a lock of Susie s hair  and news articles about Susie s disappearance.
Harvey returns home.
Lindsey manages to escape and runs home to discover.
Her mother has returned.
Not wishing to spoil the happy reunion  she hides the book from them and instead gives it to her grandmother.
Fearful remains with him.
The realm begins expanding into a larger heaven.
She is greeted.
She resists.
Holly s urging to enter heaven along  claiming she has one final thing to do.
Meanwhile  Ruth and Ray are present.
When Harvey drives up to dispose.
Susie returns and enters Ruth s body  causing Ruth to faint.
Ray rushes.
She has become Susie.
They share a kiss  completing Susie s last wish.
She returns.
Harvey drives away.
Meanwhile  the safe is seen tumbling down the sinkhole.
Sometime later  Harvey meets a young woman and offers her a ride.
She rebuffs him and leaves.
A large icicle falls  hitting Harvey on the shoulder.
He loses his balance and falls backward over a cliff to his death.
Time passes.
Susie sees.
Her family is healing  which Susie refers.
Susie finally enters Heaven  telling the audience  My name is Salmon   first name Susie.
The film concludes.
I was 14 years old.
When I was murdered.
I was here and then I was gone.
I wish you all a long and happy life.
<EOS>
Steve Armstrong is working somewhere in the galaxy.
Overwhelmed  he repeatedly fouls up and soon finds himself in a confrontation with an alien patron named Fang.
Smashes up the diner and leaves the alien injured.
Fang is an Arena fighter.
It turns out.
His manager Quinn confronts Steve.
Amazed  Quinn offers him a contract  but convinced  Steve refuses  intending to make his way back.
A human could beat one.
Humans no longer have a place.
Lacking sufficient money  Shorty attempts to raise the cash by gambling in an underground casino.
The game is raided.
Shorty pockets the money.
Caught by crime boss Rogor and his enforcer Weezil  Shorty is held for ransom.
Steve promises to pay off the debt  so he reluctantly returns and agrees to a contract.
Remarkably he wins his first match.
He continues fighting  determined to prove  and soon becomes a top contender.
A human has what it takes to be champion.
Steve ultimately wins the championship from Rogor s top fighter  an alien named Horn.
<EOS>
Set  this is a tale about a unique camera.
Captures reality.
A battle begins.
When the photos rebel.
Who will win.
<EOS>
Captured mice are imprisoned in cages  worrying about their fates in scientific experiments.
Playing the harmonica  Sylvester marches outside  discouraging any mouse.
Would dare escape.
The senorita mice are crying about family members and boyfriends having gone missing.
The mayor attempts to recruit volunteers to help rescue their villagers  but realize.
The situation is hopeless because Sylvester is too fast and smart.
Then  one suggests calling on Speedy Gonzales to help with the rescue effort.
He is.
Speedy would come all the way to visit my seester Carmella.
Carmella is recruited to place a long-distance call to Speedy  seconds after the call is placed  Speedy races to the village to begin the rescue effort.
Speedy walks  much like a bullfighter before his fight  drawing Sylvester s attention.
The mouse directly taunts the gringo pussy gato.
Sylvester -- perhaps thinking -- sarcastically obliges.
Speedy is the latest attempted would-be rescuer.
Speedy instantly races  the cat s attempt to snare them in a rope trap fails.
Speedy s quick pace pulls Sylvester.
Sylvester s other encounters include  The cat s attempt to crush Speedy with a large rock.
Speedy then smuggles out several more mice.
Sylvester looks.
Explodes as the mice make their getaway.
Speedy sneaking out several more mice using a dachshund costume.
One briefly is separated from the group  but is able to catch up.
Sylvester crashes.
Speedy using a set to bring the rest of the mice home.
Sylvester tries to hide.
The train simply goes through his tail.
The cat cries.
Here  Speedy refers On the Atchison  Topeka and the Santa Fe.
Speedy is hailed as a hero and gets a big kiss from Carmella.
Speedy goes wild and blasts.
The other mice laugh  commenting.
He is now a loco satellite.
<EOS>
Krishna is son.
Bharathi is a rich lady daughter.
Krishna is grown up and gets a new car.
He accidentally kills Balaiah s brother and blinds Balaiah.
Driving with his friend Satyam.
The consequences is the story of the film.
<EOS>
The minimal plot involves two women.
Whose personalities are when they first meet and move in together.
The third woman is a key supporting character -- a mural artist.
Who owns   the same apartment building.
The events take place typical of those found east of Los Angeles.
The film has a dream-like quality  focusing more on behavior  mood and mystery than on plot devices.
Is open.
What the film is about exactly.
Even Altman said.
He was not sure what the ending means but has a theory.
Is. 
What is clear.
The two principal characters undergo a transformation in which they exchange their relative status.
3 Women has a kinship with Bergman s Persona.
Duvall plays Mildred Millie Lammoreaux  a woman.
Who is very confident despite the fact that the men she hits on openly mock her.
Altman claims.
Duvall was responsible.
Spacek plays Pinky Rose  a naive  childlike woman.
Who refuses to talk and who initially idolizes Duvall  but eventually comes to dominate her.
They both work and much of the film takes place at their apartment building.
Where the third woman  Willie Hart  played  creates striking and somewhat unsettling murals.
<EOS>
Cedric Errol is a poor American boy.
Who finds that he is the sole heir and thus becomes Lord Fauntleroy.
<EOS>
He leaves his estate as his guardian.
When the kind hearted duke dies.
<EOS>
Berry is a boy.
Who plays fast and loose and likes to hang around.
One day he meets Thera  a girl.
Who s a little bit older.
She turns his head around.
They start a romance culminating.
Where they have oysters.
Suddenly Thera disappears.
Berry becomes crazy.
<EOS>
Gas station attendant Clint Ramsey   finds himself too irresistible.
Who works.
Of whom have the word Super.
He is married to the hypersexual  demanding  and jealous SuperAngel.
Who constantly harasses him.
She orders him home Clint and overhears a female customer  SuperLorna  hitting on him at work.
When she calls.
Clint finds.
SuperAngel s constant accusations and arguing a turnoff and  back  they fight after he rejects her aggressive advances.
A neighbor calls the police.
Clint leaves.
Meanwhile  SuperAngel seduces Harry Sledge  the cop.
Who responded.
He is impotent and unable to perform.
She repeatedly taunts and insults him.
Finally results.
Sledge burns down the house  then tries to pin the murder.
Clint claims being.
SuperHaji has her revenge by refusing to confirm his alibi.
Clint is then forced to flee.
Clint hitchhikes a ride from a man and his girlfriend SuperCherry.
SuperCherry comes on to him and puts his hand over her breast  but then pulls it back.
She then tries to give him a handjob.
He continues to resist her advances.
The driver takes offense.
She says.
He probably just wants a closer contact.
She again attempts and fails to seduce him.
He asks the driver to let him get out.
The driver follows him out and beats and robs him.
Clint is found.
Who takes him.
Clint agrees to work to repay him.
The farmer has a younger Austrian mail-order bride  SuperSoul.
Who is hypersexual.
She comes knocking on Clint s door at night.
She immediately pushes him.
Where she proceeds to mount and rape him  until he manages to overpower her.
However  she does the same the following day and this time overpowering him.
Looking  the farmer finds them in the barn  then chases Clint away and punches SuperSoul.
Fleeing  Clint meets a motel owner and his deaf daughter  SuperEula.
Who convinces him to take a ride in her dune buggy to have sex in the desert.
They are caught and chased out of town.
Clint eventually meets up at Supervixen s Oasis  a roadside diner.
SuperVixen is a friendly and giving reincarnation.
Whose ghost now appears nude to comment on the plot from atop a bedspring balanced on a mesa.
Clint and SuperVixen fall and are inseparable.
Their common nemesis  Harry Sledge  arrives.
<EOS>
Set at a Catholic church in the Bronx  New York  the film opens with the progressive-minded Father Flynn giving a sermon on the nature of doubt  noting.
It can be a unifying force.
The next evening  Sister Aloysius  the strict and conservative principal  discusses the sermon with her fellow nuns  the Sisters of Charity of New York.
She asks.
Anyone has observed unusual behavior that would inspire Father Flynn to preach  and instructs them to keep their eyes open should any such behavior occur in the future.
Sister James  a young and naive teacher  observes the closeness  the school s only black student and an altar boy.
Sister James receives a call asking for Donald Miller to meet Father Flynn in the rectory.
Donald is distraught.
When he returns.
Sister James notices the smell on his breath.
Later   she sees Father Flynn placing a white shirt.
Her students are learning a dance.
Sister James reports her observations.
Sisters Aloysius and James voice their suspicions.
Father Flynn s relationship may be inappropriate.
Several times Father Flynn asks them to leave the matter alone.
Sister Aloysius persists.
Finally  he is pressured.
Donald had been caught drinking altar wine.
He had promised Donald not to tell anyone.
Having now been forced to break that promise and reveal the truth  he will need to dismiss Donald.
He had been trying to avoid.
Father Flynn tells Sister Aloysius.
He is displeased.
His next sermon regards gossip and.
It is easily spread.
Initially  Sister James is relieved and convinced.
Sister Aloysius s belief is unshakable.
He has behaved inappropriately.
Sister James later asks Father Flynn.
She saw him leaving  having not revealed this detail to Sister Aloysius.
They discuss his relationship.
Father Flynn offers a reasonable explanation.
Sister James s doubts are assuaged.
Sister Aloysius meets.
Mrs Miller shocks Sister Aloysius in the alleged misconduct on Father Flynn s part.
As far Donald need only last.
She is concerned.
Graduation would increase his chances of going to a decent high school.
It is hinted and revealed.
Donald is homosexual.
His father is abusive.
Mrs Miller begs.
Sister Aloysius drop the matter  feeling that Father Flynn is a source he receives at home.
She becomes angry.
When Sister Aloysius refuses to compromise and threatens to throw Donald out.
Mrs Miller believes.
Donald would be punished.
Sister Aloysius again confronts Father Flynn and demands  otherwise  she will go to the Bishop.
He tell her the truth.
Father Flynn is adamant.
There is no illicit relationship.
Sister Aloysius has learned  having moved.
He has a history.
She tells him.
She has contacted a nun.
Father Flynn is furious.
She has contacted a nun.
Sister Aloysius tells him he does nt deserve to wear the collar  and asks.
Unable to stand up  he succumbs to her demands.
Father Flynn steps down from the pulpit and shakes hands with the members of the congregation.
Some time later  Sisters Aloysius and James are sitting together.
Sister Aloysius tells Sister James.
Although Father Flynn resigned  the bishop has appointed him at a larger church and its parochial school  in essence promoting him to a more prestigious position.
She then admits  her justification is.
She lied  and thus drove him out with no more than her suspicions.
If Father Flynn truly were innocent  he would not have given.
Repeating a line  Sister Aloysius says that in the pursuit of wrongdoing  one steps away from God.
Sister Aloysius concludes.
One also pays a price.
She breaks down and says to Sister James  I have doubts  I have such doubts.
And.
Father Flynn is or is not innocent.
<EOS>
A man finds his father murdered and sets out west to find information.
What happened.
<EOS>
Chennabasappa is a successful high-collar manager.
Chennabasappa wants to build a house in Bangalore and desperately needs money.
He decides to sell his plantation spread to a soap company.
The plantation has been looked.
Baswa is Chennabasappa s loyal servant.
Baswa becomes agitated.
He considers Chennabasappa s act to be something close.
The piece of land is like one s mother.
Chennabasappa sold.
Chennabasappa is a rationalist.
Who is more and does nt believe on anything that s beyond sensory perception.
He is a hard-headed fellow.
Who is bossy.
We see Uma behaving strangely.
The story progresses.
She would speak something.
The family members come to know.
Chennabasappa had seduced Baswa s wife while he was a teenager.
Baswa s wife got pregnant and jumped to save herself from taunts.
Chennabasappa tries every medication and treatment.
Would bring Uma back.
Nothing works out.
Unfortunately the family also becomes the target.
Who start milking them.
The family is fooled by a Tantrik Puttachari.
Who actually tries.
However his plans fail.
When Nandish interrupts and saves Uma.
Finally the family finds peace.
Who discovers the roots.
Shashtri orders.
We come to know Tantrik.
The unholy spirit was actually sent to Uma.
Whom Baswa paid.
Uma turns to normal.
A vengeful Nandish decides to go man with Baswa and reaches his ancestral village.
He comes to know.
The Baswa died a few days back.
Nandish begs a local Tantrik to help him out meet Baswa s spirit.
He is all set to find answers.
<EOS>
The Stooges are inept electricians as well as their boss  Smilin  Sam McGann.
Who manage to electrocute themselves.
Curly suggests.
The boys take a nice  long rest.
They spot an ad  and embark on their R&R trip.
The boys are introduced to Dr Mallard  only to be fed a nice bowl of milk for breakfast and lunch.
Who prescribes a detailed  regimented schedule.
Mallard then assigns two nurses to train the Stooges.
Sends the boys head into fits of love -- until the nurses turn out to be men.
Moe and Larry attempt to help Curly flex his muscles.
The Stooges are vigorously training.
The weights land  knocking them cold.
The two spill the beans.
Mallard is a quack.
The Stooges realize.
The phony doctor is out to swindle the trio.
Curly bumps into a wealthy man with a bad foot  and is handsomely rewarded with a $ 1000 for his efforts.
Moe and Larry promptly clobber him.
When Curly suggests using the money to take a nice  long rest.
<EOS>
Seventeen-year-old Izzy Daniels is a star boxer and the son.
His eight year old sister  Karin  is crazy.
About Double Dutch and Izzy is asked to take Karin and her friends.
Izzy has often seen them Double Dutch and is always bothering them.
He acts out of character  standing and cheering along with everyone else.
He does nt.
Izzy has a complicated relationship Mary.
They always bother each other.
Whenever they see each other.
Mary is a member.
Who place fourth.
They make the city finals.
They face the prospect.
When Yolanda  the fourth member  decides to quit and join their rival team  The Dutch Dragons.
Izzy   quips.
Did she finally figure out Double Dutch is lame.
He finally relents.
When the other members  Keisha and Shauna  ask him to fill in until they find a permanent replacement.
His conditions are and.
They practice.
Where no one s going to watch.
Meanwhile  Izzy has a boxing match.
Who will win the Golden Gloves.
Goes. 
Izzy beats him.
Rodney does nt accept it.
He claims.
He just got lucky and pushes Izzy.
Izzy says no  and walks out.
Izzy improves tremendously  and begins to love the sport.
He tells the Joy Jumpers.
He d like to be permanently.
They happily agree.
Izzy and Mary begin to get along better.
Eventually they fall.
One night  Mary kisses Izzy  showing him her true feelings.
The Next Day   he snaps some photos  prints them and hangs them.
When Rodney finds Izzy jumping Double Dutch.
He then tells Izzy  So that s.
You wo nt give me a rematch.
Izzy gets mad and walks right.
Mary tries to convince him not to quit their team.
Izzy coldly ignores her and wants nothing more to do.
Mary is disappointed.
She leaves.
The only girl boxer  Tammy  understands.
Izzy feels.
She gives him a pep talk.
She never quit boxing when the guys teased her  and that he should nt quit either.
Because they made fun.
He tells Rodney.
He s sick and that he s not going to let his anger control him.
He walks out.
Rodney runs  intent on beating him up.
But he trips.
Instead  he just walks out.
Meanwhile  Mary  Keisha and Shauna meet up.
They feel like giving up.
Izzy .
Then walks and asks.
What  were you really gon na start.
They change their name.
All is forgiven.
The tournament begins.
They get first  then second in speed.
This ties them.
The freestyle will determine it all.
They blew the stage up.
The Hot Chili Steppers get first  and go.
Izzy notices Rodney in the crowd  and asks him for a truce.
He accepts.
Izzy had finally won the respect.
The narrator was Rodney.
Who works  and often tells them Izzy s story as inspiration.
He also states.
Izzy and Mary are now a couple.
The film closes.
They celebrate while winning the tournament.
<EOS>
The Gavins claimed.
The plot followed closely the facts contained about the Fryatt incident  with a Belgian love story added.
The film begins.
Fryatt  the commander  has rammed a German submarine  and has returned to London a hero.
German spies seek to track him down.
Fryatt goes  is captured by the Germans and executed.
<EOS>
Every year  thousands set sail for Australian shores seeking asylum - seeking protection - seeking freedom.
Some find it.
Others end up or one of the many formidable  desert bound detention centres hidden from view in remote corners of the Australian outback.
Azadi follows the plight.
Who escape their oppressive homeland only to encounter another kind upon arrival in Australia.
<EOS>
12 year old Fraternal twin sisters Sam and Emma Stanton are opposites growing up.
Sam is a star Soccer player and a Tomboy  however she wants to attract boys.
Emma is a Girly girl.
Who enjoys Fashion and Make up.
She wants to be better.
Their dad Jerry one is pressured by his wife Denise to pick Emma for the Hurricanes Co-ed team.
Willard Holmes picks Sam.
As Jerry is about to pick Sam after Round 2 of Soccer Tryouts is over the Buzzards coach.
But Sam is not thrilled to join a team.
Has nt won.
Emma finds it difficult to please her dad.
The girls come up.
Sam learns about letting others share the spotlight.
Emma and Jerry finally become closer.
Their mom catches them.
The girls have to go back.
Sam and Emma both decided to quit Soccer.
When everyone else is mad.
Jerry refuses to let them give up the sport.
Denise becomes the Buzzards new coach to prove her husband wrong and actually gets the team.
Emma realizes her skill as a goalie and becomes a better athlete.
The Hurricanes regular goalie Richie gets injured while blocking a kick and is replaced by Emma.
Seconds left.
Sam kicks the ball.
It is blocked  tying the game.
The Buzzards and the Hurricanes become.
Sam gets a date.
Richie goes.
Jerry learns to treat his daughters equally.
That winning is nt everything.
<EOS>
Aditya suffers.
Is the result.
His memories each day are wiped out at the end of that day.
He recollects the previous day.
Was recorded.
Madhu convinces Aditya is his money.
She is his girlfriend  but what she really wants.
Madhu kills.
Aditya s uncle and aditya is framed.
To solve the case  special police officer Anjali is appointed.
It is revealed.
Anjali was Aditya s lover.
Anjali solves the case and Aditya marries Anjali.
The film ends.
Telling him.
Who he is and that she is his wife.
<EOS>
The action is taking place.
Claire is a teacher and lives alone.
Her lover  Milosh  is married.
Their relationship is strained.
Claire s sister  Annie  a lawyer  has a problem.
The visa is about to expire.
She asks Claire to marry him.
He can remain.
Claire relunctantly agrees.
Immigration agents arrive.
The modest civil ceremony can be concluded.
Everyone escapes.
Claire s mother is thrilled to arrange a big church wedding and reception instead.
Afterwards  Claire and Pablo go their separate ways.
But soon  immigration agents are back knowing.
What s going on.
The two are forced to live together.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Tilak is a small time publisher.
Who Mandook and Ramesh kidnaps a famous author and forces him to give the manuscript of his latest book to them so that they will be the first ones to publish it.
Abhay is a NRI.
Who returns to start his own small business and meets Shalmili.
Sawan is a young cricketer hoping to break.
The story focuses.
They battle life during the chaotic period of the festival of Ganesh Chaturthi.
The film tries to deal.
The opening starts with the song.
Karma is a bitch which fits where the characters of the film keep trying to come to terms with their own actions.
Abhay has a dark past.
Is not revealed.
It can be speculated.
He came to stay away from it.
Tilak initially holds himself responsible.
Happens. 
The goons eventually end up being shot on the day of Ganesha Visarjan indicating to an extent the influence of God in the movie.
Who traumatize Abhay.
Tilak gets a new life and finds his treasure.
Sawan decides to keep the money - a choice.
Who is financially pressed.
He finds and gives up on the cricket selections.
He could have well chosen not to take.
Towards the end all characters move on different paths.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
The trio eats  sleeps and parties together.
They also have their individual ambitions.
Karunakaran is.
He is madly pursuing a government job.
His uncle agrees if and when he obtains one.
Pandi is desperate to go abroad and get rich.
Chandran is committed to start a computer center.
All goes well.
Saravanan enters  a childhood friend.
Son  he is in love with Prabha  daughter of a bigwig in Namakkal.
Shocked  the trio promises to help him out and unite the two lovers.
They set out.
Where they enlist the help.
The trio manages to help the couple get married.
She is visiting a temple.
Karunakaran gets injured.
Chandran loses his leg due by falling under a passing truck.
The bride s father.
Who aided his ward escape.
It ends.
The members of the family have a fight resulting in karunakaran s fiance being coaxed by her father to give up on karunakaran.
The three friends end up being put and getting entangled in a kidnapping case.
However they are released.
Time goes.
They realise.
The star crossed lovers they had managed to unite.
Emotional loss have gone their separate ways having grown bored.
They realise.
The battle they fought did not serve any purpose.
Forms the movie climax.
What the trio then does to teach the couple a lesson.
<EOS>
The film shows the bravery and the suffering on both sides.
The film also contains  interviews of trenches.
<EOS>
Reggie OBrien is a cab driver.
His world seems to fall apart.
When a film crew spends a day  documenting a day in the life of a cab driver.
Reggie pulls no stops to keep country music.
When he gets word that Pat James  the owner  is going to flip to an all women  all talk format.
And  he learns the true meaning.
When he thinks he has a stake.
To keep his cab.
His dream alive  Reggie has to overcome adversity  friendship  and himself.
<EOS>
The plot revolves.
Who is a fashion designer and their 7-year-old daughter.
He plans a family vacation at an island called Bungalow.
Later  they are joined.
The film presents the most bizarre family ever known.
The story unfolds.
<EOS>
Danny  a thin  socially awkward adolescent  falls in love with his best friend Freya in rural New South Wales  Australia.
Unfortunately  she is attracted.
Who helps Danny bullies.
Trevor steals a car for a joyride and is arrested and sent to juvenile detention  it is.
He s away that Freya reveals that she s pregnant.
Danny offers to marry her and claim.
The child is his.
Freya refuses  saying.
She does nt want to marry anyone.
Meanwhile  intrigued.
Who recently died - engraved SEA - Danny begins to investigate the town s past  and discovers a lone cross.
Who died days.
Danny learns.
Sara was something  and that she was Freya s biological mother  who died trying to give birth by herself at the abandoned house.
Meanwhile  Trevor breaks out  steals another car  and severely wounds a store clerk during an armed robbery.
Trevor returns.
She s pregnant.
The police arrive  but Danny warns him.
Trevor is able to escape  but the police run his car.
Trevor dies the next day.
Freya disappears  and later suffers a miscarriage and hypothermia.
Danny finds her and takes her.
Hesitantly  Danny reveals the identity to her.
Realising the stigma now hanging over her  Freya decides to leave.
Danny gives her his life s savings to support herself and sees her off - promising their friendship to one another.
To keep.
Later Danny travels into a rock.
His adult self informs the audience that he never saw Freya again.
The film is a series.
Who recollects how he and Freya grew apart year.
Danny s history continues.
<EOS>
A woman named.
Dorothy Yates lives.
Dorothy has just been released.
It was found she was a cannibal who killed and partially ate at least six people.
Her husband  Edmund Yates was convicted as well.
We come to find out.
He only faked his dementia in order to remain.
He was a truly devoted husband.
Who loved his wife dearly but really had nothing to do.
Now it is.
It seems as if Dorothy has had a severe relapse.
She secretly lures lonely young people.
Jackie  began to suspect her stepmum  Dorothy  rather early and juggles her family ties while at the same time  trying to control her stepsister  Debbie.
Debbie rides and has apparently inherited her mum s appetite for human flesh herself.
Debbie became involved after closing time near one of London s hip nightclubs.
The bike gang leave.
When spotted.
Debbie hid the body.
The police arrived.
Debbie has severe arguments.
Where Jackie goes.
She learns.
Jackie has been visiting her parents.
Debbie finds out.
Where they live.
She and boyfriend flee to be reunited with mum and dad.
They are a family again and plan to plot.
Who kept Debbie.
<EOS>
Gogo is a young boy.
He is friendly.
Gogo is taken by his uncle.
His mother dies.
Who gives him an English name  transforming Gogo into Peter Ibbetson.
So ended the first chapter.
Now an adult Englishman  Ibbetson is an architect working on a restoration job for the British Duke of Towers.
He falls.
She is already married.
He callously demands they explain themselves.
When the duke discovers this.
Peter then realizes.
Mary is his childhood sweetheart.
All these years  Mary.
Has kept.
She wore.
The Duke becomes jealous and pulls a gun.
Ibbetson manages to kill the Duke.
So Death ended the second chapter.
And then  is unjustly convicted of murder  sentenced to life in prison  and despairs.
He will never see Mary again.
However  the lovers are reunited.
Another s dreams  which connect them spiritually.
Peter can leave prison to join Mary.
And so  many years went.
Peter and Mary remain youthful.
The years pass.
Mary eventually dies.
She goes and speaks to Peter from beyond.
Then Peter joins her there.
<EOS>
The Wetherly family - husband Tom  wife Carol  and children Brad  Mary Liz  and Scottie - live within a 90-minute drive of San Francisco.
Where Tom works.
Carol listens to an answering-machine message from Tom saying.
He s.
Scottie watches Sesame Street  suddenly  a San Francisco news anchor appears onscreen  saying they have lost their New York signal.
A sibling adjusts the TV antenna.
There were explosions.
The anchorman is cut off  then an announcer states.
The White House is interrupting the program  asking people to stay off their phones.
The phone rings but goes dead.
As Carol answers it.
Suddenly  the blinding flash is then seen through the window.
The family huddles  minutes later  several of their neighbors are running around  dazed in fear and confusion.
The town s air-raid sirens go off.
The family hopes.
Tom will return.
The circumstances are hard to ignore.
The suburb survives relatively unscathed.
Apparently the town is far enough to avoid blast damage.
Frightened residents meet.
He has made contact  and tells Carol  a radio report told of an errant bomb hitting Yosemite National Park  causing trees and rocks to fall from the sky like rain.
He was unable to reach anyone east.
He reveals that the entire Bay Area and most major U.
S.
Cities are.
The morning  they are joined by a child named Larry   but later succumbs to radiation poisoning.
Who is soon part.
No one knows the reason for the attack nor the responsible parties.
Rumors range from a Soviet preemptive strike to terrorism.
The school play was in rehearsal before the bombings  desperate to recapture some normality  the town decides to go on with the show anyway.
The parents smile and clap.
Their smiles are forced.
Hamlin escaped bomb damage  but not the significant radiation.
The day  contaminated dirt settling back onto the ground from the blast.
Residents have to cope.
Scottie  the first  is buried in the back yard.
Carol screams.
She will not bury Scottie.
Wooden caskets are used.
Fuel accumulate faster than they can be buried.
Carol sews together a burial shroud out for her daughter  Mary Liz.
Who also dies.
Older residents fall.
Many die.
A young couple leave town.
Carol s search causes her to listen once more to her husband s final message on the answering machine.
She finds a later message on the machine from Tom  he decided to stay at work late in San Francisco on the day of the attack.
She now gives up her last hope.
He will someday return home.
Brad  forced  helps his mother and takes over the radio for Henry Abhart.
Who eventually dies.
A bully  Brad tries to fight him off.
Who tormented Brad is caught breaking.
Carol scares him away.
He manages to steal Brad s bicycle.
Brad starts using his father s bike  symbolically becoming the man.
The family adopts a mentally handicapped -RSB- boy named Hiroshi.
Whom Tom used to take fishing along  when his father Mike dies.
One night  Carol is.
When she sees a pile.
Stopping and staring  she then breaks down and cries.
Carol  Brad and Hiroshi attempt suicide by sitting in the family s station wagon with the garage door closed.
Carol can not bring herself to do it.
The three end up sitting to celebrate a birthday  using a graham cracker in place of a cake.
Carol answers  That  the good and the awful.
When asked what they should wish.
We remember it all.
She blows out the candle.
An old family film of a surprise birthday party for Tom plays  showing him as he blows out the candles on his cake.
<EOS>
The story follows.
Fifteen-Year-Old Jessica Rae Jacobs and her friend Naomi  who grow up resigned to be victims.
Jessica secretly listens  and becomes confused over lyrics  and tells Jessica.
Describe love Her mother  Sister Jacobs  is one.
She is happy as she is very close.
Jessica is getting ready to welcome home the son of the brethren leader of the community  the nineteen-year-old Isaac King.
Who has been fighting.
Jessica is upset.
Her father will not buy her any girls shoes and instead wears boys  shoes.
Jessica welcomes Isaac  but is reprimanded.
What Korea is like  as she has never left Short Creek.
Isaac and Jessica show an attraction.
Meanwhile  President King calls a meeting.
Where he claims God has told him he must take another wife.
Jay Jacobs is disturbed to find.
President King is referring  but puts aside his worries.
It is ` God s will.
Isaac shows up late and stares at Jessica through the service.
President King tells Jessica.
The community file out.
She ought to start thinking.
Jessica shows slight shock and soon catches Naomi kissing a teenage boy.
She shares.
Her worry that she will be married off.
Naomi claims.
She is going to escape to become an actress.
Isaac shows great discomfort and anger.
When teenagers ask him if Jessica and Naomi are his wives and call him a plig.
It soon becomes apparent.
Isaac has feelings as after she gives him one of her clay animals  he claims that he ll keep it next to his heart.
Jessica s mother uneasily orders her daughter  it do nt look right.
To talk so much as.
Jessica stops talking so much.
He does tell her.
Isaac states.
When Jessica refuses to talk.
So they re afraid we might like each other.
They re going to marry you off soon  Jessie.
Jessica and Naomi discover.
Bathing their feet.
Isaac s younger sisters have drowned.
Isaac loses his temper with Jessica and claims.
Short Creek is nt connected.
Jessica retorts.
She wants to be good and live.
Naomi then attempts to leave Short Creek.
She naively accepts a ride off two men and tries beer for the first time.
The two men attempt to rape her  but are stopped.
Who was following Naomi  having been aware.
Naomi  crying is driven back.
President King then tells Jessica.
Which Jessica bursts.
She agrees.
She knows she has no choice.
Isaac then turns up late one night.
She comes.
He grabs hold.
When she tries to run away.
Scares her.
Then he tells her.
He wants to run away.
Jessica runs away stating.
I m Jessica Rae Jacobs.
I m proud.
He s furious.
His mother will be neglected once again.
He angrily confronts his father and tells him.
He does nt want the Kingdom or any of it.
His father disowns him.
One morning  Jessica discovers.
Tearfully trying.
Naomi has been secretly married off to tie her down.
She runs to Isaac and confesses her love for him.
The two kiss and make plans to leave the next afternoon.
Jessica secretly packs her belongings and the two escape.
Jessica realizes.
Much she stands out.
Isaac promises her.
He ll buy her some girls  shoes.
They ll stay.
Where magic fingers will put her to sleep.
He also claims.
He will sleep until they re married.
They notice many police cars going and realize.
As their bus arrives.
It must be a raid.
Jessie refuses to board the bus and drives back to warn everyone  leaving a tearful Isaac behind.
The community peacefully co-operate  leaving the authorities to feel guilty.
They split the many families up.
Jessica sadly boards a school bus  ready to be taken off to an army barracks to be.
Two years later  we see the women.
Jessica  now wearing clothes more suited is wearing Isaac s dogtags around her neck.
She sees Isaac standing.
She looks around.
Her mother tells Jessica.
You still have a chance and Jessica hugs her mother goodbye  promising to write.
Jessica shyly approaches Isaac.
Who hands her her box which he has kept for two years.
They happily embrace and drive away together.
<EOS>
Charlotte  a popular girl  goes to a wild party.
Her boyfriend Wesley is not.
She leaves the party.
When she realizes she s become too drunk.
But Jim  soon joins her.
Who she danced.
She gets forced.
Feeling shame and self-blame  it s hard to find the courage to speak her mind.
Many do nt believe her.
When she does.
Jim honestly does nt think.
What happened that night was rape.
But  the ensuing experience challenges the trust and friendship.
Members begin to unpiece the grey areas.
Who thought they would be friends forever.
<EOS>
The sons of the rural poor are dying in a bitter civil war.
However  Wannihami  the blind old man  knows.
Rain will come soon.
The body of Bandara  Wannihami s soldier son  is brought home in a sealed coffin.
The rains fall is buried.
But Wannihami refuses to sign the papers.
Entitles the family.
Wannihami still retains clarity of vision.
Transcends his blindness.
He decides to dig up his son s sealed coffin.
Though he knows it will invalidate the compensation claim.
His greater purpose is to believe.
The war can not kill his son.
<EOS>
The hero Akash believes.
He has a lot  He is very serious for his studies.
He wants to bring a bright future.
Akash meets his love megha.
But all his dreams come.
He enters college.
Akash falls.
And the story moves around.
How akash comes out and punish the don and how he gets his love.
<EOS>
Biologists Dr Mary Robinson and Dr Bullfinch are summoned to his remote laboratory in the Peruvian jungle.
They are accompanied.
Who wants to make sure his hired mules are well cared.
Thorkel asks the scientists to describe a specimen.
When they arrive.
His eyesight is too poor to do so himself.
Bill identifies iron crystal contamination  much.
Then   Thorkel thanks them for their services and wants them to leave.
Insulted  they set up camp  insisting.
They have traveled thousands.
He tell them more.
Steve discovers.
Snooping around.
The area is rich  an ore of uranium and radium.
Outnumbered  reveals a horse  using radiation piped down a deep shaft.
When he finds them looking around his laboratory  Thorkel becomes angry  but as he is.
He is shrinking living creatures.
He invites them.
His assistant Pedro to examine his apparatus  then locks them.
Bill has provided.
Has killed his prior specimens.
They find.
When his victims awaken.
They have shrunk.
They flee.
Bullfinch is eventually coaxed.
The latter is not interested.
He realizes.
When he discovers that Bullfinch is growing.
The effect is only temporary.
He murders Bullfinch and sets out to hunt the others down so.
They can not go.
The four survivors hack their way and do battle with the wildlife.
They attempt to launch Pedro s small boat  but are interrupted.
Pedro leads Thorkel away and is shot dead.
When Thorkel locates them using Pedro s own dog.
The fugitives hide and are brought back undetected to his lab.
Bill  Steve and Mary prepare to kill him.
Thorkel goes outside to adjust a machine.
When he lies down.
However  he instead falls asleep.
They hide his spare glasses  then Steve steals.
The pair Thorkel put  managing to smash one lens before Thorkel awakes.
Thorkel chases the shrunken trio and precariously hangs by a rope.
When the plank he was laying.
Steve cuts the rope  causing Thorkel to plunge.
Months later  Bill  Steve and Mary return.
Bill and Mary are.
<EOS>
The son and the daughter bury their mother and set off to find their father  a recluse on one of the Princes  Islands.
When the matriarch dies in a home for the elderly.
It turns.
The three members come together.
<EOS>
Buenos Aires .
Christmas  Eve.
Rey and Isabel  two old college friends  bump at a restaurant.
It has been fifteen years.
They last saw each other.
Isabel has just returned  Rey had just wanted to be alone  wrestling with his own personal demons.
This by-chance encounter takes Rey back to his college days.
When he was secretly with her.
A dos aguas is a look.
Perhaps more importantly  it depicts the pain.
<EOS>
A man moves his family.
At first seems fantastic.
Set  this made-for-TV drama wallows in a multitude of extramarital affairs  corporate intrigue and elegant back-stabbing  with murder the logical extension to all the.
Characters crucial are a cop posing as an auto mechanic  and a sexy nanny.
Who intends to break up her best friend s marriage.
The ending is abrupt and unsatisfying  a sure sign.
The film was actually the pilot.
Written and produced  The Colony was originally consigned to a dog day timeslot on July 4  1996  by its parent network ABC.
- Hal Erickson  Rovi.
<EOS>
A pregnant Amber Lange learns.
When going.
Who works there that a boy she once knew named Thayer died recently.
She remembers their story.
When going back.
Back  Amber was a popular cheerleader living a normal life.
It seems.
They are dissecting a fetal pig.
Thayer Mangeres  a classmate  asks people.
When it s time to clean up.
Who always sits because of their last names are close alphabetically.
Much they will bet him if he drinks the juice.
Amber is completely disgusted.
Everyone is putting their money.
Thayer then tells everybody to keep their money  implying.
He wo nt drink it.
He says.
He will.
He drinks.
The whole cup and everyone is surprised  but nauseous  especially Amber  later telling Thayer that she thinks nothing.
He harasses.
Her every time he gets the chance.
The next year they are put together.
Thayer does nt come.
He was skipping school that day to get high.
It s hard for Amber and Thayer to get along.
The coach pulls her aside telling her she will have to switch.
Who is not very good.
Amber is upset  thinking.
Her life is starting to unravel with Thayer.
That night  he eats fishes from a bowl.
Everyone is watching  but warning Amber.
Who did not know.
Very angry  Amber pushes him and continually does asking him.
He is such a freak.
Thayer continues to harass Amber.
A new girl who is stereotyped named Tabitha just moved from California  walks in the class and is assigned to a seat by them.
Eventually Tabitha and Thayer form a friendship.
Knowing  she does the same.
He does not like Amber and bullies her.
Thayer is trying to make Amber jealous by licking Tabitha s neck  unbeknownst to Tabitha  and thinks.
He is doing this to make Amber envy.
He actually likes her.
He stops doing public displays with Tabitha  clearly wanting Amber s attention all along.
When Amber walks away peeved.
Thayer walks home.
Where is.
He walks in.
His father shouts angrily.
He got a call about his actions  and does not want another call from them.
Thayer is frightened.
His father calls.
Who physically abuses him  to hold him down while his dad whips him.
Amber walks in to her home.
Is completely opposite  with no one there.
She opens the fridge to get her dinner - they have a difficult home life.
It seems that her parents are never there  showing that Amber and Thayer have something.
They show.
Thayer starts to show his emotions in his poems.
Amber realizes this.
She feels exactly the same way.
Amber offers Thayer an ` extra  packed orange.
They progress.
Thayer begins the start by asking Amber questions through writing notes to each other in his notebook.
They joke and listen together.
Their friendship grows.
Thayer begins falling with Amber.
The more they talk.
Thayer sends Amber signals in his poems.
She knows.
Amber hears these poems.
They are.
She s not sure.
She feels the same  although she is having strange dreams of kissing him.
Thayer and Amber s lives and homes are different.
Though they are both experiencing trouble.
Thayer is struggling at home.
His dad beats him.
Drunken brother does the same  but his sister Jeannie is very compassionate.
He is the same.
Amber is mostly alone.
When her parents are gone doing unexplained things.
One night  Amber has sex with a school friend.
Thayer watches her secretly.
Feeling betrayed  Thayer writes another paper.
This time  it s before.
He starts becoming rude again and is harassing her verbally again.
He sends with him.
When the teacher realizes that he s insulting one.
Tabitha talks to Amber about last night saying everyone knows.
It s going around.
She tells Amber.
Amber is jealous and Thayer s relationship.
Amber  pissed off  takes out hers and Thayer s notebook and throws it.
Tabitha dramatically leaves the classroom.
Everyone rushes to see the notebook talking.
They feel sorry  thinking he was a creep for sending her poems hinting he has feelings for her  as Amber just sits there.
Her life turns back.
She does nt associate anymore.
Thayer harasses Amber yelling to her.
She gave away their notebook.
Thayer tells Amber they re drugs  which she does nt believe.
The whole class has to leave the room.
Amber watches.
Thayer goes unconscious.
Thayer never returned to school.
Amber s world returned.
Years later   Amber meets Thayer again and is surprised to learn.
Shopping. 
He had joined the Mormon faith.
The scene switches back  Amber is at home calling up old schoolmates trying to find out.
How Thayer died.
No one is really sure  but Amber finds out.
Thayer died.
No one seems to know.
Where his sister is.
Scene changes  Amber meets Thayer again at the beach.
She questions him.
He informs her  you do nt look very Mormon.
He left early.
Thayer evades her questions.
Eventually  Amber informs him  Thayer remains silent and then starts talking about.
She is getting married.
Easy it would be.
Amber debates telling him.
She would know that he was nt dead.
The scene briefly switches back.
When Thayer follows Amber.
He argues.
She denies it and pretends.
She does nt know what he s talking about.
Amber eventually finds Thayer s sister and visits her  she then visits the school and finishes writing.
She pulled out.
She admits defeat stating.
She ll never know whether he was alive or dead.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Bearing similarities by Ayn Rand and Brave New World by Aldous Huxley  the setting for the story is an ant colony in a park across a river from New York City  over the span of four days.
The protagonist is.
Z living in a wholly totalitarian society.
Who longs.
His friends include fellow worker Azteca and a soldier ant  Weaver.
Z meets Princess Bala.
Where she goes to escape and falls in love with her.
Z exchanges places and joins the army.
Order to see Bala again.
He marches  befriending a staff sergeant named Barbatus in the process.
He does nt realise.
The army s leader and Bala s fiance  General Mandible  is secretly sending all the soldiers loyal.
Z realises.
He s actually marching.
All are killed by the acid-shooting termites.
All Z can find of Barbatus.
Is his head.
Barbatus tells Z to think rather than follow orders all his life  leaving Z saddened and depressed.
He dies.
Z returns home and is hailed.
Though he did nt do anything and was traumatised.
He was also congratulated personally  and is brought before the Queen.
There he meets Princess Bala.
Who eventually recognises him.
He panics and takes Princess Bala hostage.
When Z finds that he has been cornered.
They escape the colony and hide.
Z decides to search.
Bala reluctantly decides to go.
She narrowly escapes.
Word quickly spreads through the colony  whereupon Z s act of individuality sparks a revolution in the workers and possibly a few soldier ants as well.
Productivity grinds to a halt.
Seeing an opportunity to gain control  General Mandible begins to publicly portray Z.
Who cares only.
Mandible then promotes the glory and promises them a better life.
He claims to be the reward.
Mandible learns Z is looking after interrogating Weaver.
Knowing full well  Mandible sends his aide  Colonel Cutter  to its location to retrieve the Princess and possibly kill Z.
Cutter  however  slowly begins to have second thoughts and develops sympathy for the worker ants.
Z and Bala   finally found Insectopia.
Consists. 
Here  Bala begins to reciprocate Z s feelings.
However   Cutter arrives and flies Bala back to the colony against her will.
Z finds them gone and makes his way to rescue Bala  aided.
Whom he met earlier and has made himself drunk grieving over the loss.
Z arrives.
Where he finds that Bala has been held captive.
He learns.
General Mandible s Mega Tunnel leads.
Bala goes to warn the workers and her mother.
Z goes to stop the workers from digging any further.
He fails  however.
The water leaks in.
Z and Bala unify the workers and build a towering ladder of ants towards the surface.
The water continues to rise.
Meanwhile  General Mandible and his soldiers are gathered.
Where he explains his vision of a new colony with none of the weak elements of the colony.
He is interrupted  however.
When the workers successfully claw their way and break through.
Mandible angrily tries to kill Z but is stopped.
Who finally rebels and instead tries to help Z and the worker ants out of the hole for the good of the colony.
Mandible then goes insane  yelling.
He is the colony.
Charges. 
Who is.
Mandible inadvertently takes Z back down into the flooded colony  and gets killed.
When he lands while Z falls into the water.
Cutter  taking charge  orders rescues Z.
The other soldier ants to help the workers and the queen.
Bala successfully resuscitates him.
It seems that Z has drowned.
Z is lauded.
Together they rebuild the colony as their General  transforming the colony from a conformist military state into a community.
Values each and every one.
<EOS>
Umbrella is divided.
The first takes place  in Guangdong province at an industrial warehouse.
Where poorly paid workers spend hours putting together umbrellas.
A successful farmer has become an entrepreneur  running an umbrella manufacturing business.
The film then shifts.
It follows students and recent graduates who struggle to find employment.
The students know.
Failure to find a job will mean a return.
The fourth part follows a People s Liberation Army garrison and new recruits.
The recruits all come  looking for another life.
The last part takes place in Luoyang  Henan province.
It documents an elderly peasant.
Consists mostly  as subsequent generations seek their fortunes elsewhere.
<EOS>
When the beautiful valley is bloodied by the gruesome killings of his devoted wife and treasured daughter at the hands terrorists.
Kuldeep Singh s life is thrown.
To maintain his sanity and avoid falling  he returns to his duty  fighting the terrorists with renewed vigor and the need to avenge his family.
He becomes a broken man.
When he fails to save the life of an innocent girl who becomes a victim of the terrorism.
However  a soldier s war is never over.
He goes out to repatriate innocent civilians.
When duty calls again.
It is  he decides.
Protecting her has becomes his goal in life.
He faces dishonour and social exclusion  but unwaveringly fights back  the rights of a woman dispelled by society and the future of a little girl.
Who has nothing to do in this world.
Sukhmani shows us.
Both good and evil lie when faced with exceptional circumstances  each human acts differently.
It shows us.
Sometimes we have to make choices that are not always accepted.
Sukhmani shows us.
There is hope.
<EOS>
Porn star Colton Ford decides to leave the industry and pursue his true calling -- a singing career.
He feels.
He has the voice.
His overexposed past could be the hook or the hook.
Gets him noticed.
Yanks him.
Naked Fame follows Colton and his former life-partner  porn star Blake Harper.
They try to ease their way back.
The film examines the inner-workings and documents the emotional struggles involved in the pursuit of one s dreams.
It contains footage and interviews.
<EOS>
Two guys -- Luigi  a hip wanna-be beatnik and Jerry  -- end up in Army basic training in New Jersey.
Who s.
Does Mike  who s a rancher.
Luigi falls for Marie  a neighbor of Jerry.
Who develops a romantic interest in Luigi s friend Louise.
A WAC named.
Katie ends up accompanying Mike.
The three G.
I.
S can sing and end up invited to perform.
Jerry becomes ill and is hospitalized.
Assistant Secretary Elizabeth Chapman  meanwhile  wants to keep a 6-year-old Dutch girl from being sent back to Holland.
The girl s mother dies.
Elizabeth decides to marry the girl s gravely injured father.
She can assume custody.
An unconscious Jerry is wheeled in and ends up wed to Elizabeth.
Who had no idea what the girl s dad looked.
Chaos ensues  is repeatedly arrested or brought to see psychiatrists.
When he claims to have been accidentally married.
S.
Army.
<EOS>
Bapputty is a convict.
Who is released after serving his sentence.
The film tells the story.
<EOS>
A blind Italian captain  accompanied.
Who has been assigned by the army.
Who was also disfigured.
Unknown  the Captain means to fulfill a suicide pact there.
The Captain asks Ciccio to help him spot beautiful women.
They journey.
Unsatisfied  he uses his nose instead  claiming.
He can smell a beautiful woman.
He carries with him a picture of his beloved Sara.
Whom he could not bear to have see him disfigured and helpless.
The suicide pact is eventually thwarted.
Sara enters the picture.
The boy Ciccio does some much-needed growing up.
<EOS>
Alexandre Dumas  Sr.
Tells his son Alexander Dumas  Jr.
The story.
We learn.
Balsamo was a French gypsy boy who endured much hardship.
He was tortured.
His parents were ordered to hang.
Some years later  he learns the secrets.
Ignoring the doctor s advice  he exploits his new talent  gaining wealth  fame and prestige.
He use his powers.
He becomes famous all over Europe.
Things begin to go downhill called Lorenza Marie Antoinette along with gypsies Gilbert and Zoraida.
When he enters a plot to substitute a young girl.
<EOS>
A narcotics agent convinces a convict.
He helped send to Alcatraz go undercover to help expose a heroin drug smuggling ring.
The unlikely pair travels.
Is run.
They end up getting help breaking the case.
Who falls during the sting.
<EOS>
Bobby and Kate are a young couple.
Who have been together ten months.
Kate is 11 weeks pregnant.
They ca nt make up their minds  so they decide to flip a coin.
Where to go  or whether to have the baby.
They both run off Brooklyn Bridge.
Bobby flips the coin.
Separate storylines are followed.
One storyline takes place.
Where Bobby and Kate decide to go visit Kate s family.
They pick up a stray dog.
Whose owner they try to locate.
Kate s family has its share  with an uncle  a brother  and a sister off before going to college  much to her mother s dismay.
Who is institutionalized and suffers.
Who died five years earlier.
Who is taking a year.
The other storyline takes place.
Where Bobby and Kate find a cellphone belonging.
They try to set up an exchange.
Bobby throws the cellphone onto a passing boat.
Both storylines end the next day  with the lines.
What do you want to do now.
I guess.
We just keep going.
The storylines are also set apart.
They both wear easily recognizable yellow  a dress for her and a t-shirt for him.
They are dressed in more subtle shades of green.
Kate wears the yellow dress from the Manhattan story.
Bobby wears the outfit he ll wear.
The title seems to be based.
Can be illustrated.
<EOS>
Adventures is the popular story of Tarzan  made in Hindi language.
The film was much talked about  mainly due to the hot scenes between lead pairs and super hit songs.
Ruby Shetty and her her widowed dad  lives a wealthy lifestyle.
Ruby s father often travels in search of a fabled tribe in the Shakabhoomi region.
The people have never returned.
Who have tried to trace the tribe.
This time Ruby also decides to accompany her dad.
She is introduced.
K.
He would like her to get married.
K.
Later days  Ruby called.
Does a number and is rescued by an ape-like man.
Tarzan and both falls.
Tarzan does not have experience and can not speak any language as well.
He is intrigued.
K.
Ruby s dad and D.
K plans to capture Tarzan and take him to work.
Tarzan is captured.
Ruby s romance could take wing.
Tarzan is chained and taken and made to spend the rest of his days performing various acts  thus leaving D.
K.
To marry Ruby.
Would Tarzan escape.
K.
.
<EOS>
Walking tells the story of the East St.
John Wildcats  a small-town high school football team.
Looks to brave the adversity delivered by Hurricane Katrina.
Located just west  the tiny town of LaPlace escaped the cruel flooding of its neighbor only to suffer a different kind of flood  the overnight influx of 20000 displaced hurricane victims.
Its under-funded high school  East St.
John  took joined the football team.
The Wildcats and their 20 new teammates  some from rival schools  take the field against rival Hahnville despite being short on equipment and practice time and wearing both home and away jerseys.
This group  blown together by the winds of Katrina  decide to make the best of their situation overcome the tragedy of losing their homes and schools.
They unite to overcome the tragedy  and quickly begin winning games.
They all have.
The films explores the recovery through the eyes of a group of 16 year-old boys forced to quickly become men.
They unite a devastated school and lift the spirit of a broken community.
More and more than Katrina  Walking on Dead Fish is a testament to the will of young men.
Who put we.
<EOS>
A group of young tourists arrive in Burkittsville  Maryland after seeing The Blair Witch Project and are inspired to film their own documentary in the exact woods.
Where the movie was filmed.
The group includes Stephen and his pregnant girlfriend  Tristen   Erica  a wiccan  Kim  a goth psychic  and Jeff  their local tour guide.
Who are researching the Blair Witch.
Their first stop   is the ruins.
Where they camp.
Jeff places cameras to catch any sightings.
May occur.
That evening another tour group approaches their camp and claims to have jurisdiction.
Jeff and his tourists lie and convince the other group.
They saw something horrifying earlier.
The other group leaves to investigate.
Jeff and the others wake the next morning.
Tristen and Stephen s research documents are shredded and strewn.
Jeff s cameras are destroyed.
Their tapes are found unharmed the Blair Witch Project footage was discovered.
Tristen notices and has miscarried.
They debate why the tapes were spared.
She is bleeding.
Later   Tristen sees a ghostly young girl walking away backwards.
Jeff takes the group.
She is discharged.
It has an elaborate security system.
Plays the sound.
They review their tapes and find.
Hours are missing.
They see a naked woman swinging around a tree backwards.
Jeff enlarges the video  revealing her to be Erica.
Erica remembers no such event and runs to pray.
Kim drives to buy beer and has several unpleasant encounters with the locals  ending in a heated argument with the cashier and Kim being ordered to leave the store.
Back  she reaches into her shopping bag and pricks herself on a nail file.
The cashier was using.
She does nt recall grabbing it.
It has blood.
Erica goes missing the next morning.
She is nt indoors.
Nobody heard the front door.
Kim discovers Erica s clothes surrounded.
The sheriff calls to say.
The other tour group was found gutted and laid out  and that he believes Jeff is responsible.
That night Stephen sees Erica.
He runs outside  he knows.
Where she tells him.
What he must do.
She runs off.
The bridge collapses.
He avoids falling.
Tristen did.
Climbing he sees the same girl.
She repeats Erica s statement.
The sheriff calls again and tells Jeff.
He s outside and has some questions.
Jeff does nt understand.
The bridge is out.
A security monitor shows.
It is now intact.
He opens the front door  but the bridge is once again broken.
The sheriff is nt there.
Instead  there is a pack of barking dogs.
He grabs a rifle.
The dogs are gone.
He finds Erica s corpse inside.
When he returns the gun.
The group sits.
Tristen suggests.
Everything is backwards.
They are confused.
Kim tells Jeff to play the tapes to view the lost footage.
This works.
The new footage shows Tristen leading them.
Jeff begins taping Tristen and demands a confession.
The video ends.
She asks Stephen.
He turns and claims.
She deliberately killed their baby.
Tristen ties a rope.
Deriding the others drive them to a witch hunt.
She focuses especially.
Who pushes her  causing her to hang by her neck and die.
The group is arrested and interrogated separately.
They play security footage from the store of her stabbing the cashier in the neck with the nail file.
He arranges Erica s clothes and stows her body in the closet.
They show him lynching Tristen and cursing her as a witch.
All three claim.
They never did those things.
<EOS>
Ryan is a bit.
Induces cringing and best friend  Maggie  a cute intellectual girl.
But popular jock Chris has his eye.
He offers to help Ryan win Ashley.
Ryan will help Chris.
So begins a two-headed variation on Cyrano de Bergerac  Ryan composes soulful.
Chris advises Ryan to treat Ashley.
Seems to be the only way to get her attention.
Neither finds it easy to change their ways  Chris comes on too strong.
Ryan is too nervous to be a jerk.
But  Ryan begins to see Maggie and wonders.
They start to succeed.
He s pursuing the right girl.
He realizes.
Ashley is not meant  and tries to convince Maggie about Chris s affection for her.
Maggie is reluctant to take him back at first.
Then realizes Ryan has a change.
<EOS>
Quinn s character  a jaded ex-lawyer  has been befriending and exploiting death row convicts and selling their final letters.
<EOS>
Having cleaned up Tombstone  marshal Frame Johnson quits.
He hopes to settle down with his sweetheart Jeannie.
He may have to clean up Cottonwood  too  making a great sacrifice to restore law and order.
He can do so.
<EOS>
They show a search for David  Eve and Raymond s previous adoptive child.
They are running  yelling for David  then unknown to the viewer as to  and ending with Eve crying  screaming for David.
Who he was.
The film tells the story.
Who lose their parents and are adopted by Eve and Raymond Goode.
Who have recently lost a child.
But  they are forbidden to leave or make phone calls.
They move.
Abby notices a lot  there is a bed in the basement with the name ` David  carved into it and many places  like the previous child s room.
They ca nt go.
Ethan gets his own room.
Abby gets a bedroom far away  up.
Ethan soon becomes almost deathly ill.
Abby discovers.
Eve is poisoning him  and that Eve has done the same.
Abby makes an attempt to escape.
Eve catches her and locks her.
Their parents  friend Ben Koch comes over.
Raymond tells him.
Eve took them.
Ben becomes suspicious.
Abby manages to escape.
Abby had escaped.
Time the phone rings and Eve and Abby both race to answer it.
Eve gets it first.
The person hangs up.
It is revealed.
It was Ben  seeing if they really were gone.
She is stopped.
Abby tries to get away again.
Who Abby knocks out.
Ben then goes  but is ambushed by Eve.
Who injects a sedative.
Eve continues to pursue Abby and eventually catches her.
She holds her.
Abby retaliates  kicking her.
Eve falls.
It s shown.
She is presumably dead.
Abby races to find Ethan   and is unable to move.
Who was left by Eve.
Abby pulls Ethan from the bathtub just in time to save his life.
Eve returns  standing behind Abby with a cleaver.
She is just about to kill Abby.
When Ben enters.
A shot is fired.
Eve is killed.
It is then revealed.
Raymond fired the gun that killed his wife.
Raymond is arrested.
Ethan is taken.
The movie ends  they exchange a look.
The movie ends.
Abby and Ethan presumably end up.
<EOS>
The story is based  during a fundraising for the recent 1944 San Juan earthquake  and their growing relation.
The plot avoids the controversial political topics related  and focused instead in a romantic plot.
<EOS>
Lucie Manette is informed.
Her father is not dead  but has been a prisoner before finally being released.
She travels to take her father to her home in England.
Dr Manette has been taken care.
The old man s mind has given way.
Lucie s tender care begins to restore his sanity.
Lucie meets Charles Darnay  a French aristocrat  unlike his unfeeling uncle  the Marquis de St.
Who. 
Evremonde  is sympathetic.
Darnay is framed  but is saved by the cleverness of the dissolute Sydney Carton.
Carton goes drinking and tricks him into admitting.
He lied.
He is horrified to discover and grudgingly allows.
When Barsad is called to testify.
Carton is one.
He might have been mistaken.
Darnay is released.
Carton is thanked.
Who has attended the trial.
He quickly falls with her  but realizes.
It is hopeless.
Lucie eventually marries Darnay.
They have a daughter.
The Reign of Terror has engulfed France.
The long-suffering commoners vent their fury  condemning scores daily to Madame Guillotine.
Darnay is tricked and arrested.
Dr Manette pleads.
Madame Defarge  seeking revenge  regardless of guilt or innocence  convinces the tribunal to sentence him to death.
Carton comes up.
He first persuades Lucie and her friends to leave Paris.
Then he blackmails an old acquaintance  Barsad  now an influential man  to enable Carton to visit Darnay in jail.
There  Carton drugs the prisoner unconscious  switches places  and has Darnay carried out to be reunited with his family.
Madame Defarge  her thirst  goes to have Lucie and her daughter arrested  only to find.
They have fled.
She is confronted.
She goes to raise the alarm.
Madame Defarge is killed.
Meanwhile  only a condemned seamstress notices Carton s substitution  but keeps quiet.
She draws comfort.
They ride to the execution place.
It s a far  far better thing.
The camera rises just before the blade falls  Carton s voice is heard  saying.
I do than I have ever done.
It s a far  far greater rest.
I go.
<EOS>
Wealthy Corby Lane visits the small American hamlet.
Whose residents had paid when she was a child.
She decides to express her gratitude.
The headstrong woman clashes.
Who foresees the resulting chaos.
<EOS>
The evil woman Zuzu gets these two men to goto the jungle and take the animals.
This little amazon jungle girl Taina have to save the animals.
And the men shot the mother.
The jungle cat was only a little baby.
It got very sad.
Carlito  a young boy helps Taina saving animals.
Carlito has lost his puppy and hes looking.
Catiti found it.
<EOS>
Willis Newton was in prison.
Afterwards he worked and was in love with the owner s daughter.
Their marriage was confounded.
When her father was informed that Willis had been a convict.
Willis returns and tells his mother.
The farmer offered him to stay.
Still upset.
He craves to escape poverty and goes to town.
Willis meets.
The proprietor is an Indian chief.
Who got rich when oil was found.
Word is the chief.
Would not have even been allowed to enter the saloon before that.
Thus Willis learns.
Social climbing is possible too if only he happens to get to a lot of money somehow in the first place.
Now he will collect a great deal by robbing banks.
He can purchase an oil well.
Slim persuades Willis and Glasscock to carry out a bank robbery.
Slim is caught.
When all three try to escape on horseback while the sheriff chases them in a car.
Willis and Glasscock later find a bank director.
Who buys the looted war bonds and sells them information.
Henceforth Willis and Glasscock rob banks and get away by car.
Glasscock turns out being an expert.
Willis talks his brothers.
He tells them.
Bankers are the worst crooks and subsequently robbing their money would only mean that little thieves stole from big thieves.
He also says.
The insurance companies ought to be thankful every now and then.
They could nt sell any insurances if there was nt a bank robbery.
The Newton Gang is very prolific.
Some bankers prove to be the crooks.
Willis takes them.
Subsequently the insurance companies force banks to invest.
The new safes withstand nitroglycerin.
Consequently the Newton Gang goes and ambushes a cash transport in broad daylight.
Many things go awry.
The gang members can scarcely escape.
Willis decides to become legal.
The oil spring is a huge setback.
Willis purchased.
Costs him nearly all his money.
He goes as far as telling his wife.
God did nt want him to be legit.
He is easily lured into another criminal endeavour.
He gets very enthusiastic.
Unfortunately Glasscock is not as good.
He was.
He confuses Dock Newton  panics and shoots him.
Willis needs to bring his wounded brother.
All Newton Brothers are finally arrested and sentenced.
<EOS>
Joshua  Babette  and Bodo cross the Mexican border into the United States to visit Sara s brother David Farrelly and their mother Fanny in Washington  D.
C.
The Muller family has lived in Europe.
Where Kurt responded by engaging in anti-Fascist activities.
Sara tells her family.
They are seeking peaceful sanctuary.
Their quest is threatened.
Who has been conspiring in the nation s capital.
Teck searches the Mullers  room and discovers a gun and money intended to finance underground operations.
The Mullers learn.
Resistance worker Max Freidech has been arrested.
Kurt plans to return to assist Max and those arrested with him.
He once rescued Kurt.
Aware Kurt will be  Teck demands $ 10000 to keep silent.
The Nazis discover he is returning.
Kurt kills him.
Realizing the dangers  Fanny and David agree to help him escape.
Kurt faces.
Time passes.
Joshua announces.
When the Mullers fail to hear.
He plans to search as soon as he turns eighteen.
Sara resolves to be brave.
Distraught. 
When the time comes to leave.
<EOS>
The appearance leads a European nation to fire a rocket at it.
The explosion only diverts the missile.
The rocket intercepts the unidentified object.
Racing five miles  its passage causes widespread devastation of the land below.
Meanwhile   Dr David Loring and his assistant Joan Woods are preparing for their wedding later that day.
David is deeply committed.
Both are.
It has interfered at a wedding.
Leaving work to go ring shopping  David s irritation spent on it leads Joan to accuse him of prioritizing work over their relationship.
She calls off the marriage.
A radar station on the DEW Line picks up its approach to the North American continent.
The pilot captures a picture.
A patrol jet diverted to intercept the missile is destroyed.
Is then transmitted.
An alert mobilizes jets.
Are unable to shoot it down.
S.
Military orders a full mobilization.
The U.
S.
And Canadian authorities implement civil defense procedures  preparing the cities for the imminent passage of the missile.
David realizes.
Havenbrook is being evacuated.
He can use the Jove rocket to get  using the fission bomb trigger from the incomplete hydrogen warhead.
He works to prepare the plutonium  the government orders a full evacuation of New York City.
Further efforts to destroy the missile prove unsuccessful.
Ottawa is destroyed.
It flies overhead.
They are attacked.
David and Joan race the nuclear core.
Who steal their jeep.
David and Joan chase  only to find the jeep alongside the road and the men dead from radiation poisoning after having opened the lead-lined box with the plutonium core.
Knowing  David grabs the box and drives the core.
Exposure is fatal.
The rocket is then launched  intercepting the missile and destroying it.
<EOS>
King Creon wants to secure his throne.
He wants to marry the successful warrior Jason.
Order to do this.
Jason accepts.
He is already married.
Creon feels need to banish Medea and her two boys.
Medea is known.
She begs him to let him stay.
He gives her only one day.
Order to secure the needs.
Medea makes an agreement.
She and the two boys can come live with his protection.
She then plans to murder both Glauce and Creon and eventually her own children.
<EOS>
Solange and Carlos have known each other.
Their marriage is arranged.
Night  the inexperienced Solange resists her husband.
Who grows frustrated and impatient.
Carlos finally forces himself and commits rape.
Solange is traumatized.
Wants nothing to do with sex.
Solange tries to overcome her sexual dysfunction.
She picks up.
<EOS>
An outsider  Baston Morris  comes to a tiny town looking for work at the local mill.
He meets up.
Who abuses the men and has affairs.
Pink toys but keeps the upper hand with his pistol and chases Baston away.
Baston then meets Pink s wife  Maggie  and spins a tale and Pink s personal involvement with Baston s affairs at his hometown in the next county.
The subplot contains stories.
Who is a fundamentalist preacher that has followed his father s misogynistic ways.
Sheppard sides.
When it comes.
A hunt ensues.
Stories are revealed.
Screenplay was written and director.
<EOS>
Environmental toxins contaminate the area s water supply  and become linked to a number of deaths of neighboring children.
Jan Schlichtmann  a cocky and successful Boston attorney are called to take legal action against those responsible.
Who zips around town  and his small firm of personal injury lawyers.
Jan finds a major environmental issue involving groundwater contamination.
Has great legal potential and a couple.
The local tanneries could be responsible  but also are the main employers for the area.
Jan decides to go forward to the tanneries  thinking  as well as enhancing his and his firm.
The case could possibly earn him millions.
S already considerable reputations.
Bringing a class action lawsuit  Jan represents families.
Who demand a.
However  the case develops a life and takes over the lives of Jan and his firm.
The lawyers are not easy to intimidate  a judge makes a key ruling against the plaintiffs  and soon Jan and his partners find themselves in a position.
Where their professional and financial survival has been staked.
Jan stubbornly declines settlement offers  gradually coming to believe.
The case is about more than just the money.
He allows his pride to take over  making outrageous demands and deciding.
He must win.
Pressures take their toll.
The case is dismissed in favor of Beatrice  Jan having turned down an offer of $ 20 million.
The jury was deliberating.
The plaintiffs are forced to accept a settlement.
Barely covers the expense involved.
His partners broke.
The families are deeply disappointed.
Jan s partners no longer wish to work and break up the firm.
Jan s life is a shambles.
He ends up alone  filing.
A montage of short scenes involving the key characters in the film  combined with on-screen captions  reveals.
The Environmental Protection Agency  building  later brought its own enforcement action against the offending companies  forcing them to pay millions to clean up the land and the groundwater.
It takes Jan several years to settle his debts.
He now practices environmental law.
The plotline has been greatly simplified.
G. 
Later findings and its potential consequences  and improper conduct for Mary Ryan  are referred to only briefly in the epilogue.
That might have allowed the plaintiffs another trial  and which did ultimately lead to a conviction of perjury against John Riley.
The characters have been completely removed from the film version of the story  as well as the plot points.
Their characters contribute.
<EOS>
The murder draws Abwehr Major Grau into an investigation.
Where the evidence points being one of three German general officers  General von Seydlitz-Gabler  General Kahlenberg  his chief of staff  and General Tanz.
Grau s investigation is cut short to Paris at the instigation of these officers.
The murder of a third prostitute in Hamburg in 1965 draws the attention of Interpol Inspector Morand.
Morand owes a debt for not revealing his connection to the French Resistance during the war.
Almost certain there is a connection  Morand reopens the cold case and the movie shifts and the Europe of the.
The case remains closed.
All three officers meet in July.
Paris is a hotbed  with senior Wehrmacht officers plotting to assassinate Adolf Hitler.
Kahlenberg is deeply involved.
Von Seydlitz-Gabler  who is aware  is sitting on the fence  awaiting the outcome.
Tanz   remains loyal.
Who is unaware.
Tanz orders his driver  Kurt Hartmann  to procure a prostitute  Tanz butchers her so as to implicate Hartmann  but offers Hartmann the chance to desert.
He accepts.
He resumes his investigation and concludes.
When Grau  who is now a Lieutenant Colonel  learns.
Tanz is the killer.
However  his timing is unfortunate.
The assassination attempt takes place.
The general kills Grau and labels him to cover his tracks.
When Grau accuses Tanz face to face.
Years later  Morand begins to tie up the loose ends  he finds no criminal activity  but learns of one man.
Who knew which man is the real killer.
Morand confronts Tanz.
Tanz goes and shoots himself.
When Morand produces Hartmann.
<EOS>
Opening faces.
Populate the city s landscape  a young boy  presumably  arrives at a customs desk unaccompanied and with no papers.
He is taken.
He is drawn into the throng of the airport.
When a back is turned.
He then makes his way.
An amber alert is issued signaling.
A child has gone missing.
That same day  two children embark to find a reported monster living beneath the picturesque neighbourhood of Cabbagetown.
These former partners have to reevaluate their toxic relationship.
Staring down the barrel and now inhabiting the streets and alleys around Union Station spots the lost boy  but when he approaches the authorities his mental illness causes the credibility of his discovery to be questioned.
<EOS>
Smith explains  The first part depicts the heroine s toothache consequent.
Next follows an elaborate exposition  in terms of Israel and Montreal.
The second part depicts the return from being eaten by Max Muller on the day Edward VII dedicated the Great Sewer of London.
<EOS>
Vinu Mohan / Ramana plays an upcoming musician.
He is on his way home.
He is stricken.
Onlookers are giving the artist a few rupees each but not as much.
It begins to rain.
The drawing begins to dissolve.
Vinu Mohan / Ramana hands to the artist.
<EOS>
The story begins  with Stephen Chow having ordered and subsequently criticized Turkey s Assorted Noodles for its lack of taste  terrible choice of ingredients and feces in the pig s colon.
She lashes out for his criticism towards her cooking.
He tells her he is the God.
The God is the story of celebrity chef Stephen Chow.
Who knows very little and is willing to hawk any product for a price.
The arrogant and cocky Chow is known and runs a successful business empire  as well as appearing as a judge for rigged culinary competitions.
Chow s business empire is taken away.
When Bull Tong  who poses  reveals to the world that Chow is a fraud when he was told to prepare Assorted Noodles for Bull Tong  and repeats the same failure of a dish that he criticized Turkey for ad verbatim.
Bull was conspiring to overthrow him.
Ruined  Chow lives.
Where the story continues.
Two rival street vendors  Goosehead and Turkey  conduct gang warfare to see.
Vendor can sell the two best-selling dishes  beef balls and pissing shrimp.
Chow manages to unite the two rival vendors.
The three could sell together.
It becomes a huge success.
The vendors convince Chow to enroll.
Order to reclaim the title he lost  but not before he discovers that Turkey idolized Chow as the God  and received her scarred appearance due to her devotion.
The success alarms Bull  the new God of Cookery.
Who arranges to be assassinated on the way to culinary school.
Turkey  however  takes the bullet instead.
Chow  presumed dead  disappears.
One month later  Bull enters the God as the heavy favorite to retain the title.
Chow arrives  and reveals to Tong  Chow escaped the assassin s second bullet  and found his way to a Shaolin monastery.
What had happened.
Where head monk Wet Dream nursed him back.
However  Wet Dream would not allow Chow to leave the temple the culinary school was  -- the same kitchen Bull had trained at for 10 years  but subsequently dropped out of.
He was well-versed  a point made moot when it is revealed.
He was going to attend.
Chow continually mourned  and was overcome with grief and remorse over his careless treatment of her.
Training. 
The depth   convinced Wet Dream to allow him his departure from the monastery.
Caused his hair to grow white.
The competition begins in earnest  with the two attempting to make identical Buddha Jumping Wall dishes.
Each chef tries to sabotage the other s dish by attacking the other using their ingredients.
Kitchen implements  but Tong prevails.
When Chow s ex-business partner makes Chow s container explode.
Chow prepares Sorrowful Rice  a simple dish of barbecue pork on rice with an egg and onions  the same dish Turkey first gave to him.
He was living.
Tong had already blackmailed the judge.
Sorrowful Rice is the better dish.
Tong is apparently killed.
Chow s former business partner is reverted back.
It is also revealed  Chow was an assistant to the Kitchen God in the Imperial courts of Heaven  before being sent to Earth as punishment for revealing culinary secrets to mankind.
Chow celebrates Christmas with his vendor friends in Temple Street.
Where Goosehead reveals that Turkey survived the assassination.
She caught.
The bullet meant with her gold-plated teeth.
A dentist reconstructed her dental work and even threw on her face  making her pretty again.
<EOS>
The film opens.
The town clock chimes seven o  clock.
Sarah struggles to remember the final line.
Sarah remembers.
She has to babysit her brother Toby.
She rushes home and has a confrontation.
Sarah realizes.
Her teddy bear  Lancelot  is missing.
She finds the toy and resentfully declares a wish.
The goblins would take the baby away.
Abruptly  Toby vanishes and a barn owl flies  King of the Goblins.
Jareth tells Sarah.
He will return her brother if she can solve his Labyrinth.
He transports Sarah and himself  then leaves Sarah to start her quest.
Sarah meets Hoggle  a grumpy and obstinate dwarf.
Who refuses to help her.
She advances alone and overcomes a series of obstacles during her journey  including a Knights and Knaves logic puzzle  before eventually trapping herself in an oubliette.
Jareth sends Hoggle.
Named Ludo.
They travel Sarah and Hoggle encounter a group.
Whose roars frighten Hoggle and lead him to flee.
Sarah saves Ludo and travels.
The two become separated.
A group called the Fire Gang harass Sarah.
Hoggle reappears to rescue her.
Shortly afterward they pass and add another to their party  Sir Didymus  a chivalrous  fox-like knight.
Where they are reunited.
Who guards the bridge that leads away.
Hoggle offers Sarah a peach.
Jareth had ordered him to give her.
Sarah falls into a trance and finds herself in a dream-like ballroom.
Where Jareth attempts to seduce her.
The sound reminds Sarah.
She frees herself.
She rejoins Ludo and Sir Didymus.
The three approach the Goblin City.
Surrounds Jareth s castle.
Hoggle appears and disables a giant robot.
Guards the city gate.
Sarah forgives Hoggle and continues with all her friends through the city  successfully defeating the soldiers of the goblin army.
Who have been sent to stop them.
Sarah decides to go forward alone.
She finds Jareth and Toby unsuccessfully to find a path to reach her brother.
She is interrupted.
Who confronts her face-to-face and asks her to abandon her quest in order to stay forever.
Sarah recites the complete monologue  concluding with the formerly elusive line  You have no power over me.
Jareth  acknowledging defeat  returns Sarah and Toby.
Sarah discovers.
She can see Hoggle and the rest in her bedroom mirror.
Sarah tells her friends.
She needs them  summoning them.
The film closes.
Sarah and the creatures celebrate her victory.
A barn owl briefly watches the party before flying away.
<EOS>
An Italian submarine captain tries to navigate his sub.
The Italian sub manages to make it  followed by the British commander.
The two captains agree not to fight.
They come to respect each other.
Eventually the Italian sub leaves port.
The Captain accuses his lover.
The British commander follows  but ends up losing his ship.
<EOS>
The story sets  from teacher Bruis  point of view.
It centers.
Who never sees father because he is a sailor and who is neglected.
Time he is expelled from school.
Only teacher Bruis can really handle and restrain the boy.
Ciske kills his mother with a knife.
He is sent.
His father returns from the sea and decides to take care of him  together with his wife Aunt Jans.
<EOS>
England is infested with highwaymen  such as Will Plunkett  a London-based criminal working with a partner.
However  very soon his partner is killed by Thief Taker General Chance.
Plunkett finds himself.
This incident was witnessed.
Who was being taken.
He also sees Plunkett s partner swallow a ruby  and tries to exhume the body and retrieve the ruby.
He sees  and  after narrowly escaping discovery by Chance  he goes to the cemetery.
Unknown  Plunkett is also waiting there.
He forces Macleane to give the ruby.
He then also swallows it.
They are both found.
They go together.
Plunkett realises.
Because  he can give the ruby to Macleane.
He can use his influence to buy them both out.
This   starts a partnership  and Plunkett s brains and planning to rob them later on.
Could be very successful  where they use Macleane s title to get to know the rich.
However  this all goes haywire.
When Macleane falls and lets their secret slip.
Eventually  Plunkett s plans to escape the country are spoiled by Macleane s uncontrollable spending.
Plunkett leaves him.
However  Plunkett comes back to save his friend.
All three leave.
Plunkett gets his own back on Chance.
He shoots him.
<EOS>
The Steptoes have retired their horse.
The horse is lame.
Albert is forced to go home  Harold returns several hours later drunk and introduces Hercules the Second  a blind racing greyhound.
Harold reveals and plans to pay a small fortune to keep it fed on egg and steak.
He has borrowed # 200 to buy the dog.
They eventually have to sell all to try to pay off the loan.
They just about lose hope.
When their dog loses.
When Albert brings up that he had saved #.
Harold then schemes to get the money.
They find an old mannequin and fit it around Albert s body.
They then call Dr Popplewell  a known alcoholic doctor.
Who s fortunately drunk.
He announces.
Albert has died.
Harold then brings home a coffin.
He has been saving that his father would actually die.
The next day some old friends s come to visit and pay their respects to Albert.
They announce.
They have arranged a funeral.
This is nt good news.
Later one ask.
He could look for a final time.
Knowing  Harold makes the excuse.
The coffin is actually full.
His father s face is all distorted.
Later come to the Steptoe household.
Along Mr Russell from the insurance company enters.
Harold meets him only to find out.
All is to go to a lover that Albert met in 1949 while Harold was in the army in Malaya.
Harold asks.
He did nt cancel the insurance plan.
Albert s only excuse is.
I forgot.
Harold then has the idea.
However  Albert falls into a deep sleep.
Nothing seems to wake him up.
Harold tries to wake him several times  however on the way by the back door of a removal truck.
He is hit.
They decide to take Harold and carry on to the funeral without him.
Harold runs away and gets a taxi to the cemetery.
There Harold accidentally smashes.
Albert finally wakes up.
The vicar runs off and meets Harold looking himself is one of the undead.
Back home  Albert withdraws the insurance plan and receives #.
They pay off their debt and buy a new horse  Harold invests the rest of the money in a part share of a race horse.
He discovers.
His partner is called H.
M.
Queen.
<EOS>
The story centers.
Who plays herself.
Ball is the reluctant guest.
Who wrote her a mash note and invitation to be his date.
Ball s publicity man  Jack ORiley  seizes and convinces her to travel 3000 miles to join Hooper at Winsocki Military Academy s dance.
Mayhem ensues.
When Ball actually shows up.
Hooper   has to disinvite his girlfriend  Helen  and ask Ball to pretend to be Helen.
Who never dreamed she would accept.
The actress herself not pass muster.
Helen fights back.
Hooper tries to keep Ball.
Meanwhile  Harry James and his orchestra perform various songs.
The cast also sing and dance their way as Buckle Down  Winsocki  Wish I May  Three Men on a Date  Alive and Kickin   The Barrelhouse  The Boogie-Woogie and the Blues  and Evry time.
-LSB-.
The soundtrack CD also includes the cut What Do You Think I Am.
<EOS>
Milan arrives by train at the start of the week.
The hotel is closed.
He finds accommodation with a retired poetry teacher  Manesquier.
The film tells the story  - Manesquier is to undergo a major operation.
Looming are two unavoidable events that each is expecting to take place on the Saturday.
Milan is to lead a bank robbery.
Manesquier soon realises Milan s intentions.
This does not prevent a growing mutual respect.
<EOS>
James Bond -- agent 007 -- is assigned to aid the defection covering his escape from a concert hall in Bratislava  Czechoslovakia during the orchestra s intermission.
Bond notices is a female cellist from the orchestra.
The KGB sniper assigned to prevent Koskov s escape.
Disobeying his orders to kill the sniper  he instead shoots the rifle  then uses the Trans-Siberian Pipeline to smuggle Koskov across the border into Austria and then on to Britain.
Koskov informs.
The KGB s old policy  meaning Death to Spies  has been revived by General Leonid Pushkin  the new head of the KGB.
Koskov is later abducted and assumed to have been taken back to Moscow.
Bond is directed to track down Pushkin and kill him.
Order to forestall further killings of tensions between the Soviet Union and the West.
He agrees to carry out the mission.
Bond s prior knowledge initially leads him to doubt Koskov s claims.
When he learns that the assassin who killed 004 left a note bearing the same message  Smert Spionam.
Bond returns to Bratislava to track down the cellist  Kara Milovy.
He determines.
Koskov s entire defection was staged  and that Milovy is actually Koskov s girlfriend.
Bond convinces Milovy and persuades her to accompany him  supposedly to be reunited with him.
He is a friend.
Meanwhile  Pushkin meets Brad Whitaker in Tangier  informing him.
The KGB is cancelling an arms deal previously arranged.
Bond meets his MI6 ally  Saunders.
Who discovers a history.
Saunders is killed.
He leaves their meeting.
Who again leaves the message Smert Spionam.
Bond and Milovy promptly leave.
Where Bond confronts Pushkin.
Pushkin disavows any knowledge  and reveals.
Koskov is evading arrest.
Bond fakes Pushkin s assassination  inducing Whitaker and Koskov to progress.
Meanwhile  Milovy contacts Koskov.
Who tells her that Bond is actually a KGB agent and convinces her him.
He can be captured.
Koskov  Necros  Milovy  and the captive Bond fly.
Where Koskov betrays Milovy and imprisons her along.
The pair escape and.
Bond and Milovy discover.
Koskov is using Soviet funds to buy a massive shipment from the Mujahideen  intending to keep the profits with enough left over to supply the Soviets with their arms.
Bond plants a bomb aboard the cargo plane carrying the opium  but is spotted and has no choice.
To barricade himself.
Milovy drives a jeep.
They take off.
Necros also leaps aboard.
Bond throws Necros to his death and deactivates the bomb.
Bond then re-activates it and drops it out  blowing it up and helping Shah and his men gain an important victory over advancing Soviet troops.
Bond returns to Tangier to kill Whitaker   sending him back to Moscow.
<EOS>
Superintendent Pharaon De Winter investigates the murder.
Who had also been raped.
The film starts.
The film then focuses.
Follows. 
Of whom are.
Joseph is a crude man.
Revealed in contrast to Domino  whom De Winter considers as tender and to whom he is attracted.
Domino and her colleagues vote to go.
Where they work.
The police authorities are starting to pressure the local police  in particular De Winter s boss  to find the murderer.
Eventually   Joseph is arrested.
The Lille authorities take.
Domino is distraught.
De Winter becomes similarly emotionally unstable.
There is only the barest outline.
A girl is murdered  a policeman is assigned to solve the murder.
The film is shot.
Corresponds. 
<EOS>
Princess Pearl is sent to Midland at a young age to learn her ceremonials duties.
Her mother  the Queen Mother misses her daughter very much.
The King orders his sister  the princess  to return home.
However  the princess has fallen with General Wing of the Midland army and is reluctant to part from him.
Pearl and Wing save the life.
Their boat approaches the Flowerland border.
Who threw herself in order to escape an arranged marriage.
General Wing and his troops along continue on their journey  leaving the still unconscious Ying on the boat.
The boat arrives.
Shortly thereafter  they are attacked.
Pearl falls.
Princess Pearl washes ashore and is saved by a man named Million.
Who is revealed to be Ying s father.
Million is poverty stricken.
He intends to force his daughter to honor the promise to marry the son.
That he can obtain gifts.
Million realizes.
Pearl is not his daughter.
He decides to adopt the girl.
She is suffering.
Wu s eldest daughter  Yau  is hot-tempered and practical woman.
She immediately refuses to let them stay.
When she realizes Million has fallen.
Finally Wu agrees to let them stay.
Chuen returns to make his decision about marriage.
It is discovered.
Chuen had earlier fallen deeply with a girl he met in town named Ying.
He is overwhelmed.
When he learns that he is asked to marry Ying and immediately wishes to see her.
However  he does not recognize Million s daughter.
He saw before.
He rejects.
Pearl and Wu is required to pay compensation.
Taking advantage  Million asks for one million taels as compensation  but Yau in a rap battle  counters.
She will pay him only one tael.
Later  the King s troops arrive.
Finding it abandoned  they retrieve her mistakenly as Princess Pearl.
The King decides to select a prince consort for the princess.
Order to fulfill the happiness.
Ying decides to remain pretending as Princess Pearl.
Meanwhile  General Wing continues to search to the Kingdom  he is reluctant to reveal his true identity.
He meets Chuen and Yau.
Yau is attracted.
Chuen creates the opportunities by inviting Wing to stay in their house.
Wing encounters Pearl.
She does not recognize him.
Million discovers.
Pearl is pregnant and reaches a hasty agreement with Yau.
To hide her pregnancy  Pearl is dressed  but meets the King in this guise.
The King feels such a strong affinity.
He proposes to make her prince consort.
However  Wu also hope Chuen to become prince consort and arranges.
Him to enter the selection process.
And finally  General Wing hearing concludes and also enters the competition.
Pearl is.
The Pearl he met earlier must be merely a.
The King s competition involves tests.
Wing and Chuen   pass the tests.
Being highly skilled.
Pearl however  struggles and passes only barely from the help of some luck.
The King chooses the disguised Pearl as the prince consort for his sister.
Million realizes.
He is as he expected Pearl to lose badly in the competition.
He goes to a bar to get drunk.
Wing is determined to reunite and proposes to kidnap the princess at night.
Is also.
Million overhears this and sees this to avoid trouble  giving them an excuse to leave and possibly collect financial compensation from the King.
Pearl would not have to marry the princess if she is kidnapped.
That night  Million eagerly awaits Wing to arrive and kidnap the princess.
Pearl and Ying  now are reluctant to move towards one another.
Finally  Wing arrives but  encounters Chuen.
Who plans to kidnap the princess as well.
They spar  but are apprehended by the King s troops.
Who had anticipated that they might come and kidnap his sister.
Million  Wing  and Chuen are captured and ordered.
Million  reveals the truth of Pearl to the King.
The King not believing him  orders everyone to assemble.
They can explain the situation.
<EOS>
Alex faces murder charges with the death of schoolmate Nigel.
Both students claim.
To be descended and that they planned to kill a female schoolmate in order to gain supernatural abilities.
<EOS>
A sexually frustrated woman asks her friend Helen.
To achieve an orgasm.
Helen recommends.
A sex party provides no help.
Linda visit a doctor.
The doctor discovers.
Linda s clitoris is located.
The infatuated Linda asks him to marry her.
He informs her.
She can settle  performing her particular oral technique -- thereafter known as deep throat -- on various men.
She finds the one to marry.
Meanwhile  the doctor documents her exploits.
The movie ends.
And Deep Throat.
The 61-minute-long movie is intended to be humorous.
<EOS>
Book-Smart teenager Cal Chetley  joins.
His Oklahoma high school s wrestling team  seeing it also.
His mother  Sharon  is not initially supportive.
When she discovers that Mike is secretly coaching Cal after she gets a call.
She has been away.
Mike  for over 10 years  but copes and watches yet another family male become legendary.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
His son and prince Jagathalapradhapan is a valourous youth.
Who sets out.
He lands.
Where the head pirates Alai Kallan lives.
Jagathalapradhapan comes.
Who belong.
Romance blossom.
Jagathalapradhapan manages to nab Alai Kallan and decides to return.
He promises Mohini.
He would bring his parents to arrange.
However the King and his wife Mangayarkarasi arranges with a princess Azhagu Nachiyar.
Jagathalapradhapan tries hard to convince his parents.
He would marry only Mohini.
To put an end  the king and his wife hatch a conspiracy and bump off Mohini.
Enters a cruel tantrik  and thereby get the ultimate power to rule the world.
Who uses the feud and plans to kill Jagathalapradhapan.
But all his plans are altered.
When Mohini s spirit comes back.
Eventually it is a clash - the fight between the good and evil.
<EOS>
The Hotel is a reference to a prostitutes -- an illegal practise.
Who come.
<EOS>
The film takes place.
When a young couple - about to settle down - are suddenly disturbed by the arrival of a seemingly helpless young man.
They accept him  hoping to aid him.
The couple quickly realise.
Their guest is a psychotic serial killer  intent.
The couple attempt to flee and call.
The killer traps them  playing a twisted game with them in an attempt to murder them.
Any help can arrive to save them.
<EOS>
The setting is the USA.
The country has been devastated.
Killed tens of millions  and exhaustion of the world s fossil fuel supply.
Democracy collapsed.
An authoritarian dictatorial government seized power.
Personal freedom has been abolished.
Ownership has been outlawed.
Surveillance cameras are ubiquitous.
Franklyn Hart  a reclusive former race car driver  has lost his family.
The totalitarian government has made him a propaganda spokesman  he spends his days publicly renouncing his race-driving past  deploring the selfishness of private vehicle ownership  and exalting the virtues of public transportation.
However  Hart is barely able to contain his contempt for his governmental masters and the lies.
He is forced to repeat.
He is despondent.
He and everyone else used to take for granted -- in particular  owning and driving automobiles.
Hart has restored an orange Porsche roadster to drivable condition by raiding junkyards in the dead of night.
His goal is to drive his car to Free California  an independent territory.
Has broken away.
Young electronics whiz Ring McCarthy discovers Hart s plan.
Hart reluctantly agrees to bring him along.
They escape.
Who have also discovered the plot.
Hart has access  the few inches of residual fuel remaining at the bottom of every subterranean storage tank in every abandoned gas station in the country.
There is no more petroleum.
He uses a portable hand-operated pump to refuel.
The government  represented  must stop Hart and McCarthy at any cost.
Their daring adventure has become a nationwide sensation  and is beginning to trigger calls to personal autonomy and democratic government.
However  ground pursuit is impossible.
There are no other functional road vehicles capable.
Hawkins orders a retired Air Force pilot named J.
G.
Williams to track down and destroy the car.
Williams is caught up in the thrill of flying a fighter jet once again  and the excitement of the chase  and gives little thought to the ultimate consequences of his mission.
He locates his target and strafes it  wounding Hart.
Hart and McCarthy take refuge.
Where they find a community who take them in  hide the car  and treat Hart s wounds.
Soon  however  a team finds and attacks the community.
Hart and McCarthy fire up the Porsche and escape.
Back  Williams easily locates them again  but now he is having second thoughts.
He is starting to identify with Hart s situation.
Prodded  Williams initiates several more confrontations.
Each time he backs off  leading Hart and McCarthy to wonder.
What he is up.
McCarthy  the electronics whiz  rigs a radio receiver and listens in.
McCarthy establishes a dialog using Morse code.
Eventually Williams admits.
He is sympathetic.
Unfortunately  Hawkins is also monitoring Williams  radio communications.
Williams has no intention.
Williams attempts to warn Hart.
His radio communications have been jammed.
Williams releases his external fuel tanks  hoping the inferno will stop the car short of the cannon s range.
Hart  assuming  drives on.
Williams has changed his mind yet again and is now attacking him.
Williams strafes the laser  but can not destroy it  so he sacrifices himself  destroying his jet and the laser installation  and allowing Hart and McCarthy to drive on to California.
<EOS>
Claudelle Inglish  a defiant Southern farm girl falls with a poor dirt farmer instead of marrying the wealthy landowner.
Her mother picked out.
The girl descends  moving from man to man.
Her beau sends her a Dear John letter while he is.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Whose mother died when she was three years old.
Her father Jim is a workaholic.
Jessica wins a free wish from a wishing well.
Her wish is granted by Philomena.
Amy  a department store mannequin  is brought to be a mom for Jessica.
<EOS>
Union cavalry officer Major Amos Dundee is relieved of his command for an unspecified tactical error at the Battle of Gettysburg and was sent to head a prisoner-of-war camp in the New Mexico Territory.
Tyreen bears a grudge.
Dundee cast the deciding vote in Tyreen s court-martial from the U.
S.
Army.
However  having given his word  the chivalrous Tyreen binds himself.
His men to serve loyally  but only has been dispatched.
They engage the Apaches.
When the diverse factions are nt fighting each other.
The film is narrated.
Whose diary is meant to serve to the action.
The Americans lose most in an Apache ambush  forcing them to raid a village garrisoned by French troops loyal to Emperor Maximilian of Mexico.
However  there is little to loot.
Dundee ends up sharing some with the starving Mexicans.
Beautiful resident Teresa Santiago  the widow  causes further tensions between Dundee and Tyreen.
Dundee makes it easy to escape.
Dundee surprises them and makes off with badly needed supplies.
When they return as he had expected.
Teresa ultimately has a short-lived affair.
He is wounded by the Apaches in the leg  forcing him to seek medical help in French-held Durango.
The doctor successfully removes the arrow.
Dundee has to remain there to recuperate.
He is tended.
Whom he eventually takes.
Her relationship comes to an abrupt end.
When Teresa comes unexpectedly.
Dundee starts drinking heavily.
Tyreen has to sneak into resuming his mission.
Charriba proves difficult to pin down  so Dundee pretends to give up and starts back.
The Apaches give chase and end up.
Charriba is finally killed.
Dundee and Tyreen prepare to resume their own personal battle.
Their bargain concluded.
The vengeful French appear  forcing the two men to set aside their differences.
The two cavalry forces charge each other.
He rides off to singlehandedly delay a second detachment.
When Tyreen is fatally shot.
The others escape.
<EOS>
A woman named.
Karen  who is suffering  enters a hospital in San Francisco.
The doctors begin to think.
It is a living creature  a fetus being born.
Eerie and grisly occurrences begin  the tumorous growth perceives itself - himself - to be as a result of the X-rays used to ascertain its nature  and deform its development.
Are starting.
The growth is actually an old Native American shaman  he is reincarnating himself to exact his revenge on white men.
Who invaded North America and exterminated its native peoples.
A second Native American shaman is contacted and hired to help fight the reincarnating medicine man.
The kind.
He can summon and control.
<EOS>
The protagonists are Vel  a Hindu coming from a lower middle class family and a booking clerk at a lorry transport and cargo agency in Tuticorin and Manju  a Roman Catholic girl  studying in the local college.
Their first meeting is an accident caused due.
When sitting on the back of her father s scooter and trying to go through her examination notes  the paper and her ` duppata  flies off  blinding the bike rider coming behind.
Vel   finds his bike skidding.
Who was the rider.
He ends up and shouts at Manju and her father Mariadas  without realizing.
Who was riding the scooter.
He is the new customs officer.
Manju has a soft corner  fearing.
He may end up with a head injury.
Later she meets him and sends him a note to take a head scan.
Leads to hilarious scenes as his assistant ` Tyre  thinks it is a love letter.
But  both Vel and Manju are deeply drawn towards each other.
One day  they are intercepted.
They are romancing.
All hell breaks loose.
Manju is brutally beaten up as her mother tries to protect her.
A distraught and drunk Vel go to her house in the night asking for her hand.
Leads to bedlam.
Three days later  a sobered Vel goes and finds.
Mariadas has resigned and just disappeared.
Real tough times is.
Vel finds her whereabouts and goes to Pune.
What the rest is about.
<EOS>
Barbie is fired by the director for expressing her opinion.
To make matters worse  Ken calls her and breaks up with her.
Barbie decides to get away.
Ken is helping Raquelle practice lines.
Barbie is.
Who thinks Ken dumped Barbie.
However  one.
He recorded.
He realizes.
Raquelle sent it.
To make sure  Teresa and Grace tell him to make a ` grand romantic gesture.
Barbie understands what happened.
Ken decides to go to surprise Barbie  so he books a flight.
Barbie finds her Aunt Millicent s fashion house and discovers.
She s closing down and moving.
Barbie meets Aunt Millicent s assistant  Marie-Alice   but is shy.
Who is a great designer.
She has many designs.
Are enhanced.
They can enhance clothes and put them in the Glitterizer  a wardrobe with their magic in it.
The outfits are a success.
They decide to host a fashion show night to raise enough money to buy Aunt Millicent s fashion house back from a Hot Dog company.
However  across the street is Jacqueline with her assistant Delphine  rivalling fashion designers.
They plan to kidnap Shimmer  Glimmer  and Shyne.
When they see the Flairies.
Millicent decides to help.
When Barbie and Marie-Alice discover that the Flairies are gone.
They worked to create a line of beautiful dresses.
See fireworks and rescue thm.
The Flairies made.
The Flairies transform the studio and glitterize the outfits completing the last preparations.
A lady orders ten thousand pieces.
Millicent is able to buy the fashion house back.
Glimmer   transforms Barbie s final outfit.
Who always struggled.
Better yet  Ken arrives and tells Barbie.
He never meant to break up  and what is more  that he loves her.
They share a passionate kiss.
Lilliana Roxelle  Paris s top fashion critic  congratulates them and invites them to her Pink  White  and Black party that night.
Glimmer harnesses her magic a second time and transforms the limousines.
The film ends.
<EOS>
After a drunken house party with his friends  Russell heads out to a gay club  alone and looking for an encounter.
He picks up Glen  an aspiring artist.
They end up sleeping together back.
Russell   feels inferior.
Who works.
The next day Glen and Russell meet up.
The two ride Russell s bike together.
Back  they spend the day together  sharing stories of their past encounters and their experiences as gay men.
Russell confides  during this time he was closeted.
He grew up with a friend  Jamie  whom he considered as his brother.
Russell learns.
Glen is leaving for a two-year art course.
This leaves Russell upset.
Glen invites him to attend a party.
He is throwing that night.
Russell later goes to see him in the bar.
One mentions to Russell.
How Glen had a relationship on him but became a martyr in their relationship and how he got beaten up in the park.
The pair get out.
Spend their time.
Where Glen admits that he is never happy and feels down.
Whenever he s.
They smoke marijuana.
When they get back.
It is not long.
They have an argument.
Glen speculates that things would be perfect in America  where they would have equal rights  rather than in England.
Russell feels and believes.
It s right to fight.
They could be happy together.
Russell then rebukes Glen.
John was cheating.
Glen then strikes back.
He does nt know anything and that he could nt even stand up for himself.
This upsets Russell and he leaves.
However  Russell and Glen are reconciled.
Soon they passionately share a kiss and have sex.
They play a game.
Where Glen pretends to be Russell s father where he could finally come out.
Russell feels desolate and goes to attend the birthday party of his friend Jamie s daughter.
Jamie asks him.
What is wrong.
He finally admits.
He loves Glen and is afraid.
Jamie then drives Russell.
Where he could catch up.
He gets there upon Glen.
Who thought he would never show up.
They say their last goodbyes and Glen kisses Russell.
Who finally overcomes his fear.
Glen hands Russell a present.
Is a voice recorder on which Glen had earlier recorded Russell s account.
<EOS>
Dora is a retired schoolteacher.
Who has become embittered.
She works.
Order to make ends meet.
She can be impatient and sometimes does not mail the letters.
She writes  putting them or even tearing them up.
Josue is a poor 9-year-old boy.
Who has never met his father  but hopes to do so.
His mother sends letters through Dora  saying.
She hopes to reunite soon.
The boy is left homeless.
When she is killed.
Dora takes him and traffics him to a corrupt couple.
She is made to feel guilty and later steals him back.
Dora is initially reluctant to be responsible  but ends up deciding to take a trip with him to Northeast Brazil.
Order to find his father s house and leave him there.
Dora tries to leave Josue.
He follows her  forgetting his backpack containing Dora s money.
Penniless  they are picked up.
Who abandons them when Dora encourages him to drink beer and then grows too friendly.
Dora trades her watch.
They find his father s address.
The current residents say.
Jesus won a house  and now lives in the new settlements  adding that he lost the house and money through drinking.
Josue saves them from destitution by suggesting Dora write letters for the pilgrims.
Who have arrived.
This time she posts the letters.
They take the bus.
They are told.
When they locate the address they have.
He no longer lives there and has disappeared.
Josue tells Dora.
He will wait.
Dora invites him to live.
She calls Irene and asks her to sell her refrigerator  sofa and television.
She says.
She will call when she gets settled somewhere.
She learns.
She hangs up.
There are no buses leaving.
Isaias  one  is working on a roof next to the bus stop  and learns.
They are looking.
Dora says.
She is a friend and was in the area.
Isaias insists.
She and Josue  who  suspicious  has introduced himself as Geraldo  come to dinner.
They return.
Where they meet Moises  the other.
Later  Isaias explains.
Their father married Ana  who he does nt know is Josue s mother  after their mother died  and that nine years ago  while pregnant  Ana left her drunken lover and never returned.
Isaias asks Dora to read a letter.
His father wrote when he disappeared  six months ago  in case she returned.
The boys  father explains.
He has gone to find Ana and the son he has never met.
He promises to return  asks her to wait  and says -- himself  Ana  Isaias and Moises.
They can all be together.
Dora pauses  looks at Josue and says.
Josue  ca nt wait to meet.
Whom I.
Isaias and Josue both say.
Moises does nt think so.
The next morning   Dora sneaks out to catch the bus.
The sons sleep.
She first leaves from Jesus the one from Ana to Jesus  the one Dora carried with her from the Central Station but never mailed  expressing Ana s wish for the family to be reunited.
Josue wakes up too late to prevent her departure.
Dora writes a letter to Josue.
Both are left.
They had taken.
<EOS>
The film follows an adventure seeking group.
Who visit a National Park to spend the day playing Airsoft.
However  they are hunted down one by one  by the building s vicious occupants  three ex soldiers intent on keeping them from telling anyone.
Their War game is turned.
Where they will be forced to fight.
<EOS>
A man s inability to see.
How his actions affect everyone and how the results of those actions could be the end of them all.
<EOS>
The Rico brothers are mobsters.
Eddie Rico has given up crime.
The other Ricos have not.
This causes a rift.
Eddie gets word.
His brothers have been marked.
He tries to warn them  yet.
What Eddie does not know  at least until the last moments  is that Kubick is the man who has ordered the Rico boys murdered.
<EOS>
The Whirlygirl is a professional exotic dancer.
Travels and entertains her audiences.
Raol  a student  makes contact with her.
She agrees to visit his school.
Raol enlists the aid.
James Edwards to formulate plans.
The party goes off.
The boys celebrate and praise James.
Though  James realizes.
His watch has gone missing and suspects the Whirlygirl has stolen it.
He tracks down Alice and confronts her.
He recovers his watch and divulges its sentimental value.
James and Alice make.
A connection and the remainder follows the growth of their relationship  which endures a number of trials.
Alice helps the typically strait-laced  obedient James take more risks.
Includes skipping school  partying  and dodging police officers.
Reciprocating  James helps the wild Alice reconnect  end her scandalous relationships  and realize her dream of becoming a professional dancer.
Late  James faces.
Repeatedly skipping class.
Alice comes and persuades the school to give him a second chance.
Alice decides to leave her former life behind and start fresh in another town.
She invites James.
He decides.
It s best to finish his education first.
James gives Alice his watch and Alice promises it.
A memento together.
James simply says  I know.
She drives away.
You will.
<EOS>
The countertop opens.
Backed  Larry declares.
The world needs a hero  a hero  a superhero  and then gets stuck while he shows off.
Larry explains.
When Bob the Tomato enters and asks.
He does nt feel special  that plain old Larry is plain old boring.
This dovetails with the viewer s letter  Myra Egleston of Youngstown  Pennsylvania  about.
Bob starts the story.
The story begins.
Where David and his brothers are tending a flock.
These sheep tend over a lot.
Keeps the shepherds busy.
Worse  Dave s brothers are constantly picking on him.
He is working.
Their father Jesse comes.
The Philistines are attacking  and that King Saul is gathering an army to face the threat.
All the brothers run to volunteer.
Dave is stopped.
Who tells him that big people do big things and little people do little things.
The Israelites and the Philistines make a deal to end the war quickly.
They agree to have their champions  their two greatest fighters  face off.
The tribe shall win the war.
Whose champion is victorious.
The losing tribe will become their slaves.
Seeing.
The Philistines are nt especially big.
However  he faints.
When his opponents bring out their champion.
The story breaks here.
The number is.
I Love My Lips  in which Larry  lying  confesses his love for his lips and his fear of losing them.
Larry becomes increasingly focused  to the point.
The psychiatrist tries to understand Larry s fear.
Where everything the cucumber sees is a lip.
The story then resumes.
Naturally  no one is willing to fight Goliath and proceed to stall him by running and hiding.
Eventually  Dave is sent to deliver some food to his brothers.
He is ashamed cowering in fear.
Dave then goes and tells him.
He will fight Goliath.
King Saul is skeptical but reluctantly grants his permission.
He does attempt to make Dave over.
However  they are much too big.
Dave resolves to go.
As he is.
Dave goes.
Goliath dons boxing gloves.
The battle is short  Dave slings a stone and hits him between the eyes  sending the Giant Pickle falling to the ground in defeat.
Realizing their loss  the Philistines panic and run away.
The Israelites congratulate Dave.
Back  Bob explains.
All things are possible.
This means.
Little people can do big things and that Larry does nt need to dress up.
Regardless  Larry still wants to be.
Is okay so long as Larry is just as comfortable with being himself.
He gets.
Larry resumes his Larry-Boy act.
Himself stuck as the credits roll.
<EOS>
Woody reads.
An enticing add.
Woody sounds interested.
His neighbor could do better.
Woody first tries to paint a picture.
The neighbor gets jealous and tries to paint the flower.
Woody gets and paints it anyway.
<EOS>
The company s board suspects foul play and hires Hugh Bulldog Drummond to investigate.
When a top oil executive dies mysteriously.
Attempts lead him to believe two lovely females.
Are hit men.
Drummond pursues them  but finds himself trapped in a deadly game of cat and mouse with a diabolical mastermind.
It is revealed.
Carl Petersen is the evil genius and that his own assassination was faked.
Using two female assassins  Irma and Penelope  Petersen kills anyone.
Who either attempt to uncover his alter ego or block his attempts.
The finale involves Petersen s attempt.
Who refuses to sell his oil fields.
Grace   is unwittingly used to carry a plastic explosive.
Who unknowingly reveals that she is disillusioned with Peterson while talking to Drummond.
Drummond attempts to escape.
Playing in a game of chess that uses giant motorized pieces.
Where he is a prisoner.
Drummond kills Petersen s bodyguard Chang and presumably kills Petersen himself by dropping him down an exploding hole in the chessboard.
Irma and Penelope  forced to be  escape.
Drummond tries to find the bomb.
When one is distracted by Grace s off-screen nudity while Drummond is searching her.
Irma comments to the other.
The bomb was.
Penelope is shocked.
She envied Grace s chignon and replaced it.
The two assassins are killed instantly.
When the hairclip explodes  destroying their motorboat.
<EOS>
Shammi Kapoor plays Pritam  a young man.
Who desperately needs a job to pay.
He finds out - the catch is.
Their guardian  Sita Devi Verma will only hire an old man.
Pritam disguises himself and takes the job.
The situation is very tense.
Sita Devi have been given the responsibility.
Who is very strict.
His old avatar is romancing their guardian.
Pritam s young avatar is romancing one.
Producer F.
C.
Mehra  director Lekh Tandon  actor Shammi Kapoor and music director duo Shankar Jaikishan later worked together again.
<EOS>
A group travel to a Caribbean resort to discover themselves sexually but unfortunately one of them has also discovered.
They like too.
<EOS>
Filmmakers James Hanlon and the Naudet brothers were originally filming Tony Benetatos  a probationary firefighter assigned to the Engine 7/Ladder 1/Battalion 1 Firehouse on Duane Street in Lower Manhattan with the intention of making a film about the probie s first experience as a firefighter.
The firehouse  under the direction of Battalion Chief Joseph Pfeifer  was called out on a reported odor of gas at Church and Lispenard Streets.
Jules rode  to check it out.
Gedeon stayed behind with the probie.
Jules turned the camera to follow the plane and taped one.
When American Airlines Flight 11 flew.
The firefighters and their companies  under the direction of Chief Pfeifer were the first responders on the scene.
Who were investigating the gas leak.
Jules was allowed to follow the chief.
Jules  Chief Pfeifer and several other FDNY Chiefs were.
When Tower 2 is hit and when Tower 2 eventually collapsed.
The film gives various firemen s accounts  from the initial crash to the building s collapse to the attempts to rescue survivors from the rubble  as well as the aftermath of the events  and those  including Chief Pfeifer s brother  Engine 33 Lieutenant Kevin Pfeifer.
Who were lost.
<EOS>
Daniel Hillard is a talented  unemployed actor and a devoted father loved Chris  Lydia and Natalie.
However his marriage  Miranda  is increasingly strained.
The uptight Miranda has grown to dislike her husband s immature and spontaneous behavior.
Daniel hires a mobile petting zoo and throws a large birthday party  despite knowing.
His wife would not allow it.
Miranda decides  and demands a divorce.
This is the last straw.
Miranda gets primary custody.
Daniel has no steady source.
Daniel has visitation rights limited  devastating him.
He adores his children.
The judge acknowledges this and agrees to consider a joint custody arrangement.
Daniel can hold down a job and create a suitable home.
He contacts Miranda.
When Daniel learns that Miranda intends to hire a housekeeper  and is unwilling to let Daniel take care.
Asked his name  he looks and sees a headline containing the words doubt fire  and says  Doubtfire.
Daniel uses his acting talents and enlists the help to transform him into Mrs Euphegenia Doubtfire  a 60 year old British nanny so he himself can apply for the position.
Miranda is delighted and hires her on the spot.
The two quickly begin to form a friendship.
Daniel   is now able to see his kids every day  and uses this opportunity to be the firm father figure.
He was nt before.
Eventually the children begin to respond favourably.
Miranda is able to heal her rocky relationship as well.
Who begins to improve himself by learning gourmet cooking and refurnishing his new apartment.
Daniel is able to keep up the charade  despite nearly being discovered by his caseworker Mrs Sellner  and attempting to break up his ex-wife s relationship with Stuart Denmeyer  her new boyfriend.
Who dislikes Daniel.
He also realises.
He has trapped himself  as when he once again asks Miranda to take care of the children  she responds that she could never get rid of Mrs Doubtfire  as she has made their lives so much better.
Daniel is discovered.
When Chris accidentally walks in.
He then explains.
He dresses only to see them every day.
He also warns them not to tell their mother   or Natalie  and might reveal the truth.
He would likely end up and might never see the kids again.
She is too young to understand.
Both children are happy to have their father  and agree to keep the secret.
Meanwhile.
Where Daniel works.
Stuart plans to celebrate Miranda s birthday.
Mrs Doubtfire is also invited.
Daniel tries to postpone his dinner  but Lundy is fully booked.
Daniel realizes.
He can not cancel the appointment.
Daniel attempts to rotate back and forth between Lundy and his family  using the restroom to change back and forth from himself to Mrs Doubtfire.
Daniel dumps cayenne pepper.
He is allergic.
He also becomes increasingly intoxicated and forgets to remove his costume before returning to Lundy s table.
He covers by explaining to Lundy.
His alter ego is merely his idea.
Lundy is once again impressed  and agrees to develop the character.
Daniel notices  administers the Heimlich maneuver.
Stuart is choking.
However  his mask tears off  revealing his true identity.
Horrified and outraged.
Who her housekeeper really is.
Daniel makes an impassioned plea to the judge saying.
He created the disguise merely to spend time.
The judge gives Miranda full custody while limiting Daniel to supervised visitation rights once a week.
He finds his behavior disturbing.
The children again are withdrawn and depressed.
Miranda admits.
Their lives were so much better.
However they are surprised and delighted to see.
Mrs Doubtfire is the star.
It quickly becomes the highest-rated program  creating the possibility.
The show will be aired nationwide.
She herself is -  Miranda pays Daniel a visit on the set and tells him.
She does nt want to keep hurting the children  and that she knows the children were so much happier with Mrs Doubtfire and therefore their father in their lives.
She forgives him  sorts things out with the courts  allowing Daniel unlimited access to the children.
The two make up.
Daniel picks the kids up to spend an afternoon.
Miranda watches an episode in which Mrs Doubtfire answers a letter from another child of divorce asking for advice.
She explains.
No matter what type may have  love will maintain the bond of the family.
<EOS>
Harvey Cheyne is the spoiled son.
He is shunned at a private boarding school  and eventually suspended for the remainder of the term due to bad behavior.
His father realizes  so he takes his son to Europe via a trans-Atlantic steamship.
The boy needs closer attention and guidance.
En route  Harvey   falls overboard in the area of the Grand Banks of Newfoundland.
He is rescued and taken aboard the fishing schooner We re Here.
Harvey fails to persuade captain Disko Troop to take him ashore  nor can he convince him.
However  the captain offers him a low-paid job.
They return three months later.
Harvey eventually accepts.
Befriended  he begins to learn the ways of working at sea.
Observing his equally tough crew-mates  Harvey thrives  coming to learn.
His former practices are not an acceptable way of life.
He also finds the father figure.
He never had  and pleads with Manuel to allow him to remain on the We re Here after their return.
Manuel volunteers to climb to the top of the mast to furl the sail  but is mortally injured.
When the mast cracks and he is plunged.
Manuel is cut loose to sink below the surface to his death.
Harvey loses his surrogate father and best friend.
Eventually  the schooner returns.
Harvey is reunited.
Rushing  Harvey s father is surprised to find.
His self-centered child has become mature and considerate.
Harvey refuses to be comforted  but eventually comes around.
<EOS>
A playboy American officer  Capt.
Alfred Westerman  plays a practical joke Rosalinda at a masked ball.
<EOS>
The trio once again play firemen.
Still employs horse-powered engines.
He tries to sabotage the firehouse.
Sleazy salesman Mr Reardon fails to convince Fire Chief Kelly that horse-powered engines are out.
He drops a can into the old-fashioned pump boiler.
The chief s daughter sees him.
Reardon does not know.
The can has a leak.
A duck has been eating the spilled gunpowder.
The duck alights and lays an egg   starting a fire.
Falls like a hand grenade.
Realizing too late  the Stooges manage to arrive just to save the chief s daughter from the flames.
The blaze is coming.
They are heading.
Corrigan had recently returned from Floyd Bennett Field in Brooklyn  New York to Long Beach  California.
He bypassed it  and headed to Ireland.
<EOS>
Students Dieter and Sonja   attend a masquerade.
Who are a couple.
Dieter confuses young Siegi and dances with her.
He can not forget her.
She is not Sonja.
Sonja  bitter and jealous  starts an affair.
The two new couples go.
Where they encounter each other several times while enjoying the local attractions.
They all resolve to marry their new partners.
Only  do.
When they are headed.
They realize their behavior was motivated.
They again switch partners  Sonja marries Dieter and Siegi marries Edy.
<EOS>
Opening shortly  the film focuses on landmark events in the lives of the working class Gibbons family.
They settle in South London.
The household includes Frank  his wife Ethel  their three children -- Reg  Vi and Queenie -- his widowed sister Sylvia and Ethel s mother.
Living next door is Bob Mitchell.
Who served in the army.
Frank finds employment.
The country adapts  the family attend a number of events  such as the British Empire Exhibition held at Wembley in.
Reg becomes friendly.
Who is attracted.
Queenie is pursued.
She longs to escape the suburbs and lead a more glamorous life elsewhere.
Reg is injured in a brawl in Whitechapel Road.
Vi blames Sam   but eventually her anger dissipates.
Who had brought her brother.
She agrees to marry him.
Charleston dance mania arrives in England.
An enthralled Queenie exhibits her fancy steps.
News begins to appear in the newspapers.
All is swept up in the Jazz Age.
Reg marries.
Phyllis and Billy proposes to Queenie yet again.
She confesses.
She is and soon after runs off with him  to the great distress of her mother  who says she can not forgive her and never wants to see her again.
Aunt Sylvia discovers.
Spiritualism  Reg and Phyllis are killed.
Oswald Mosley  founder  tries to stir up anti-Semitic sentiment in the city.
Stanley Baldwin becomes Prime Minister  King George V dies.
Ethel s mother passes away.
Billy  home  announces.
He saw Queenie.
Abandoned  she opened a tearoom to try to make ends meet.
She deeply regrets having left home.
Billy reveals.
He has brought her back.
She and Ethel are reunited.
When her mother forgives her.
Queenie has a baby.
She leaves when she joins her husband in Singapore.
Frank and Ethel  faced  decide to move to a flat.
A ` To Be Let  sign is seen.
<EOS>
Tyler Clarke receives a terse.
There is no response  so Tyler takes the red-eye to New York to seek her sister.
Jessica has disappeared  so Tyler must find her.
Her search leads her void group.
Practices depraved sexual rituals  only to discover that her sister is now one of them.
<EOS>
A film crew comes to a village to make a film about a famine.
Killed five million Bengalees.
It was a man made famine  a side - product.
The film crew will create the tragedy.
Who died.
The film documents the convivial life.
The actors live a double life.
The villagers  both simple and not-so-simple folk watch their work.
But  the recreated past begins to confront the present.
The film progresses.
The uneasy coexistence reveals bizarre connection  involving a village woman -- that of future.
Whose visions add a further dimension.
<EOS>
Kerry Ellison has a good job.
She is happy.
All goes well.
Jack Gilcrest develops an interest.
He starts stalking her -- following her  and writing her sexually tense notes.
Kerry makes it clear.
Times that she is not interested.
Jack s stalking does not diminish.
When Kerry is transferred.
He returns and threatens Kerry so much  she begins to get anxiety attacks.
Kerry s bosses dismiss Jack s obsession as harmless.
Her labor union refuses to deal.
Kerry files a sexual harassment suit.
Who subsequently put her.
<EOS>
Dong-Joo is a quiet guy and a romanticist.
He has nt worked very much.
Dong-Joo lives seems to win the lottery.
One day  Dong-Joo is diagnosed.
Song-Kyung is a 28-year-old bank teller.
She meticulously has a plan.
One day  she is suddenly.
She is diagnosed.
Song-Kyung makes changes in her plans and prepares for her own funeral.
Dong-Joo then meets.
Who seems to be a polar opposite.
Dong-Joo starts to plan out the rest.
Song-Kyung takes Dong-Joo out.
<EOS>
Jane Eyre as a young girl is raised as a poor relation in the household of her aunt  Mrs Reed.
Jane is hired by the housekeeper of Thornfield Hall  Mrs Fairfax  to be a governess for young Adele.
The owner is Mr Rochester.
Who is courting the beautiful Blanche Ingram.
Jane Eyre is left to the care of her uncaring and cruel aunt Mrs Reed.
Jane is ill-treated by her cousins and aunt alike and never feels at home.
She is accused of being bad blood and in an attempt to get rid of her  Jane is sent to Lowood School by her aunt Mrs Reed.
Lowood School is a cold institution.
Jane s only friend dies.
She is left alone once again.
Convinced to become independent  she takes.
She is able to secure a position as governess to a girl at Thornfield Hall.
Here Jane learns.
Her pupil Adele  a French girl  was left.
She is also informed.
The master is seldom at home.
Jane at last meets Rochester.
One night  Jane wakes.
She follows the noise and realizes.
Rochester s room is set in danger.
She wonders.
Jane was able to rescue Rochester just.
Who set the fire and from whom these strange sounds came.
She barely receives an answer.
Who instead leaves Thornfield.
He brings along some acquaintances among.
Whom are the beautiful Blanche Ingram and her mother Lady Ingram.
Rochester receives another unexpected and not wholly welcome guest.
Mason  the guest  is one night severely injured.
Jane is left to take care of Mason in the North Tower.
Once again strange sounds.
Jane is startled from the other side of the door in the North Tower.
Looking. 
Jane receives a visitor.
Bessie informs her and the request to see Jane.
She dies.
Jane asks Mrs Reed.
When her aunt seems unable to recognize her.
She always hated her niece.
Mrs Reed replies.
It was because her husband had loved  even calling out for her on his deathbed.
Jane also learns.
She has an uncle.
This uncle requested to take care.
When she was still a child.
Her aunt misinformed the uncle and told him.
Jane died.
Jane is able to forgive Mrs Reed on her aunt s dying bed.
Away  Jane realizes with more clarity.
Thornfield has indeed become a home  something she never had before.
However  the rumours disturb her.
Is she to leave her beloved Thornfield.
He proposes and is accepted.
These feelings are shared.
Jane s wedding dress is ruined.
Is. 
Her seeing a shadow.
However  Jane is finally told of Rochester s wife Bertha living in the North Tower.
Insanity runs.
She was locked up.
This information is revealed.
Who turns out to be Bertha s brother.
Rochester insists  however Jane leaves Thornfield.
He still loves Jane and offers to live as brother and sister.
Jane is left penniless and.
She succumbs and lies down to die.
She is however rescued.
Who takes her home and nurses her back with the help of his two sisters.
But Jane seems to have lost her memories.
St John Rivers also informs Jane.
When Jane is told.
Jane can not come by St John Rivers and the prospect to live abroad as missionaries.
Jane immediately knows.
She begins to hear Rochester calling her name.
She belongs.
She finds a weakened and blind Rochester and a burnt down Thornfield.
Jane is also told.
He was injured.
Who did not survive.
Rochester recognizes Jane and is very happy to have her back.
The two are married and the entire family - Rochester  Jane  Adele  St.
John Rivers  sisters  two children  and the dog Pilot - gather.
John is away  he is painted on the side of the portrait.
The screenplay does contain minor deviations.
A faithful retelling of the novel.
These include the reduction.
The middle is instead developed.
A few scenes are compressed or moved to different times and places in the narrative.
The scenes surrounding Jane s flight until her gaining of health are treated as a brief flashback sequence  Many pages of text were condensed into a passage of a few minutes  length.
Additional scenes were created.
Underscore the passionate natures.
One occurs during the gypsy sequence.
Rochester hires a gypsy.
Rochester also uses an ouija board.
Was written specifically.
See  Jane Eyre plot summary.
<EOS>
Abram is suspected of being homosexual.
He is not the only outsider.
There are a foreign guest worker and the maidservant Hannelore  who is defamed by the villagers.
The situation escalates and the hysterical villagers try to hunt down Abrams.
When Abrams knifes Hannelore.
<EOS>
The hero  Prince Siegfried  is out riding one day.
When he sees a swan on a lake.
One tries to shoot the swan.
The friend is turned.
Before his arrow flies.
Siegfried s other friend accuses the swan  neither of them pondering the presence of a very wicked-looking owl just behind them.
Siegfried is unable to stop thinking  and decides to follow it.
It swims away.
Siegfried soon finds himself.
Sigfried watches.
The swan transforms.
He approaches her - at first she is frightened and tries to get him to leave.
She starts to tell him her story.
Her name is Princess Odette.
Three years prior she was kidnapped.
Who wanted her hand.
He keeps her a swan.
That no one will fall with her  as the only way Rothbart s power can be defeated is when a man loves her with all his heart and soul.
Siegfried explains.
He already felt something the moment he saw her eyes  and asks her to go to his birthday ball the next night  where he will choose her as his bride.
Sigfried is intent and wo nt take no.
She refuses.
But he convinces her.
She daydreams.
When she returns.
The entire story is being seen.
Who are watching them.
Enter Rothbart.
His daughter Odille tells him.
Rothbart goes to Odette to tell her to forget and consider marrying him.
She rejects.
Turns out she s been with Siegfried for the past three years.
Rothbart is not going to let Odette go to the ball  so he bars the door and lifts the drawbridge to her.
He and his daughter then plot to get Odette to forget Siegfried.
Odille   goes to the ball and wows Siegfried with her dancing.
Sigfriend does feel.
There s something wrong but ca nt quite put his finger.
Meanwhile  Odette manages to escape with the help of the squirrels and runs to Siegfried s castle.
But  Rothbart grabs her  holds and brings her closer.
As Odette is about to storm.
Her mouth shut.
Where she is able to watch but not make a sound.
Thus she watches.
Siegfried pledges his love and announces her as his.
Overcome  Odette faints into Rothbart s arms.
Rothbarts laughter gets Siegfried s attention.
The prince quickly realises his mistake.
Odille reveals her true form and the three transform into their winged shapes and fly back to the castle.
Siegfried follows.
Where the final showdown takes place.
<EOS>
Viraiah s younger son is stolen.
Who abducts children and makes them beggars.
He names him and makes him beg on streets to earn money for him.
The police raid.
Chidambaram and Chotu helps the police to find him.
The police reward Chotu.
This makes.
Chotu realise that he can earn money.
Works for the police and catches hold of criminals and becomes as bounty hunter.
Whom the police are.
He also is.
That he can tell him who his parents are.
He never told him.
Chotu comes.
Getting hold.
Who is a guitar teacher.
Sameera is the sister.
Who works.
Chotu is asked to nab her brother.
Who is wanted for many crimes.
Chotu enters and forcefully arrests him.
When Sameera is feeding her brother.
Chotu and Sameera fall.
Sameera reciprocates her love.
Her brother reels.
Veeraiah s elder son Kailash also works.
Who will be arrested.
Johnny Bhai wants to kill Kailash   fearing.
Who is arrested.
He will reveal his name.
Kailash escapes is in search of him.
The police commissioner also asks Chotu to find Kailash and bag a handsome reward.
Sameera s brother vacates his house and escapes.
Chotu also goes in search of Sameera and finds Kailash there.
He catches Kailash  and Kailash.
Who tells him that the minister was killed.
Johnny Bhai kidnaps Sameera and her brother and threatens to kill them.
Chotu does not hand to him.
The story ends.
Rescuing Sameera and how he meets his parents.
<EOS>
Geronimo had cursed white men  causing people to become zombies.
Later  a man named.
Ben Goodman acts suspiciously and attacks and eats his wife and daughter s brains.
Luke  a cowboy living  plans to marry a saloon girl.
He encounters Elmer Winslow.
Who has just arrived  and discovers that his princess is a prostitute.
He picks a fight.
Sheriff Claypool  who owns the saloon  jails them and steals $ 500 which Elmer is carrying.
Is Ben  awaiting his hanging the next morning.
Elmer and Luke escape and lock Deputy Cletus.
Where he is bitten.
Luke and Elmer find the sheriff and the prostitute having sex.
They steal all the sheriff s money and make a getaway.
He is bitten.
When the sheriff releases Cletus.
The next morning hang Ben and assemble a posse to pursue the two fugitives.
Luke and Elmer are ambushed by Sue  Geronimo s niece and has now returned to take her revenge on the soldiers.
Who was kidnapped and taken to be educated.
Who killed her uncle.
They become friends  despite Elmer revealing.
He is an army deserter.
Sheriff Claypool and Cletus  now zombies  attack the other members.
Who also become zombies.
They are ambushed.
Who realise they can not be killed and flee.
Meanwhile  the townspeople cut Ben down  not realising.
Hanging can not kill him.
He attacks the townspeople.
The town s minister manages to escape.
The following morning he climbs out.
Elmer  Luke and Sue are captured.
Who take them.
There they discover.
The posse has arrived first and turned all the garrison.
They discover.
They can kill the zombies.
Sue reveals.
Hiding. 
The only way to be cured is to eat the living flesh of the medicine man who created the curse.
They shoot several cookware objects out.
Elmer tries to punch First Sergeant Kermit  but gets bitten by him.
He becomes a zombie and throws Cletus off the cliff  before biting Luke.
Sue kills Sheriff Claypool  but is then attacked.
The next scene shows Elmer and Luke looking normal again.
The eating also works.
The living flesh cure apparently.
Who created the curse.
Sue apparently tasted.
The duo ride off.
Cletus stands up and chases them.
An epilogue shows.
Ben digging up his family  now zombies themselves.
<EOS>
Raghavan Master  a scion  is now in crisis.
His Tharavadu is devoid.
Balachandran Adiga is his only son.
Who has the burden.
He is aware.
Balachandran s eldest sister Shobha does some tailoring and manges a low earning.
The family is kept out.
Balachandran is engaged.
One Thripran Namboodhiri comes with an offer to marry his niece to Balachandran  thereby agreeing to make him a secretariat staff and thereby save their sinking family.
Sumithra forces Balchandran to risk their dreams.
He is forced to forget his murappennu and childhood playmate Sumitra and is compelled to marry Surabhi  a girl  to tackle the serious economic adversities.
His family faces.
Shubha walks out with Adivasi leader Sreedharan on the day of Balachandran s marriage  causing irreparable damage to the family reputation  following.
His mother dies.
Sumithra finally marries a cruel and corrupt police officer.
Who is always doubtful.
Balachandran joins the job at the Secretariat.
He lives.
Who acts all through the corruption-filled secretariate.
His financial needs also force him to become another corrupt officer.
Who is always.
He deliberately pretends himself to be a bachelor.
Gives space  to make a try in his life.
He has sex and manages the situation well  and with the help of Vimala  climbs the ladder of bureaucracy in a rather speedy way.
Who happens to be the relative.
Is a series.
What follows next.
Turns Balachandran s mind so as to tear off his new life and go back.
<EOS>
Jet is a handsome gay hustler.
Whose sex appeal seems to know no bounds.
Everyone wants to make love.
He is.
Things change drastically.
When he notices what seems.
He falls in love with Sam and begins following the two around.
Jet s friend Ching   runs a personal  imploring Sam to contact Jet.
Who is also a hustler.
Jet is angry with Ching for not asking him.
His wrath subsides is an outcome.
When indeed he meets Sam again.
Sam turns out to be a police officer.
Jet starts to befriend Sam  hoping.
This will turn.
But Sam does not seem to notice Jet s intentions.
Unbeknownst had a homosexual affair with pop star K.
S.
Five years earlier.
Ching had been in unrequited love with Sam.
When the two were still office workers.
Ching comes  instantly recognizes Sam as Fai and is furious with Jet for stealing his beloved.
When Jet and Sam are there.
Sam runs back.
Jet pursues him.
The two kisses.
They were interrupted.
Later  Sam believes the person to be his father.
Unwilling to face his father s disappointment  he suicides.
Jet lives on  but receives a letter knowing.
Sam has loved him.
<EOS>
His wife Ryoko is raped.
Who use her body to pay off his debts.
He hires a prostitute  Nami  to go to a love hotel with sex and suicide in mind.
<EOS>
Frank Castle wakes up and exits his van to get his laundry done.
He witnesses a street gang stop and confront three prostitutes before Goldtooth  the gang leader  takes one of them to a back alley and rapes her.
Frank minds his business and places his laundry in a washing machine.
Minutes later  a boy named harassed.
DeShawn crosses and is.
Goldtooth offers him an opportunity to sell drugs.
The gang members begin to mug him.
When DeShawn refuses.
Frank walks across the street to get a bottle of.
There  a handicapped store clerk named.
Big Mike tells him that two years ago  he witnessed a similar situation and wound up crippled.
Frank pays and buys a bottle of Jack Daniel s.
He uses to club the gang members.
He breaks Goldtooth s right arm and legs before asking him.
What the difference is while pouring the whiskey on him.
He then pulls out a lighter and places it before returning to the laundromat.
The battered prostitute returns.
Frank walks back with his laundry.
DeShawn approaches him to return a.
He dropped.
Frank tells him to keep it.
The boy unfolds the shirt to reveal the Punisher symbol.
Frank drives off.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Who appears to be being tormented.
Heading  she curses the hidden tormentor and refuses to give them the satisfaction of seeing her hang herself  but  the stool beneath her is kicked away  leaving her to die.
She tries to remove the noose.
Miles away  Sara s twin sister Julia collapses  sensing something amiss with her sister.
Julia and her husband Isaac find Sara hanged.
The police suspect no foul play  deciding.
Sara was depressed.
Julia  however  is unconvinced  believing  a song her sister apparently hated.
Somebody else was at the time of Sara s death  after finding Dusty Springfield s ` The Look of Love  in Sara s record player.
Was not Isaac s.
The ` invisible man  who played a hand is nearby.
Soledad  Julia visits the Baumann Centre for the Blind to learn more about Sara s life shortly before her death.
She wanders and overhears a group of women discussing her sister.
She learns.
Sara had a boyfriend.
They ask  confused  she tells them.
When the blind women sense her presence and surround her.
Who is the man that entered.
She came alone.
Only glimpsing the man s shadow  Julia chases him  but he escapes her.
He flees.
The stress causes an attack.
Returning  she finds a mysterious key and the receipt for Sara s stay in the Hotel Bella Vista before being confronted by Isaac.
Who berates her and is concerned that the stress will cause her sight to deteriorate faster.
Julia persuades him to spend the night with her  claiming.
She wants to take their minds.
They travel.
There  Julia finds slip.
The details have been apparently cleared from the hotel s records  though a waiter mistakes her for Sara and lets.
Her sister s eyes were covered during her stay.
Julia confronts Isaac  - thereby ruling out suicide  - had failed.
Who tells her that their doctor had confided that the operation Julia believed Sara was waiting for in the hopes of regaining her sight.
Her sister was waiting.
Julia suffers another attack of blindness and is nearly hit by a car.
Which Isaac is distraught as he realises his wife s vision is rapidly failing her.
They reconcile and make love.
The following morning  Julia is approached.
Who warns her and informs her that the parking lot where Sara s mysterious boyfriend kept his van was under 24-hour surveillance.
Julia s eyes are examined.
Her doctor informs her.
She may only have weeks or months left before she goes blind.
Julia persuades Isaac to go to the parking lot.
Where Sara s boyfriend s van was kept.
Julia waits  however  he does not return and Julia ventures into the dark parking lot alone.
Isaac goes to collect the tape.
The guard confirms.
Isaac entered and took the tape.
He has not been seen.
A sudden power cut plunges them.
Camera cables have been slashed.
When the lights come back.
Julia is convinced.
The ` invisible man  stole the tape  sabotaged the cameras and has kidnapped Isaac.
The police are skeptical.
Returning to question the janitor  they find  however  the police declare it accidental.
Him electrocuted from a fallen light above the water.
Isaac s credit card is found to have been used  however   another power cut sends Julia stumbling through the darkness  brushing against.
When Julia and the inspector return.
What appears to be a man.
Where Sara died.
Upstairs  the inspector finds.
A note left  before being alerted by Julia s screams.
Isaac s corpse is found swinging - her vision has gone completely.
When he arrives.
Where Sara died.
The police inform a grieving Julia.
The note found was written in Isaac s hand  declaring that he could not live without Sara  with whom he had been having an affair for six months.
However  an eye donor is found  so the operation to save Julia s sight goes ahead.
She is told.
She must wear bandages to protect her eyes  and returns to Sara s house despite her doctor s protests with a day carer  Ivan  to assist her.
Strangely  the key   has disappeared.
She found.
She believes was left.
Julia is plagued by disorientation and nightmares.
Convinced that somebody is lurking.
Ivan s patience and coaching help her regain her independence.
A starlit dinner culminates.
Days before Julia is due to remove her bandages.
Which Ivan leaves hurriedly.
That night  an unseen man almost succeeds.
She sleeps.
She sits upright.
Terrified  she flees.
Who makes advances.
She turns to escape his house.
She had lost hanging.
Blasco is the ` invisible man.
Who finds her hiding outside and escorts her to his apartment.
Lia tells Julia to meet her before Ivan returns.
Conflicted  Julia goes.
Where  four days early  she tears off her bandages  desperate to see if Lia s word is true.
A sudden bang causes Ivan to come looking.
She replies.
She heard it as well but did not know what it was.
Ivan heads out momentarily.
Julia exits the bathroom and sees.
Ivan s walls are covered.
Ivan returns.
She pretends.
She is crying because her operation has failed.
She is blind.
He believes.
She swaps her drugged tea for his  however  he guesses.
What has happened and leads her.
Julia s scream betrays the fact.
She can see the corpse.
Her ruse is over.
Terrified  Julia suffers another attack.
Ivan has driven Julia back.
When her vision returns.
Where she escapes and flees.
` Ivan  pursues her and addresses Soledad as ` Mama   revealing himself as her missing son angel.
A candle and pair betray the fact.
Soledad is not in fact blind as she knocks Julia out  at which an enraged angel almost strangles his mother and injects her eye.
Julia awakens.
Where angel tells her he.
Long as her sight is gone  since blind people are the only ones who sense the existence.
Julia steals his knife and stabs him  before fleeing.
Julia finds all the doors and windows locked.
He chases her.
She calls the inspector to ask.
Angel cuts the telephone cable.
She cuts the fuse and plunges the house into darkness.
Angel hunts Julia through the house and finally pins her down to strangle her.
Julia desperately reaches.
His dropped camera as he lifts the knife to stab her.
She blocks the stab.
The police arrive.
Julia breaks free.
She uses a flashlight to show the police a bloodied angel hiding.
Finally visible  he is defeated  and slits his own throat.
Julia is told.
She will not see the dawn.
Using her last few hours  she goes to say goodbye to Isaac s corpse.
Where it is revealed that he donated his eyes.
<EOS>
The film centres.
He is currently going steady Sharon.
Whose best friend Vera just happens to have the hots.
However  Matthew is gay  and dropped out as a means of escaping the abuse of the classroom  only for the discovery of his collection of soft-core gay porn to cause him problems at home as well.
Matthew is an ardent swimmer - an opportunity to immediately use and confront an obvious stereotype.
Phil is torn.
Whilst he loves Sharon  he equally has feelings.
He tries to have it both ways  introducing the one - prompting Vera to describe him as a little worm.
When Sharon runs off.
Tired at home  Phil and Matthew decide to elope to the coastal resort of Seaford on the Sussex coast.
Sharon follows him  determined to regain her fella.
The film has two endings.
Phil returns to Matthew at the beach.
They run together.
The film was re-released with an ending.
Where Phil appears to leave.
Matthew decides.
Life must go on and that he is his own person.
<EOS>
Opening remarks are used to establish the film s direction and mood.
Introductory scenes quickly dissolve.
The setting is.
Where waters cascade.
Superimposed are dissolving scenes of American conflicts from the American Revolutionary War through Desert Storm.
A glass-like figure materializes from the fog and walks toward the camera.
It assumes the features and flesh tones.
It draws closer.
Who states   I have observed one truth  that no people can be bound to acknowledge the Invisible Hand which conducts the affairs of men  more than the people of the United States.
Every step seems to have been distinguished.
Which they have advanced.
Washington s figure morphs.
Who declares.
I see  Sir  those.
Who say this great American experiment can not work.
They fail  to realize.
Their very right to say that  was paid.
Yet   they are freely willing to forsake the heritage of this nation.
I say  They   deserve neither liberty nor safety.
Can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety.
Franklin turns  transposing into President John Adams  Posterity -- you will never know.
Who proclaims.
Much it has cost my generation to preserve your freedom.
I hope   I shall repent it.
You will make good use.
You do not.
I ever took half the pains to preserve it.
Adams fades  That proclamation  addressing posterity  was spoken.
The Niagara setting dissolves with Charlton Heston addressing the audience.
Adams was one.
He served under George Washington as this nation s first.
His words still ring.
They call  to carry on the tradition of freedom.
Which so many have died.
We are that posterity  and  we have been summoned.
Heston s scene transitions.
A lowering camera reveals vocalist Larnelle Harris  singing  Let Freedom Ring.
Fifty doves released toward the camera.
The song concludes.
One dove trails the others but flies closer to the camera spreading its wings and passing over the lens.
It transitions.
It does so.
The duration provides a continuing narrative of America s founding and evolution from the revolutionary days of 1776 through the 20th century.
Famous leaders from the past are used to speak to the present.
Film and television personalities  guests and vocalists support the production.
The music varies.
Volz   Andrae Crouch and Lee Greenwood.
Both music and commentary are interspersed.
Successive scenes build  moving from the nation s founding to the problems of a 20th century contemporary society.
One dramatic episode originates.
Their settings transition delivering his Gettysburg Address.
The background dissolves.
Lincoln speaks.
The segment ends.
The surroundings dissolve with The Imperials singing the Battle Hymn of the Republic.
Closing scenes contain commentaries  each expressing.
They view America s greatness.
President George H.
W.
Bush speaks last and words  the setting dissolves to one with actor  singer and businessman  Gene Autry.
Autry addresses the viewing audience explaining.
What America has meant.
He recites the Pledge of Allegiance.
Which his scene transitions with President Ronald Reagan articulating farewell remarks to the audience.
Reagan s set dissolves.
Transitions to Liberty Square at the Walt Disney World Resort.
Sandi Patty and a sizable choir sing The Star-Spangled Banner.
A large American flag rises.
A wide shot of the singer  choir and pavilion reveal a massive display of overhead fireworks.
The scene dissolves.
<EOS>
Russia has developed a high-accuracy weapon  a fifth-generation jet fighter  the Sukhoi Su-XX  nicknamed.
Suddenly  one pilot is mysteriously killed.
The FSB discovers.
His death was not accidental.
A terrorist plot is investigated jointly.
<EOS>
The film begins during the English Civil War.
We see a group pursuing a Cavalier s carriage.
The carriage drives.
Where its passengers abandon a baby  named Amber.
The roundheads soon catch up and kill all the passengers and decide to adopt Amber.
The farmers discover.
The film moves forward.
The residents rejoice and celebrate the return of the monarchy.
However the small rural towns and villages remain strictly puritanical.
We see.
Amber has grown and is about to be married despite her protests.
She wants to be more away from the village.
Her dream comes true.
Who she becomes instantly smitten.
She follows the Cavaliers and begs Bruce to let her come with him to London.
Bruce refuses her.
Almsbury also unsuccessfully tries to seduce her.
Amber once again tries to convince to take her to London.
He refuses.
They share a kiss.
Bruce and Almsbury return to seek an audience with the king but are turned away.
Barbra Palmer  the king s mistress  is brought and coldly walks past them.
They see.
Bruce and Almsbury return.
Amber has followed them.
Bruce allows her to stay.
They begin an affair.
Whereby Bruce pampers Amber and takes her to the theatre.
Bruce sees Barbra Palmer alone and goes to speak with her about getting the king to grant him ships for his privateer mission.
Amber is distraught leaving and stops Almsbury from warning Bruce.
The king has arrived.
The king sees Bruce and later summons him to court.
Not wanting his friend to face the king s wrath alone  Almsbury goes.
The king however grants Bruce the ships and requests.
He needs.
He leave.
Bruce and Almsbury return.
Bruce plans.
Almsbury helps him pack.
It would be cruel.
The next morning Amber wakes up to find Almsbury packing up his belongings and returning.
Almsbury explains.
The king gave him back his lands and gave Bruce his ships as Amber races to see it empty.
Almsbury tries to convince Amber to go back.
She refuses stating.
She will marry Bruce no matter what.
Almsbury leaves her and gives her money to keep her from starving.
However Amber is quickly conned out  put in debt and sent to Newgate Prison.
Amber discovers.
She s pregnant and meets Black Jack Mallet  a highway man  who falls in love with her and who helps her break out.
The pair go.
Where Amber gives birth.
Amber soon begins to make a living luring fops.
Where Black Jack robs them.
Black Jack is killed by the king s guard and Amber flees.
She hides.
Where she is discovered.
He gets her work and takes her as his mistress.
The Earl shows an interest in Amber and Almsbury returns to London.
Working. 
He is now married.
Bruce will return any day now.
Captain Morgan also proposes.
She rejects him.
She still loves Bruce.
<EOS>
Daniel arrives.
He intends to stay.
A strange shortage has affected.
La Barra and the fishermen have been sailing far out in hopes of finding new resources.
These circumstances make Daniel s search more difficult.
The villagers have their own issues  Cerebro  the leader of the community  is trying to adjust to the advent of modernity.
<EOS>
A hole has appeared over LA causing all sorts of ecological disasters.
Birds  whales  insects and people all succumb.
Dr Evan Thorne   finds.
Who has been trying to alert the authorities.
It falls to save this small part of the planet from an environmental apocalypse.
<EOS>
Git Hynes walks into trouble on the day of his release from jail.
He goes to meet his ex-girlfriend Sabrina Bradley.
Who has dumped him.
He learns.
When Git goes to confront Anto.
The latter s gambling addiction has left him heavily.
Git jumps in and saves his friend  but uses a broken bottle to permanently disfigure the ringleader.
Who happens to be the nephew.
Tom French decrees.
Git must work off Anto s debt for his interference.
He is ordered to drive to find French s associate Frank Grogan  and bring him back to Dublin.
Holding Anto  French pairs the reluctant Git with half-wit and heavy handed mobster  Bunny Kelly.
The two encounter mayhem and discover each others  deepest secrets.
Bickering and dodging bullets.
An unlikely friendship begins to develop.
<EOS>
A man tries to play a game to know.
What he s pretending.
<EOS>
The entire House  the ruling family of the United Kingdom in the film  is electrocuted in a freak accident while posing for a family photograph.
A cable became wet.
The British government immediately begins a search led to look for any surviving heirs to.
Whom to pass the crown.
A researcher finally locates a living heir named Ralph Jones  an American.
Ralph  an easygoing slob  works as a lounge singer/piano player in one of the main casinos.
Duncan Phipps and Inspector McGuire watch the performance and applaud.
Ralph discovers that he has been fired and replaced.
Ralph meets.
Phipps and McGuire  who inform him that he is now king  though is skeptical over their claims.
Phipps explains.
Ralph s grandfather  the first Duke  had had a brief affair with a hotel maid while visiting the States.
This affair produced a child  Ralph s father.
But  Ralph is the only surviving Wyndham heir.
His father and grandfather have died.
Ralph is finally convinced.
When seeing the Duke s ring  an exact copy his grandmother claimed to have been given by a prince.
Ralph is flown.
Where he meets Willingham and begins the long period of adjustment instruction intended to turn him into a proper British monarch.
He is schooled in English history and culture and is shown a variety of traditional English dishes  including bangers and mash.
He replies  Spotted dick.
When he is shown spotted dick  a traditional English dessert for which he mistakes the bangers.
Ralph heads for a local strip club  meeting the exotic dancer Miranda Greene.
Ralph decides.
When she is unable to perform and leaves the stage.
He wants to meet her.
She is skeptical.
Ralph proposes.
If he can prove he is  Miranda will go with him.
Ralph s appearance soon proves his claim.
Sir Cedric then gives Ralph pointers  explaining the differences between it and baseball.
Ralph hits the ball a long way and pretends to will it fair.
He then rounds imaginary bases.
He does an imaginary Bash Brothers greeting.
When he gets.
Meanwhile  Lord Percival Graves  Prime Minister Geoffrey Hale  and Willingham meet to discuss Ralph s selection.
Graves is opposed on the throne.
He proposes to declare the Wyndham line and replace it with the House of Stuart  putting himself next in line for the throne.
Hale states.
Jones has royal blood  and that unless Jones commits a grievous error the country will have to live.
Graves decides to use Miranda.
Being offered money to maneuver Ralph  Miranda initially accepts.
She and Ralph continue their relationship  soon beginning to fall.
Miranda returns the money  telling him she wants no part of his scheme  not knowing.
Graves already has pictures.
Miranda decides to break off the relationship.
Order to protect Ralph.
He does manage to make a strong positive impression on King Mulambon of Zambezi during the latter s state visit.
The two monarchs share their concerns.
They have assumed.
Having turned his blue-collar background  Ralph begins accumulating a small but loyal and compassionate following.
Ralph s staff arrange  Ralph soon receives her and her parents.
Him to marry Princess Anna.
He then discovers.
She has an unusually deep voice.
We have nothing.
She has a voice.
We d have sex.
She had her way.
At least the party stinks  says Ralph.
However  Graves has photos passed around at the royal ball  and causes a Finnish company to award a coveted contract to the Japanese.
Ruin any chance of a Royal marriage.
Having failed to realize  Ralph accepts a stern rebuke to set things right.
The role comes with formal expectations  and that he can not rely entirely on his charm or blue-collar background.
The palace staff begins an investigation and soon realizes  Miranda confesses to Ralph her role.
Ralph was set up.
Ralph starts developing his suspicions.
His suspicions are confirmed and had initially refused to accept the role.
When he gets Duncan and learns that Willingham is another heir to the throne.
The next day Ralph addresses Parliament.
Finally adopting the dignified manner and composure befitting a monarch  he publicly apologizes and then informs Parliament.
He has helped work out a deal that will create British jobs.
He then reveals.
Graves has been working to sabotage his succession and has him arrested for violating the Treason Act of.
Finally  he tells the British people.
While he tried his best to be a good king  he admits that his best will never be good enough and that he believes the British people deserve a better monarch.
Thus  he has decided to abdicate his throne  and reveals.
Willingham will succeed him.
Willingham becomes King Cedric I.
Ralph is free to pursue his romantic relationship  along with his dreams of being a rock star.
Ralph bids a tearful goodbye.
King Cedric creates Ralph the third Duke  with a lucrative annual salary  a palace in the country  and a state-of-the-art recording studio.
A few years later  Miranda is sitting  watching her husband perform with his musical group.
The child is identified as Baby Ralph II  suggesting.
He might someday succeed the childless Cedric.
<EOS>
Inocencio Prieto y Calvo receives a letter telling him.
He is the heir.
However   Inocencio has no idea of the contents of the letter.
Inocencio is embarrassed to see.
Waiting to wait on him so he can have the letter read to him.
A customer s young daughter is already able to read while he  a grown man  can not.
He leaves.
He can read them  so that never again will.
He stops by the local bank to ask for a job  having quit his previous employment that morning.
Leaving the bank  he meets  partly to avoid admitting.
Blanca  an attractive young woman newly arrived  and shows her the way to her new place of employment.
He can not read the written address.
The daughter is entertaining her fiance  Anibal.
Who finds Blanca appealing and begins to make advances immediately.
These advances are spurned each time  the final time  Anibal warns her.
She will regret her refusals.
Inocencio gradually learns to read  courts Blanca  and makes both friends and enemies at the bank.
He foils a robbery and then a plot to make him look guilty  the bank manager is so pleased.
He gives Inocencio a 1000-peso reward  which the grateful man proceeds to spend  a traditional regional dress for Blanca to wear in a beauty contest  and new shoes for himself.
Inocencio unwittingly drops the lawyer s letter --.
Going. 
He still has yet to read.
A fellow employee finds the item on the floor.
Anibal and the bank employee conspire to make it appear.
Blanca has stolen her employer s jewels and passed them.
The trial is cut short.
Both are arrested.
When the bank employee discovers Anibal has betrayed him and gone alone to claim the inheritance  leaving the employee to reveal the whole plot.
Inocencio and his friends rush to thwart the attempt and denounce Anibal.
Who is arrested after he arrives to claim the funds.
The film concludes.
<EOS>
The city suddenly witnesses a massive communal riot  claiming 12 people.
Madhukumar  a wildlife photographer witnessing a group  calls up Shankar  the police commissioner and passes the information.
Shankar asks him to wait.
Who would pick him up.
But  it was the same goons.
Who came.
Madhu is brutally murdered.
Joseph Alex IAS  the aggressive and belligerent district collector is suspicious and decides to investigate the case.
He is assisted.
Who also admires Joseph.
Madhu s father reaches out Prasad.
Prasad finds out the body.
The film missing.
This leads.
Jayakrishnan  the MP  with strong international connections  is the main brain behind the massacre.
He planned the communal violence to topple the government.
He along is also involved in several illegal real estate business under the cover of communal violence.
Jayakrishnan   Shankar  the commissioner of police  tries hard to topple the investigation.
Dr Vijay  the police medical surgeon  was found dead on the next morning.
Who conducted the autopsy.
Sanjayaraghavan  a close buddy arrives in Kozhikode to investigate the murder of DrVijay.
Who was also his brother.
Joseph  along finds out the conspiracies hatched by Jayakrishnan along with Vikram Khorpade  a Mumbai based underworld don.
Jayakrishnan meanwhile is appointed.
Joseph Alex arrests Anathashakara Iyer  a left arm.
Who gives out important information.
Jayakrishnan is about to get arrested by Joseph Alex.
Shankar is suspended with immediate effect and is taken away by IB team.
Jayakrishnan  shoots mercilessly.
Who loses temper.
But  he is killed by Joseph Alex.
<EOS>
There was a rodent problem.
It kept spreading and eating all the food.
The mayor thought.
It was becoming a big nuisance until the Pied Piper showed up.
The mayor offered to pay him a bag.
What the Pied Piper thought.
He used his pipe to hypnotize the mice to follow him out.
Then  he made cheese  tempting.
The mice to come in.
He disappeared all.
All were in the holes of the cheese.
He got cheated and was only given one gold coin.
When he came back.
The reason was.
The mayor said that he was only blowing a pipe.
Then  seeing  the Pied Piper got revenge and got all to go with him.
All the children were made to work hard and never have fun.
The mayor and the adults thought.
He was bluffing.
It was true.
Then he opened part.
Led with a fun playground and some candy as the Pied Piper.
The children lived happily ever.
<EOS>
Seetha is and is in love with her cousin Vishnu.
Seetha s father Kesava Kuruppu forbids her to prolong this affair.
He wanted his daughter not to marry a man.
Seetha gets married much against her wish.
The couple understand and like each other Seetha.
Loses her husband.
Kuruppu  the determined man  arranges her next marriage.
He is.
Who already had two children.
Seetha had to agree and gets married.
She makes herself happy.
Her husband   dies.
Who was a heart patient.
She had to leave that house.
She manages to get a shelter.
Her father came to know this and realises his false deeds.
Vishnu gets married to Seetha.
<EOS>
A group are having breakfast.
When a psychopath enters  holds them hostage and has a standoff with the SWAT Team.
The film then cuts  showing.
Each character came to be.
The narrative progresses.
Working. 
When the gunman opens fire.
Each character is shown going  individually revealing themes of romance  obsession and desperation.
The film climaxes back  and features a surprise twist ending.
<EOS>
Blade takes place in the fictional land of Jushin  modeled after feudal Korea.
There once lived.
Secret government agents called the amhaeng eosa  who traveled the countryside.
They were charged with finding and punishing corrupt government officials  and bringing justice to the country s citizens.
Jushin has been destroyed  fractured into numerous fiefdoms and kingdoms.
Of which are ruled.
Blade follows the adventures of one of the remaining amen osa  Munsu.
He continues to wander the countryside and deals.
It becomes apparent.
Initially episodic.
The series progresses that Munsu s travels are not random.
Munsu is searching for the man responsible for assassinating his best friend  the king of Jushin  an act.
Led. 
But  he encounters old friends and comrades.
Munsu grows closer.
Who have since switched their allegiance.
It is revealed and is himself partly responsible for the king s death and subsequent fall of Jushin.
Munsu was not always an amheng osa.
The series also uses the exploits of Munsu and his companions to retell various Korean folk stories.
Amheng osa bear bronze medallions  given to them by the king and emblazoned with between one and three horses.
The greater the number  the higher the rank of the amheng osa.
Amheng osa have one horse emblazoned onto their medallions.
Allows them to wield basic magic to fight ordinary soldiers.
The most powerful medallions feature three horses  and allow the bearers  third mahai  to perform summonings and regenerate injuries.
The mahai medallions will also work for normal people  so long.
Their convictions and willpower are sufficiently strong.
Hong Gildong   successfully wielded a fourth mahai medallion.
Both first and second mahai medallions were rendered useless  only third and fourth mahai medallions still functioned.
Amheng osa are also prohibited.
They are allowed a single travel partner called a ` Sando.
Who doubles.
Sando tend to be individuals.
<EOS>
Polly Fulton is the only daughter.
F.
Fulton.
She is involved to lawyer Bob Tasmin  a pleasant  dependable gentleman.
Who has the full approval.
Then she meets brash intellectual Tom Brett.
Who blames many on the rich.
Tom and Polly heartily dislike each other.
She finds him exciting.
Soon Tom and Polly fall passionately and get married.
Tom has a tense relationship.
And  he is not grateful but bitter.
When he gradually realizes that his in-laws are using their connections to advance his career.
Polly is painfully torn.
Whom everyone calls B.
F.
Tom takes a high-level civilian position  doing work.
When World War II arrives.
He can not talk about.
He and Polly rarely see each other and begin to lead separate lives.
Two wartime developments eventually bring the relationship.
Polly hears a rumor.
Tom is having an affair.
And she is stunned.
Bob Tasmin  now a dashing military officer happily married  has apparently been killed on a mission behind enemy lines.
Polly and Tom will finally confront their own problems face to face and learn.
The truth is revealed.
What they really mean.
<EOS>
Akronas has discovered the Geometric Nucleus.
The Nucleus is a device.
Could be a terrible weapon.
Akronas feels.
The Nucleus must be kept at all costs.
He asks his daughter Mila to bring his former student Ator back to help defeat Zor.
When he learns that the evil Zor and his army are approaching his castle.
Mila runs away to find Ator.
Zor s soldiers enter and begin beating Akronas.
Zor angrily sends them away to maintain the image.
Who would only use violence if needed.
Mila is pursued  and is wounded by them  but continues to stagger towards Ator s home.
She arrives.
Ator uses his medical knowledge to heal her wound.
She then is able to convince him.
She is the daughter  and that her father is in terrible danger.
Mila  Ator  and Ator s Asian assistant Thong begin the journey back  facing a variety of dangers along the way  including a group of cannibals  another group determined to sacrifice them to their god -- -- and other soldiers.
Is a huge snake.
Finally they make it back.
Ator uses his knowledge to quickly make a hang glider.
Mila and Thong sneak.
He flies.
Having defeated most  Ator takes on Zor himself and defeats him.
Akronas convinces Ator to let  but  Zor grabs a sword to threaten Ator.
Zor live to face trial.
When Ator steps away.
Zor is killed.
Afterwards  Akronas gives the Geometric Nucleus.
Ator tells Mila.
He has to leave  that his life is too dangerous to share.
Mila says.
She knows Ator must fight evil where ever it occurs.
Ator leaves Thong behind to help take care  and leaves.
He takes the Nucleus.
Where he destroys it.
<EOS>
Astronomer Dr Peter Crawford discovers a comet on a collision with Earth.
He reports his findings.
They think.
It is a joke and refuse to listen.
Ten years later the comet  now called Tycus  is rapidly closing.
But Tycus is not  Tycus is going to impact the moon.
It will be shattered.
Tycus does impact the moon.
The fragments will be pulled.
Dr Crawford begins the construction.
His city would provide a safe haven.
Who would become the beginning after the catastrophe.
A young reporter  Jake Lowe  is investigating the building site.
When he finds out that only a few people get to inhabit the city.
So he requests.
He  his wife and unborn child get to be because he discovered the city s existence.
Dr Crawford agrees.
He also wants his wife and daughter.
They plan to fly Crawford s jet  now in a state of chaos.
News is made public.
Jake finds his wife and gets her.
Unfortunately  someone has already taken the jet.
Jake  his wife  and Crawford s family use a pick-up truck to reach the city.
Tycus then smashes  shattering it.
Crawford s group sees a group of people desperately waiting for the doors to the city to open.
Crawford activates the elevator and walks.
Crawford is grabbed.
They all entered the elevator.
He is forced to stay behind.
The elevator descends.
The debris starts to rain down.
The fragments obliterate every major city  Paris  New York  London  Tokyo  Los Angeles  Moscow  Human civilization is wiped out  Much later after Earth has recovered from the disaster  in the year 2029  a group of people sitting in the Sierra Mountains tell of an ancient world.
Where highways and buildings covered the Earth s surface.
They tell.
Who first discovered the little dot and how that little dot would lead to the downfall of mankind.
They tell us.
The story continues.
Thousands remind us of the new age.
We are shown  The film relied heavily  recycling shots from Dante s Peak  Asteroid  and Air America amongst several films.
The pieces left have formed an asteroid belt around the Earth.
<EOS>
Tony Mareda  Jr.
A former Olympic athlete turned world s greatest private detective  is driving.
When he is attacked.
Chased  Tony ducks into the local drive-in theater.
Where he is followed.
A pink meteor roars overhead and crashes  causing the townspeople to rush out of the theater to look for it.
Tony hunts down and dispatches the hit men amidst the parked cars.
However  the women begin to hear a ringing sound coming.
The young couples search the woods.
Turns them.
The women defend it by seducing the men.
One.
Who avoids the effect.
Who is too engrossed to notice the attempts by his temporarily-aroused girlfriend  librarian Mary Ann Kowalski  to come onto him.
The next morning  the local authorities discover an empty crater.
Where the meteor landed.
Who went looking in catatonic states scattered throughout the woods.
Facing a challenge  the mayor of Beamsville orders happened to the men.
The town deputy to enlist the help in finding out what.
That evening  however  Clip goes  the sound transforms all of the women watching the broadcast into sex-hungry servants of the meteor.
It emits.
The women incapacitate a key witness and take over the local television station.
Tony begins his investigation.
Escaping the women  Clip joins Tony  the mayor  and other townspeople in forming a posse to hunt for the meteor   Clip encounters his scantily-clad girlfriend.
They search the woods.
Who nearly incapacitates him before Tony is able to render her unconscious using chloroform.
Tony and Clip go back into the woods and track the meteor to a cave.
They escape a group.
Who arrive to worship it.
Their effort to drive is frustrated by a roadblock.
They return to Beamsville to find.
The women s takeover is complete  with the remaining men wandering the streets in dazed stupors.
Clip attempts to discover.
To defeat the meteor.
Tony is also subdued.
Who knock him unconscious when they blast apart the town jail.
Where he takes refuge.
Tony is awakened back by Mary Ann.
Who announces that the meteor  which she refers  has chosen him to be the father of its offspring.
However  the cave wall is flooded -- the meteor s weakness.
The meteor draws Tony.
Which he is chained collapses and the chamber.
Tony and Mary Ann work together to push the pulsating rock  destroying it and returning the controlled women to normal.
It is washed out.
<EOS>
Injured  Colin arrives home to the house only to find it empty.
He shares.
He is attacked  now a zombie.
Cleaning his wound.
He manages to kill Damien  but soon afterwards becomes a zombie himself.
Now one  Colin wanders the streets of London during the onset of a probable zombie apocalypse.
He acquires the usual zombie cannibal taste but avoids conflict.
He is seen.
Being mugged.
That evening zombies invade a house party and kill everyone.
Colin follows the sole survivor.
She is trapped with a group of blinded zombies.
Linda and a friend finally capture Colin and take him.
Colin can not recognise them.
Linda has already been bitten  and turns into a zombie.
When trying to save him.
She is reanimating she is locked.
Colin and Linda shamble away.
The film also follows a cowering group.
Who finally go.
Led  the humans attack a large group of zombies with a makeshift grenade.
Explodes  destroying most of his face.
Three are bitten during the fight and are brutally killed by the rest of the group after one starts turning.
Colin survives and finds his way Laura s home.
Where the film cuts to when he was still human.
Arriving  he discovered.
Laura had trapped a zombie.
She was bitten and died  before reanimating and biting him.
Attempting to kill the zombie.
He then killed her.
Brings the viewer back.
Michael Brooke  Review  Colin  Sight and Sound  November 2009  1911 .
<EOS>
The first scene shows the life.
They are forced to leave their home.
Order 9066 permitted the exclusion from the West Coast of the United States.
Actual historic footage shows the rounding up.
Of whom were born.
The Nomuras find themselves.
The viewer sees some actual footage  shot by Dave Tatsuno  using a camera.
Had been smuggled.
The elder Nomura had been a professional baseball player.
He rapidly forms an in-camp league.
One is a minor-league baseball player  bitter about having been passed over by a recruiter from the New York Yankees.
Many were off to war  perhaps giving Burrell another opportunity with the Yankees.
Lane Nomura  the oldest son enlists  as a member of the 442nd Regimental Combat Team  the famed Purple Heart Battalion.
One guard  originally condemning the very idea  changes his mind.
He sees a list who had been killed while rescuing a Texas battalion.
Lyle  the younger son  originally angry and rebellious  eventually finds motivation to succeed.
When the Topaz team challenges Burrell and the local minor league team  several of whose members are openly bigoted and hateful.
<EOS>
Maj.
Joe Nolan is the head to retrieve an atomic rocket.
Vanished. 
Their plane crashes.
They find a lone native girl.
Who indicates something fell onto a forbidding plateau that dominates part of the island.
The party reaches the top.
Viewers are subjected  and discovers a lush jungle inhabited by dinosaurs.
One dies during the climb  another is killed by the presumed-extinct animal life.
Four return erupts and destroys the island utterly -- plateau  dinosaurs and all.
<EOS>
Cheryl Draper  an ex-Nazi  sets up the woman to make her seem insane.
She s locked up.
Lawrence Mathews  the woman is released and confronts the killer.
<EOS>
Chicago air traffic controller Jack Harris  though cleared for a major Transair crash  gives up the job to instead design air control software.
Had killed all 174 aboard.
Five years later  his ex-colleague T.
C.
Bryant  meanwhile also transferred  desperately asks him to help out short-term  given desperate staff shortage on New Year s Eve with a bad storm predicted.
A power cut hits.
Colleagues welcome him.
He quickly proves his capabilities.
<EOS>
Identical twins Philbert and Nathan were separated.
Philbert is married with a mistress and a political campaign for President of the United States.
Nathan suffers and has spent his life in a lunatic asylum.
Nathan shows up.
What begins.
A case spirals out of control.
<EOS>
Sandrine  a young businesswoman  becomes dissatisfied.
She quits her job and leaves her boyfriend to embark in hope of finding fulfillment.
<EOS>
S.
Navy Lieutenant Commander Tom Farrell meets a young woman  Susan Atwell  and the two immediately begin an affair.
Atwell is involved.
Farrell rescues a fellow sailor during a storm and becomes a hero.
He is brought back to work at The Pentagon for Secretary of Defense David Brice on the recommendation of his General Counsel Scott Pritchard  an old friend of Farrell s.
Brice  determined to cancel a boondoggle Navy project  decides.
Has powerful political backing.
Farrell should act to the CIA to gather information about whether the Soviets really are working on a similar project.
Farrell finds out.
The other man is Secretary Brice  who in turn learns of Susan s infidelity.
Brice slaps Susan  knocking her off an indoor balcony to her death.
Demanding the name.
Ready to turn himself  Brice is persuaded by Pritchard to cover up everything and blame it on someone else.
They concoct a story.
Susan s other lover was a long-suspected but never confirmed KGB sleeper agent code-named Yuri.
They focus all attention on an attempt to capture him.
Confident  CIA director Marshall dismisses the possibility having an affair with Susan  saying.
Yuri does nt exist.
Pritchard is homosexual.
Brice appoints Farrell to lead the investigation to find Susan s other lover  placing him.
Could implicate himself.
The only forensic evidence is a discarded Polaroid negative recovered from Susan s house   and semen found in Susan s vagina  though mentioned  it is not pursued in the film.
Requires lengthy computer processing to become visible.
PCR analysis was not yet in common use.
Farrell pleads to slow down the processing  and tells him about Susan and Brice.
Meanwhile  Farrell sets.
Brice was involved by searching computer files for evidence that Brice gave Susan a government-registered gift he had previously received from Morocco.
Pritchard harasses Nina Beka  a close friend  by threatening deportation back to South Africa  then sends covert assassins to kill her.
Farrell rescues her just.
A suspicious Sam goes to Pritchard.
What Farrell told him.
Realizing  Pritchard shoots and kills him.
Sam can implicate Brice.
Farrell obtains the printout.
Him becomes visible.
Who then shifts the blame  arguing that Pritchard was jealous of his relationship with Susan.
A devastated Pritchard commits suicide and is falsely exposed to the police by Brice  hoping to escape blame for Susan s death.
Farrell   is finally able to leave the Pentagon.
Who is free.
Two plainclothes men arrive and take him away.
Farrell sits.
One is Farrell s landlord.
Who addresses Farrell.
Farrell   is in fact the real Yuri.
Who responds.
His landlord is his KGB supervisor.
Yuri/Farrell was planted.
S.
As a teenager and became the KGB s mole.
Aware assigned Farrell to seduce the Secretary of Defense s mistress and gather intelligence from her.
Farrell refuses and leaves  He will return.
His handlers demand that he return.
Where else does he have to go.
<EOS>
The film opens.
He grudgingly obliges and begins to get engrossed.
Robinson Crusoe is a Scottish gentleman.
He accidentally kills his lifelong friend Patrick.
Patrick s brothers arrive and threaten Crusoe.
His page manages to buy time.
Fleeing back  Crusoe subsequently ends up leaving for a year.
That Mary can attempt to smooth over relations.
Crusoe joins the merchant marine transporting assorted cargoes.
He chronicles the ship s journeys.
A typhoon shipwrecks him.
He buries other crew members.
Who had washed up.
The next day he headed.
Had beached itself.
He salvages tools  supplies and weapons.
Crusoe also frees the captain s corgi Skipper.
Crusoe begins to acclimate himself while hoping for a passing European ship.
One day a ship finally appears.
Crusoe notices it too late to be rescued.
Crusoe resolves to acclimate himself  building a shelter and growing food.
One day he hears ominous drums and human voices.
Investigating the noises he finds a tribe.
Have been sacrificed Crusoe intervenes by firing his weapon.
Allows the third prisoner to escape.
Later he meets the escaped native and attempts to befriend him.
Cultural and language barriers prevent him.
They are attacked.
He witnesses the native cut out the heart and calls him a savage heathen before fleeing to his shelter and preparing a defence.
Days later Crusoe falls.
Crusoe communicates the danger and potency on a bat.
Allows them to begin communicating.
He names the man Friday and has himself referred.
Friday has learned the basics of English  but  Friday refuses.
When Crusoe attempts to convert him.
An argument ensues.
Friday separates himself.
Missing the companionship  Crusoe attempts to make peace.
Reunited  the two set a trap.
Who attempted to sacrifice Friday before.
Once they arrive Crusoe lights a fuse leading.
Skipper chases and also dies in the explosion.
Crusoe gains a deeper appreciation for Friday s religion.
Later Crusoe decides.
They must leave the island due.
Friday mentions.
He has heard.
He says.
He can not take Crusoe because he is considered dead for being a sacrifice.
He can not go.
The Europeans enslave his people.
Friday subsequently learns.
Master is not Crusoe s real name.
An indicator again leaves Crusoe.
Who subsequently attempts to build a canoe to get by himself.
A typhoon arrives.
Crusoe has nearly finished his boat.
Friday returns and accepts.
Crusoe had decided not to make him a slave.
The two attempt to salvage their crops and wildlife.
The typhoon destroys them - as well.
The pair set traps to defend the island  but expect to die.
The tribesmen arrive.
Crusoe and Friday manage to defend the island.
Crusoe is shot.
Friday decides to try to save Crusoe.
Friday s tribe capture Crusoe  believing him to have come to enslave the people.
They force Crusoe to fight Friday.
Friday is about to land a killing blow.
When he is hit.
But Crusoe was very upset and got angry.
Friday was his friend.
A European scout party rescues Crusoe and returns him.
Where he is reunited.
<EOS>
Shing is a man.
Who desperately attempts to hold.
Who had a dream.
Whose marriage is failing.
Shing s machoistic ego overrides any reasonable logic.
Forces Lin to leave Shing repeatedly.
Shing is left with nothing but his son .
Hoping to pay back loansharks  Shing turns to his loving son .
Who has somehow retained his filial loyalty.
Shing forces his struggle of survival onto his son  Lok-Yun  through thievery and tests the strength of loyalty and the boundaries of trust in their father-son relationship.
The bond of love is threatened with Shing s unrepentant ways.
<EOS>
He is a naive virgin easily flummoxed.
When the young Iris Murdoch meets fellow student John Bayley.
Decades later  little has changed.
The couple keeps house.
However  the devoted John struggles to become her caretaker.
When Iris begins experiencing forgetfulness and dementia.
His wife s mind deteriorates.
<EOS>
The film is centered  it is implied.
They are veterans but revealed that they are currently in a mental institution.
The first man is paranoid.
A vine-like tendril emerges.
The conversation progresses.
The second shows no emotion.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
Their entire haul is counterfeit.
Lupin recognizes the distinctively high quality counterfeit bills as a thief.
When he was almost killed.
He decides to seek out the source again.
The two head off.
They rescue a young girl being pursued by a gang of thugs  with her and Lupin falling off a cliff while escaping.
Lupin is knocked unconscious.
The girl captured  but she leaves him a distinctive signet ring.
Lupin later discovers.
The girl  Clarisse  is the princess and is to be married to the Count  the country s regent.
The Count wants to cement his power and recover the fabled ancient treasure.
Which he needs both his ancestral ring and the princess s.
Lupin calls on Goemon Ishikawa XIII to help him and Jigen in their new quest to rescue the princess.
He also tips off his longtime pursuer  Inspector Koichi Zenigata.
Zenigata s presence and a party give Lupin enough cover to sneak.
There he finds his former lover  Fujiko Mine  posing.
She tells him.
Where the princess is being held.
Lupin makes his way  returns her ring  and promises to help her to escape.
The Count ambushes them.
He can act.
An oddly unperturbed Lupin is dropped down a trapdoor.
The returned ring turns out to be a fake  left as a practical joke as part of his plan to be delivered into the area.
He wants to investigate.
Infuriated  the Count flushes him deeper.
Are full.
Lupin bumps.
Down there.
Who was accidentally dropped down earlier.
The two form a pact to help each other escape.
They accomplish.
Their escape leads them -- the source of the counterfeits.
Zenigata wants to collect evidence.
Lupin points out.
They must escape the castle first.
They start a fire and steal the Count s autogyro.
However   Lupin is shot and seriously wounded.
They attempt to rescue Clarisse.
Clarisse offers the ring.
The Count s attempt at betrayal is foiled.
When Fujiko s quick actions allow her  Lupin  and Zenigata to escape.
Zenigata tries to convince his superiors to prosecute the Count for counterfeiting.
Lupin is convalescing.
Fearing political repercussions  they halt the investigation and remove him.
Meanwhile   Lupin vows to stop the wedding and rescue the princess.
Fujiko tips off Lupin to sneak into the castle  and makes a plan with Zenigata to publicly reveal the counterfeiting operation under cover of pursuing Lupin.
The wedding appears to go as planned.
Lupin s ghost disrupts the ceremony.
The Count calls his guards.
Lupin makes off.
Meanwhile  Zenigata and his squad arrive.
The detective leads Fujiko  posing  to the Count s counterfeiting facility to expose the operation to the world.
Lupin and Clarisse flee the Count  the chase ending.
Lupin is forced to surrender the rings to save Clarisse.
They are both knocked.
The Count then uses the rings to reveal the secret  only to be crushed by the mechanism.
It moves to unveil the treasure.
Lupin and Clarisse watch.
The lake drains to reveal exquisite ancient Roman ruins -- the true treasure of Cagliostro.
Lupin and his friends leave.
Fujiko makes off.
<EOS>
He decides.
When a doctor  Nathan loses a patient.
Being a doctor is nt meant.
He wants to give it up.
He decides to take a vacation  and stay with his father.
He meets Charlie  a young boy  and Meghan  Charlie s teacher.
Volunteering. 
Who has also lost his mother.
Charlie and his father have also just arrived  to work at estates doing chores.
Nathan  searching.
He gave his mother the Christmas she died.
Charlie now has them.
And Meghan  wanting to buy a house  may not be able to.
Nathan learns.
Charlie is ailing.
Meghan has cirrhosis  and will die.
She has a transplant.
It is Charlie.
Who saves her life.
He asks Nathan   to give her the shoes.
Whom he calls coach.
And Robert  Meghan s friend  buys the house.
Meghan names the house after him.
<EOS>
The film centers.
Who comes on a whim.
He encounters Ann Merry Alaine.
Who is going there to open a dress shop.
Owen enters a hotel saloon  and wins a poker game.
When they get.
Who bet his estate.
Comes Boston Grant.
Both begin to fall for Owen.
Owen however has money.
The gold is.
What is revealed he went there.
But the predominantly Union town wants the gold.
The town is split.
Owen leads the Southerners.
<EOS>
An accidental meeting between an actress and a composer  both French.
Leaving her husband and child  cinema actress  driven to the United States  is waiting for her break.
Composer Henri  married  is only in New York to record film music.
They are both waiting to go.
There  they become lovers.
The next day  Henri decides to delay his return to take Francoise to Las Vegas.
Another night later  they hire a care and travel across the US with the intention of heading back for New York.
<EOS>
The story revolves around two brothers Mixalis and Nodas.
Who run a funeral office constantly making plans.
However  Nodas is and owes them a large sum of money.
He suggests to Mixalis to start robbing banks.
Order to pay off his debt.
Things start getting complicated.
When the chief  in order to deal with the rising number of bank robberies  places undercover police officers in every bank in the country.
The situation goes out.
When Mixalis falls with a bank employee who has a rather graphical family life.
<EOS>
Called  Marie Palesi  the actress.
This Is My Blood.
Who plays Mary Magdalene takes refuge in search of the truth behind the myth.
The director   can think of only one thing  self promotion.
Who also plays Jesus.
Television journalist Ted Younger presents a programme about the life of Jesus.
<EOS>
A boy searches for his missing father.
Who fell down a glacial ravine whilst for a rare Burmese butterfly.
To do this  he seeks out the ethnic Rawan guide.
Who was accompanying his father.
<EOS>
The Frake family heads off - each with their own hopes for the trip.
Mother Melissa hopes her pickles.
Mincemeat will beat a rival s.
Father Abel is bringing his prize boar  Blue Boy  to show.
Their son Wayne has a lesson to teach  and is upset.
When his girl ca nt go this year.
And Margy just wants something to pull her out.
Portrayed  It Might as Well Be Spring.
All members have their own adventures in store during their days at the fair  returning to the family camper each evening with their own thoughts and secrets.
Margy spends her days and evenings  will he be the change.
She s looking.
<EOS>
Ollie is living a perfect life  a lovely wife  a beautiful mansion complete -- with a mayoral nomination not far behind.
Ollie calls to transcribe an acceptance speech.
Enter an old flame  aiming to take advantage  blackmail Ollie into giving her hush money  or else present to the press a scandalous picture of her and Ollie  a picture taken during his gilded youth  my primrose days  before I was married.
Ollie s plans are scuppered  They are to have an important dinner party with a judge and his wife.
When his wife enters.
The same time Ollie is to meet the woman to discuss terms.
Ollie then enlists Stan to go over and stall her.
Ollie can get there.
Stan enters the old flame s house that night.
The woman  displeased  calls Ollie on the phone.
Ollie promises to get there as soon as possible.
Stan intercepts the scandalous photograph.
The woman is waiting.
Stan barricades the door with most of her furniture.
This does not stall the woman.
A struggle to keep the woman is witnessed by a busybody of Mrs Laurel.
Who immediately rushes to tell the wife that Stan was going.
Meanwhile  Ollie is thinking to get out of the house.
He feigns running out of cigars.
The butler enters.
He is about to go.
This good deed is met by Ollie.
The butler is paid off to keep mum.
All fail to work.
The old flame eventually arrives.
Ollie tries to pass her off to avoid suspicion by Mrs Hardy.
Ollie produces a gun  threatening to kill the woman and then himself  causing her.
Soon are alone.
The boys attempt to get her out.
They strike  Mrs Hardy returns to see Stan take Mrs Laurel home.
Stan whimpers race back.
When he sees the real Mrs Laurel ringing the doorbell  and the two.
Mr Hardy tries taking the woman out  but the wives are not fooled.
Mrs Laurel  bearing a hatchet  chases.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
The two are.
Vassanth finds the perfect place.
However  the apartment has a horrifying past.
The previous occupant Manju and died.
Who had killed her child and jumped.
Malini learns shortly after moving in and becomes oddly fixated with the story.
Then  a series drive Malini to near madness.
Vasanth becomes helpless and convinced his wife has developed some sort.
He consults a psychiatrist  Dr Ranjan.
His treatment fails Vasanth begins to doubt that his wife is suffering.
The couple s maid believes Malini to be possessed  and calls.
Meanwhile  other seemingly unrelated events take place.
The watchman was gruesomely murdered  one of the residents Ajay is behaving erratically.
A murder occurs.
The Inspector is sent to investigate the murder.
The Exorcist spends time and learns.
Malini is.
Vasanth goes to the Manju s mother.
The Manju takes revenge for her son s death and now wants to kill Ajay.
The mother comes and tells her dead daughter s soul  so the woman leaves Malini s body.
She can not take revenge by making Malini a murderer.
Ajay is lifted and thrown about in front of everyone  including Dr Ranjan and the inspector.
The story ends.
People make him sick and tells him to rot in a jail cell forever.
Manju s spirit appears in front of a terrified Ajay before the credits roll.
<EOS>
Ronnie lives and is the owner of a small company for deep-frozen goods.
Daydreams  contact ads  the firemen s brassband  the weekly visits and his buddy Lars  cynical remarks about air guitar and vinyl-records are the highlights of Ronnie s life.
Already   he had been under the thumb of his control obsessed mother.
Ronnie s feelings are as.
A wonderful being strands in the village.
The local priest hires the young girl   as housekeeper.
Every male of the village is infatuated with her.
Ronnie also falls and  lucky for once  marries her.
However   strange things have happened in the village.
Everybody dies  disappears.
Who tries to search.
Slowly that well-known fear sneaks  man s fear of women.
<EOS>
The Ron Clark Story follows the inspiring tale.
Who leaves his small North Carolina hometown to teach.
Clark is able to make a remarkable difference in the lives of his students.
He offers a chance for her to overcome her situation and become the top student of the class.
He offers an ideal outlet for artistic expression.
Clark continues to work  hoping.
When he is almost overcome.
He can raise their test scores.
However   he finds out.
When Clark returns.
His class did not deliver the goods.
He remains optimistic.
The kids sit.
A few days later  Clark takes the kids to see The Phantom.
Principal Turner reveals.
Clark was regarded as their best teacher.
<EOS>
A melodrama of a handicapped war-veteran writer.
Their marriage is tested.
When the wife is tempted.
<EOS>
Novelist and college professor Larry Donner struggles.
Who stole his book and garnered.
His subsequent obsession drives him half-mad and puts a severe strain on his relationship with his current lover  Beth Ryan  a fellow professor.
Owen Lift is a timid  middle-aged man.
Who still lives.
Owen fantasizes but ca nt summon the courage to bring his desires into fruition.
Owen is given advice by Larry to view an Alfred Hitchcock film to gain some insight into plot development.
He happens to see Strangers.
Which two strangers conspire to commit a murder  figuring their lack of connection to the victim will  in theory  establish a perfect alibi.
Having overheard Larry s public rant  Owen forms a plan to kill Margaret  believing.
He wish his ex-wife dead.
Larry will   kill his mother.
He tracks Margaret down and follows her onto a cruise ship  apparently pushing her overboard.
She tries to retrieve an earring that fell out.
Owen returns.
To tell Larry and that Larry now owes him the murder of his mother  lest he inform the police that Larry was the killer.
Larry panics.
He lacks a sufficient alibi.
That  along announcing  convinces Larry.
The police suspect foul play.
He s the prime suspect.
He decides to stay in an attempt to hide from the police.
Larry meets Mrs Lift.
He refuses to kill her.
Eventually   Larry finally relents and agrees to go through.
When Mrs Lift drives Owen.
The first attempt involves Larry smothering Mrs Lift.
Owen is.
Larry backs down.
When he sees her eyes open  and narrowly avoids being seen.
The second attempt involves Larry pushing Mrs Lift through the door  but it fails.
Owen earlier loosens.
It stays still.
Larry tries the trap  but it is sprung.
He is apparently killed.
Owen tries killing Mrs Lift himself by blowing a trumpet in her ear to give her a heart attack.
The noise wakes Larry up.
They both inspect Mrs Lift  but she suddenly wakes up and knocks Larry out.
Eventually  Larry flees the Lift home.
When Mrs Lift recognizes him.
He boards a train and  surprisingly  Owen and Mrs Lift come along so as to avoid having to lie for him.
Larry s patience with Mrs Lift reaches its pinnacle.
When she impolitely gives him advice.
He follows her.
Owen begins having second thoughts and gives chase.
Mrs Lift falls from the train but is rescued by Owen and a repentant Larry.
Mrs Lift is grateful.
Unappreciative help and kicks him  resulting in him losing his balance  landing on the tracks  and breaking his leg.
Larry discovers  she simply fell overboard by accident and was rescued by a Polynesian fisherman.
Margaret is still alive.
Whom she has decided to marry.
Much learns.
Margaret plans to sell the rights for $.
5 million dollars.
Larry chooses to free himself of his obsession with his ex-wife and instead focus on his own life  thereby freeing him of his writer s block  making him a happier man and mending his relationship with Beth.
A year later  Larry has finished a novel.
Owen visits and informs him.
His mother has died and that he s going.
Owen reveals.
His book is also together.
Thinking  an enraged Larry proceeds to strangle him  but stops.
His book has been scooped once again.
When Owen shows him the that book is a children s pop-up book called  Momma  Owen  and Owen s Friend Larry.
Months later  Larry  Owen  and Beth holiday together  reflecting on the final chapter of Larry s book.
Larry s and Owen s books have now become best-sellers  making them.
<EOS>
The film depicts a conversation in a chic restaurant in New York City.
The film s dialogue covers such things as experimental theatre  the nature of theatre  and the nature of life  contrasting Shawn s modest  down-to-earth humanism with Gregory s extravagant spiritual experiences.
Gregory is the focus.
He describes some since he gave up his career as a theatre director in.
These include working Jerzy Grotowski and a group of Polish actors in a forest in Poland  his visit to Findhorn in Scotland and his trip to the Sahara to try to create a play based on The Little Prince.
Perhaps Gregory s most dramatic experience was working on Long Island.
Resulted. 
The rest is a conversation.
Shawn tries to argue that living life as Gregory has done is simply not possible for the vast majority of people.
Gregory suggests.
What passes for normal life is more akin to living in a dream than it is to real life.
The movie ends.
Shawn reminisces ride back home about his childhood and mentions.
When he arrives he tells his girlfriend Debbie about his dinner with Andre  as Erik Satie s Gymnopedie No.
1 plays.
<EOS>
Six members of pilot Ted Stryker s squadron are killed due to a command decision made by him.
Years later   a guilt-stricken Stryker goes through many jobs.
His marriage is.
Stryker finds a note and rushes to the airport to board a commercial flight.
His wife Ellen is with young son Joey  leaving him for good.
He asks.
Ellen explains.
She no longer can love a man she does not respect.
The flight is routine.
Stewardess Janet Turner begins the meal service.
Meat or fish is the option.
A doctor aboard determines.
When a number begin feeling sick.
There must have been something toxic.
The stewardess and doctor discover.
Attending. 
Both the pilot and co-pilot have also become seriously ill.
No one is left to fly the plane.
Stryker is the only one.
He has not flown and has no familiarity with aircraft of this size.
Flight 714 must bypass Calgary and continue on toward Vancouver.
It can land.
Stryker s superior is summoned to instruct him.
To land the plane.
Ellen joins her husband.
Ordered to remain airborne  Stryker makes another command decision to bring the airliner down.
Passengers will die if they do not get soon.
The plot line served in the 1980 parody film Airplane.
<EOS>
A woman realizes.
She is being watched by someone.
That person makes threatening calls.
She reports it.
Who do nt take her seriously.
<EOS>
The KGB plants a nuclear device.
They threaten to detonate it  thereby contaminate 50.
Israel withdraws its settlements.
The fact is unknown.
The KGB is.
The American president contemplates starting a war.
Order to save the world.
A CIA agent codenamed.
The Soldier  working  is assigned to the case.
He contacts the CIA director in Berlin.
Russian agent Dacha tries to have him terminated.
He then enters the Israeli embassy.
He and his team start cooperating with the Israeli Mossad  represented by their director of covert operations Susan Goodman.
The Soldier threatens to nuke Moscow  and forces the Russian KGB to dismantle their device.
When the four agents gain access.
<EOS>
David Huxley is a mild-mannered paleontologist beleaguered.
He has been trying to assemble the skeleton of a Brontosaurus but is missing one bone.
To add  he is about to get married to the dour Alice Swallow and must make a favorable impression upon Mrs Random.
Who is considering donating one million dollars.
The day  David meets Susan Vance by chance on a golf course.
She is a free-spirited young lady and  unknown at first  happens to be Mrs Random s niece.
Susan s brother are Old World animals.
Mark has sent her a tame leopard.
Brazil is jaguar territory.
Named Baby.
She is supposed to give.
Susan believes.
David is a zoologist rather than a paleontologist.
She is very persistent.
Includes singing I Ca nt Give You Anything But Love which Baby likes.
Complications arise.
Susan decides that she has fallen with David.
She endeavors to keep him for as long as possible to prevent him from marrying his colleague.
Susan s dog George steals and buries the bone.
David is there.
David needs to complete his Brontosaurus skeleton.
Susan s aunt  Mrs Elizabeth Random arrives.
She is unaware.
Who David really is because Susan has introduced him.
Baby runs off.
Does George.
To further complicate matters  Susan and David mistake a decidedly wild and very dangerous leopard.
Has escaped.
They are jailed.
Susan tells him  she refers as Swingin  Door Susie and David as Jerry the Nipper.
When Slocum does not believe their story.
They are members.
David fails to convince the constable.
She is making everything up.
She s seen.
Eventually  Alexander Peabody shows up to verify everyone s identity  Susan   unwittingly drags the highly irritated circus leopard.
Who has sneaked out.
David has to save her  using a chair to shoo the animal.
A few weeks later  Susan finds David   working.
Who has been jilted.
She finally found.
She has gotten her aunt to donate the million dollars.
She climbs a tall ladder beside the dinosaur to be closer to him.
David finally gives up and admits.
Susan climbs onto the skeleton and causes it to collapse.
He can not do.
<EOS>
A group of hikers caught in a storm seek shelter in a cave.
They encounter an anthropologist.
Who interprets prehistoric carvings that introduce the story.
Tumak is chosen to kill a small Ceratopsian.
He wrestles it.
An elderly man falls from a cliff and is left to die.
The hunting party arrives with their prey.
The beast is cooked.
The strongest feed first  next the women and children  then the few elderly pick the scraps.
When it is done.
Tumak defends his portion.
The two fight and Akhoba knocks Tumak.
Tumak awakens to find a mastodon attacking him.
He runs and climbs a tree.
The mastodon rams the tree and knocks it.
Tumak floats miles downstream unconscious and is found.
Her tribesmen respond and take Tumak to their cave.
The tribe gathers.
Is shared orderly.
Tumak awakes and Loana gives him food.
He guards as he eats  perplexing the tribe who share and do not fight.
Tumak looks on  confused.
Meanwhile  Akhoba leads the Rock Tribe but is injured trying to take down a muskox.
A younger hunter asserts authority and takes Akhoba s place as leader leaving Akhoba to die.
Akhoba lies helpless.
Later  Akhoba  crippled  shows up but is treated with disdain.
Tumak adjusts slowly with the Shell Tribe.
He helps the children gather food.
They teach him.
To laugh.
He tries with Loana  but gets frustrated.
Land hunting is not.
An Allosaurus traps a child.
He is fishing.
Tumak uses a spear to kill the monster and save the child  but does not want to return the spear  believing.
He has won the right to claim it.
Later that night Tumak steals the spear and a hammer  and attacks him.
When he tries to reclaim them.
The tribal leader  Loana s father  banishes Tumak.
Loana   follows him  much to his chagrin.
Who has fallen with him.
Tumak pulls apples.
Seeing  he relents and helps her.
She has trouble reaching them herself.
They spot a strange creature.
Chases them up a tree.
Later   they are trapped during a fight between a dimetrodon and a lizard-like dinosaur.
Tumak and Loana reach Rock Tribe territory.
Loana escapes but is menaced.
Who displaced Akhoba.
She blows her shell horn leading Tumak.
He saves her and becomes the new leader.
Tumak has Loana handle the meals   then Akhoba.
Confuses the Rock Tribe  since she feeds the women and children first.
Whom she has sat.
Lastly Tumak and the able-bodied men are fed.
The next day Akhoba comes outside to see his tribe learning to gather fruits and vegetables.
Which are good to eat and which are bad.
Loana and Tumak sit and talk.
Tumak is called away to help hunt a deer.
Loana helps search.
A nearby volcano erupts  scattering the Rock Tribe and destroying their cave.
A child s mother is engulfed  Loana saves the child but is cut off from the others by the lava flow.
She and the child head.
Many animals fall.
Tumak searches but finds only a scrap of her clothing near the lava flow and believes her dead.
Later a Shell tribesman seeks out Tumak and tells him.
Loana is alive.
The Shell Tribe is trapped by a large monitor-like dinosaur.
Tumak orders.
The Rock Tribe women and children to stay behind as he leads his men to attack and kill the animal.
The Shell Tribe hold the beast off.
Tumak s direct attack is futile.
Akhoba advises Tumak to distract the dinosaur.
The rest climb to higher ground.
They start a rockslide.
Kills the beast.
The formerly despised Akhoba becomes recognized.
The two tribes now unite.
Tumak  Loana and the rescued child are framed.
<EOS>
An evil scientist s DNA experiment brings the carnivorous beast to life.
<EOS>
The North-West Mounted Police send Constable Duncan MacDonald and a blackmailed Blackfoot scout to get the Cree to sign Treaty 6 with The Crown.
MacDonald of the Mounted rescues white hostages arrests a murderer  and adopts a Cree son.
<EOS>
The central character Ghooli is an uneducated  rude youngster.
Whom a girl named Ramya accidentally falls.
Ramya continues to keep despite opposition from her family.
He finds.
Ghooli tries to keep Ramya.
He has also has fallen with her.
They marry but separate shortly afterwards.
Later Ghooli hears shocking news  however she is not dead but in a mental asylum due to severe brain damage.
<EOS>
She quickly realizes.
When a brilliant female law student signs up.
She has signed.
<EOS>
The film spotlights the controversial life.
Who has been kicked after another.
She is accompanied.
Eventually  she meets a handsome  young naval officer  Lt.
Dan Brent  and the two fall.
His commander and others plead to leave her.
When Brent vows to marry Bijou.
<EOS>
Miranda Wells is an attorney.
Miranda s assistant  Carla  is unaware.
Rick Benes  a journalist setting out to expose Miranda  poses and takes a job in the office.
Carla stubbles.
Rick Benes pursuit is threatened.
When he becomes infatuated.
Carla is attacked.
Her husband murdered  Miranda is the chief suspect.
Carla disappears  it is clear.
Miranda will stop.
<EOS>
Opening  Betty  a kind and considerate diner waitress  is a fan of the soap opera A Reason to Love.
She has no idea.
Her husband  Del  a car salesman  is having an affair and that he intends to leave Betty to pursue a relationship with the secretary.
She also does nt know.
Her husband supplements his income.
Her husband tells Betty to take a different car.
When she calls to leave a message.
The LeSabre has stolen drugs hidden.
Two hitmen  Charlie and Wesley  show up.
The hitmen torture Betty s husband.
He has hidden the drugs.
Wesley wants to scalp him anyway.
Betty witnesses the murder and experiences a fugue state  escaping the reality into the comforting fantasy of the soap opera.
She assumes the identity of one of the characters in the daytime drama  a nurse.
That evening  Sheriff Eldon Ballard  local reporter  and several policemen examine the crime scene.
Betty calmly packs a suitcase.
She seems oblivious  even with the investigation going on right in her house.
A psychiatrist examines her.
Betty spends the night  sleeping in a child s bedroom with the innocence of a little girl.
She gets into her car and drives off.
Betty s next stop is a bar.
Where the lady bartender talks.
Betty tells her.
She was once engaged.
Meanwhile  the two hitmen are trying to find her.
They have finally realized that she must have the car.
Charlie begins falling with his image of Betty  to Wesley s consternation.
They search.
Betty tries to get a job as a nurse while looking for her long-lost.
She is turned down due but manages to get a job in the pharmacy due to her help in saving the life of the victim of a drive-by shooting.
Betty becomes popular with them and their families.
She ends up living.
Who has had a series.
Rosa learns.
David is just a soap opera character.
She goes to confront her.
Betty thinks and is impervious.
Her friend is jealous.
The lawyer has an idea and supplies tickets.
Where George McCord  the actor portraying David  will be appearing.
Betty meets George.
George is inclined to dismiss her.
Something compels him to walk back and talk to her some more.
He begins to think  so he decides to play along.
Betty is an actress determined to get a part.
He takes her home.
George begins falling with her.
He and his producer decide to bring her  Nurse Betty.
She falls out.
When Betty arrives.
Seeing the inner workings snaps her back into reality.
She realizes.
She is and that the people she thought were real are just characters portrayed by actors.
George confronts her.
Betty walks out.
Now recovered  Betty begins to tell Rosa.
What happened when the two hitmen come.
The killers are.
Who have also tracked her down.
A standoff ensues and kills Wesley.
Which Ballard pulls out a gun and shoots.
Who is distracted.
Wesley is revealed to be Charlie s son.
Charlie   decides not to kill Betty and commits suicide in the bathroom.
George offers Betty a job.
She appears and takes a vacation in Rome.
Betty later plans to pursue nursing.
<EOS>
Kung is the spoiled youngest brother  no job  no education  plenty of money  plenty of girlfriends  and a good home  Lo Leung and Fei  his sister-in-law  and his wise father  Mr Lo.
Whom he shares.
As a cruel but well-executed prank  Leung and Fei will feign a lottery win worth $ 30 million using a useless ticket and a recorded tape bearing the lottery pick from a previous night  all as Kung s birthday present.
Excessive greed causes Kung to fall.
He immediately goes out and hits it off at a night club.
Instead he runs afoul.
Who wants a game.
Kung easily loses $ 1 million  as well as $.
He relies.
Order to pay it all back.
He decides.
When he finally discovers he never won the lottery.
He pulls off quite well.
Then he learns  so he chooses to remain mentally ill.
He gains more benefits that way.
However  he has to learn the true meaning and to take.
What life has to offer but not ask.
<EOS>
The majority of nations prepare for the peaceful colonization of space.
Earth soon to be uninhabitable.
Meanwhile  a minority seek to shape colonization to their own agenda.
Professor John Robinson  lead scientist  plans to lead his wife Maureen  daughters Judy and Penny  and son Will on a 10-year mission in suspended animation to the nearby habitable planet Alpha Prime.
Where they will build a companion hypergate.
The project is accelerated.
Global Sedition terrorist forces attack the Earth hypergate  thwarted  and murder the Jupiter Mission s candidate pilot.
Dr Zachary Smith  a mole employed  reprograms the mission s robot to destroy the ship and crew  but is betrayed by his employers and left as an unwilling stowaway.
When the Jupiter II blasts off.
The ship veers off course and into the gravitational pull of the Sun  with the only option for the underpowered ship to use the hyperdrive and end up in a random  uncharted part of the galaxy.
Eventually  the ship comes and  after entering  encounters an unknown planet  and the Proteus  an abandoned Earth space ship from the future  in orbit.
An investigation reveals.
It is infested.
To escape the spiders  attack  Don reactivates and overloads the Proteus  engine.
Professor Robinson and Major West go out in search of radioactive material to replace the burnt-out half of the ship s core through a strange  growing bubble of unknown origin.
They eventually learn.
The holes and bubbles are distortions  caused by future versions of Will and Dr Smith constructing a time machine in order to return to an earlier time on Earth and prevent the Robinsons from getting lost.
They are all betrayed  however.
Who has become a hybrid on the Proteus.
Robinson battles Spider Smith.
Major West returns to evacuate the other Robinsons.
John stops Spider Smith.
Frees the baby spiders  who then start to eat Spider Smith.
John then pushes Spider Smith.
Where he is torn apart.
Don and the other Robinsons attempt to escape   but are unable to reach escape velocity.
The time machine s warping tears apart the planet.
The ship is destroyed.
Future Will  previously unconvinced  finally recognizes his father s deep love for his family and allows him to take his time portal to back before the Jupiter IIs attempted escape.
Knowing  John commands West to pilot the ship.
The escape velocity plan will doom them.
It breaks up  using the planet s gravity to propel the ship and back into space.
They escape.
The collapsed planet forms a small black hole.
Begins to suck the Jupiter II back.
To escape  the Robinsons once again activate the hyperdrive  blasting off again.
<EOS>
An American Crime alternates.
Lengthy flashbacks described by the witnesses.
16-year-old Sylvia Likens and her 15-year-old sister  Jenny  have   travelled with their parents.
Who work  where Sylvia always felt safe riding the.
She and Jenny now live.
Who recently separated.
Betty reconciles.
They decide to go together.
They agree to leave their daughters.
Whose daughters the Likens girls met.
Gertrude offers to care for their daughters for twenty dollars a week.
The girls settle in.
Their parents leave.
Sylvia befriends Paula  -- Sylvia swears not to tell.
Who confesses to Sylvia that she is pregnant.
Gertrude is upset.
Lester s weekly payment is late  and punishes the girls.
The payment  along  arrives shortly thereafter.
Gertrude throws the letter and says nothing to the Likens girls.
Paula s boyfriend tells her  then hits Paula.
Paula and Sylvia are out.
He can no longer see her.
When she pleads for him to stay.
To stop the boyfriend s attack  Sylvia tells him.
Paula is pregnant.
Paula  furious  vows.
Sylvia will pay.
Ricky Hobbs  a neighbor  observes the scene.
Who is attracted.
Paula tearfully tells Gertrude.
Sylvia has been spreading lies.
Gertrude forces Sylvia to apologize  and has her son.
Johnny hold Sylvia so that Paula can beat her.
Rumors spread.
Paula is pregnant.
Jenny finds the letter  prompting Sylvia to phone them.
The call is cut short.
When they see the Baniszewski children  who tell their mother.
Gertrude believes.
The girls had traded bottles to make the call.
They stole the money and burns Sylvia s hand with a cigarette for stealing.
Andy  the father of Gertrude s infant son  tells her.
Sylvia has been spreading rumors that Paula is pregnant.
Gertrude accuses her.
When Sylvia returns home.
Intending to make an example to her children  Gertrude forces Sylvia to insert a Coke bottle into her vagina in front of them.
Gertrude then orders Johnny and Stephanie s boyfriend  Coy Hubbard  to throw her  and lock her in.
Gertrude replies.
When Jenny asks how long Sylvia will be down there.
She learns her lesson  then tells everyone to maintain the fiction that Sylvia was sent.
Johnny begins to bring neighborhood children  assuring them.
They can join.
His mother said it was all right.
The children visit regularly   to beat Sylvia and burn her with cigarettes.
Paula  feeling guilty  tells her mother and thinks.
She has been praying.
Sylvia has been punished enough.
Gertrude ignores her pleas.
Their pastor visits the Baniszewski home  informing Gertrude.
Paula told him she was pregnant and hinted about Sylvia s harsh treatment.
Gertrude reassures him.
Sylvia was sent away  and as the pastor leaves  she orders everyone into the basement.
Straddling Sylvia  Gertrude begins to carve the words.
I M A PROSTITUTE AND PROUD.
Late one night  Paula helps Sylvia escape.
Awakened  Gertrude tries to prevent the escape.
Paula stops her.
Ricky finds Sylvia and drives her.
Who are horrified.
Sylvia and her parents go immediately.
Jenny is safe.
Sylvia walks and sees her own lifeless body lying on the floor with Stephanie leaning over it screaming.
She is not breathing.
Sylvia closes her eyes and vanishes  revealing her escape and return to be only her vivid hallucination.
She stands watching this.
Ricky calls the police.
Gertrude continues to insist that Sylvia is faking.
Jenny approaches one  saying Get me out of here.
They arrive.
I ll tell you everything.
Jenny tells the prosecutor.
Sylvia never did anything  and adds that Gertrude had threatened her with the same treatment her sister received if she did not keep quiet about it.
She did anything wrong.
Gertrude sits alone.
Sylvia s narration details the punishment.
She sees a vision of Sylvia silently looking back at her.
Gertrude tries to speak  but is unable to get the words out.
The image vanishes.
Sylvia rides a merry-go-round  the one place.
She always felt safe.
<EOS>
Billy Zane s unnamed character drugs a nurse and  disguised in her clothes  escapes.
He robs a loan service but promptly loses the money at a funeral attended by eccentric mourners.
He then sets off to track down everyone present  killing anyone.
Who gets.
<EOS>
Dolores marries Peter.
Her father is killed.
Dolores meets the ship s captain.
They are.
Who is the man who killed her father.
The captain causes an ` accident  to happen  so Dolores is all alone and defenceless.
They drop anchor.
BackGodCountryPK.
<EOS>
Revenge opens with a massive ninja attack on the home of Cho Osaki in Japan  resulting in the slaughter of his entire family except for his mother and his younger son  Kane.
The ninjas attempt to kill him as well.
When Cho arrives and discovers the carnage.
Cho  being a ninja himself  avenges his family.
Afterwards  however  he swears off being a ninja forever and moves to California.
Where he opens a doll gallery.
One night  Kane accidentally drops and breaks open one  exposing a white dust contained therein.
Braden uses the doll gallery.
It turns out.
He tries to strike a deal.
Caifano and Braden can not find common ground and eventually engage.
Braden   assassinates Caifano s informers and relatives to make.
Him cower down.
The police are confused.
Local police martial.
Arts trainer and expert  Dave Hatcher  is assigned to find a consultant.
Dave persuades Cho to see his boss.
Cho attests  but refuses to aid the police any further.
Only a ninja could commit these crimes.
Caifano sends three men to clear the gallery.
Order to avoid payment.
Cho happens to walk  is attacked and responds with hand-to-hand combat.
The thugs are loading the goods.
The henchmen escape in pursuit.
He fails to stop the thieves.
Meanwhile  Braden stealthily arrives to find.
It was just looted.
Cho s mother and Kane both encounter him  Braden kills Cho s mother.
Kane manages to elude him.
Cho  badly mangled  returns to find his mother murdered and his son missing.
Braden hypnotizes Kathy   to find and bring.
Order to finish the last witness.
Who is.
She contacts Cho and informs him both and.
When she recovers her senses.
He is a ninja.
Seeing his only remaining son  Cho breaks his devotion to non-violence and makes his way to Caifano s headquarters to stop Braden.
Braden finds out about Kathy s betrayal and prepares to have her executed.
Kane manages to free himself and Kathy.
The two inform the police.
Braden makes his final assault  killing everyone.
He encounters.
Eager to help his friend Cho  Dave also rushes but is ambushed by Braden.
Who mortally wounds him.
Cho rushes to help his faithful friend.
The latter dies.
The film ends on top of Caifano s skyscraper.
Cho kills Braden and is reunited with his son and Kathy.
<EOS>
The film is a fictionalized biography.
Tin Pan Alley promoter turns serious composer Fred Breitenbach.
Fred Fisher is his assumed name.
Breitenbach is his birth surname.
Many Fisher songs were given a symphonic arrangement.
Was performed.
Heard  Chicago Dardanella Peg O  My Heart.
Were. 
Who paid the rent.
<EOS>
The documentary portrays a behind-the-scenes look  and puts the blame on the Argentine Air Force.
The Air Force has been since the military takeover of General Juan Carlos Ongania in.
The producer/director  Enrique Pineyro  claims.
Argentina and Nigeria are the only countries whose air force controls and regulates the airline industry.
Pineyro  a former Argentine airline pilot  makes his case.
At one point he spills out a bag of plastic airplanes and equates it to the number of planes.
The air force has lost due.
The film is heavily based.
Enrique Pineyro takes his camera  secretly  also-known-as Ezeiza  the international airport at Buenos Aires.
<EOS>
The story revolves around a village named Simulpur.
Is entirely submerged.
The village head or Morol Moshai Harimohan babu is a corrupted  power centric and pervert person.
He announces.
Order to capture the lands.
The family practices witchcraft kills them or force them out of village.
The villagers solely believe.
Lives Babulal.
Who loves his wife Parul extremely.
But Babulal s mother continuously tortures her.
She has nt give birth even after 6 years of their marriage.
She believes and takes help.
Her daughter-in-law is a witch.
He advised gunin to announce her.
Harimohan Babu conspired to capture her father s property.
Jumps. 
The gunin does so  to save herself.
Dr Sen finds Parul lying unconscious and admits her.
Hospital. 
A group of social workers come to the village to free it from superstition.
The doctor informs Parul.
They continue their work to make the villagers aware.
She can never become a mother.
So desperate Parul decides to become a mother.
The villagers realize.
Parul become pregnant.
She was never a witch and that gunin had told them all rubbish.
Ishani accepts.
It all was a plan.
So  ultimately police arrest old Harimohan Babu.
Parul gives birth to a baby boy.
The social worker go back to Kolkata.
The movie reaches its happy ending.
<EOS>
The film is a biopic.
Phule was a social reformer and revolutionary activist.
Born he worked for the upliftment of masses of lower caste.
He was the pioneer in Maharashtra and set up the first school for girls in Budhwar Peth  Pune in January.
<EOS>
He is reported dead.
After Lisa declares that she is leaving her immature  abusive  but easy-going husband Robert.
Secretly still alive  he convinces her to collect his life insurance.
She knows that it s a bad idea.
Lisa must contend.
Involve an aggressive suitor  Robert s jealousy  and her own guilt.
The film takes place primarily.
Lisa is Italian  Robert is American.
<EOS>
Buck Caesar is a paroled convict.
Who makes a contribution.
Jim feels.
He believes.
The publicity will help his uncle.
The superintendent  Krispan  does not want the contribution to lead.
He has been carrying two sets.
He gets a professional hockey team to substitute.
His school will be playing.
His reasoning is.
Buck will place a large bet and lose  thereby getting him angry and possibly violent  which would violate his parole and send him back to prison.
Buck does proceed to get angry and punches the opposing coach and then hides to avoid arrest.
Krispan continues as ruler of the school.
Had deteriorated.
Krispan locks Joey into a freezer.
Buck was around.
He dies.
The other kids revolt and Buck comes out.
The kids capture Krispan and make him go.
Where they convict him to join Joey.
Buck  however  has gone.
They arrive to stop them.
Krispan is punished to prison for violation of parole.
<EOS>
The film tells the tale.
Who live a sheltered life.
It is heavily implied.
Their father abused them throughout the film  believing that they were gifted and home-schooling them whilst practically forcing them to complete recreational activities  such as painting and playing musical instruments  and hurting them either physically or mentally.
He was not pleased.
However have also lost touch and often come up with evil schemes together  their most recent being.
The two sisters have formed a strong bond and are incredibly close.
To lure a young traveller  whom Violet encounters  into their home and seduce him.
It is never revealed  however it is suggested.
They have chosen to do this.
The sisters  especially Grace  want a baby to raise together.
Violet catches the eye.
He is by dancing gracefully.
Enchanted  he abandons his date and leaves  already drunk.
The two return.
Where Violet and Grace flirt.
The next morning  the trio have breakfast together.
Where the traveller introduces himself.
The sisters invite him to stay.
He agrees  clearly having taken a liking.
That evening  he invites her.
Claiming. 
Out  Luke proposes that they run away together  but Violet laughs this off.
He barely knows her.
They would nt be able to manage.
Violet admits.
She wants Luke to fall with her.
He claims.
He does nt do love.
The two share their first kiss on the way back.
The two return home to find Grace sulking.
Who claims that Violet is breaking the rules.
Eventually cheering up  the sisters suggest.
They play the alpha game  an activity in which they attempt to connect after they count him down into the alpha state.
Whilst  Luke experiences visions of the girls  father and becomes disturbed by this  accidentally strangling Grace after waking up.
The next morning  Grace tells Violet.
She wants him gone.
She refuses.
Luke continues to push Violet to leave.
She can not bring herself to even consider leaving Grace.
Later  the two slip away.
Grace demonstrates her archery skills and make love.
They begin an intimate relationship  much.
Whose flashbacks become increasingly surreal and intense.
She begins to lose her mind.
Luke begins experiencing visions as well  and decides to leave the mansion alone.
Violet refuses to come.
Grace attempts to reconnect.
Violet becomes depressed.
She loved him.
Meanwhile  Luke encounters his girlfriend.
They briefly reconcile  however he realises  and decides to return.
That he is.
Grace grows incredibly jealous and begins cutting herself at night.
She is pregnant.
She hatches a plan to seduce Luke.
Violet is out.
Showing minimal restraint  Luke sleeps  but regrets it immediately afterwards and begins to hate Grace.
Who does nt hesitate.
Distraught  Violet runs out.
Luke follows her and apologises.
The two decide to leave there and then  driving away.
Grace watches.
The couple stay overnight.
Where Violet reveals her pregnancy.
Luke concludes.
He is happy and promises to get a job.
The next morning  they begin making their way  however Violet drives back to mansion.
He is asleep.
Luke is furious  he agrees to stay night.
They are back  but after Grace calls a truce.
Violet goes.
Grace tells Luke that she needs him to pose for so she can finish it.
Grace has Luke stand  and begins painting.
She begins to hear her father s voice again.
It is here.
The extent is revealed.
It is confirmed.
Grace is projecting that their father abused them  showing him pushing her into their swimming pool and filming her struggle.
Grace begins crying  gripping the paintbrush and pointing it.
She suffers severe flashbacks.
Tightly that her hand starts bleeding  as well as picking up her bow and arrow.
Having had enough  Luke snaps  telling her  and attempts to escape  knocking over a candle.
She is crazy.
He does so  which sets the paintings alight.
Grace has the same flashback.
Fire grows.
She hears her father s words  possibly proving her telekinesis  and suggesting that this is her final attempt to get rid.
Violet senses something is wrong.
Returns to see Luke die in the fire.
Grace escapes unharmed.
She finally decides to leave the mansion once and.
Violet has a miscarriage.
It is revealed  suggesting.
Grace is now pregnant.
She got what she wanted all along.
The film ends.
Her father appears next.
She has out prepared  but as she walks over she simply opens a window and goes back  suggesting she has finally moved on from her childhood.
<EOS>
Single mother Senga and her 15-year-old daughter Nat are  following a visit to Marek  Nat s father  for her birthday.
Senga decides to stop at a highway diner.
There  Nat meets The Backpacker and offers her a ride.
Senga is visibly disturbed.
She plays.
They drop her.
She appears to have disappeared.
When they return seconds later to return the CD she left.
Nat convinces her mother to return to the diner.
That she can get her birthday present.
Already stressed  Senga is furious.
When she discovers that Marek has bought Nat tickets that she has refused to allow her to attend.
Nat gets into an RV with The Backpacker and a strange couple.
Senga solicits the assistance.
Goes herself tailing the officer.
When she seems unhelpful.
Who had just left the diner.
She breaks and discovers a number of strange and horrifying things  including thermoses full of blood and videos of young girls talking about their past lives.
When she catches up.
She escapes the RV.
The Backpacker reveals herself to be hiding.
When they get back.
She strangles Senga and causes her.
Nat parties with The Backpacker and a young man.
Who tell her.
Senga is woken.
Who cruises highways.
She finds a picture of a girl.
She saw in the RV.
The Recovery Man informs Senga.
The girl is Christine  his dead sister.
Senga is taken.
Where she reports Nat s disappearance.
The police are less than helpful  and   Senga asks them to call Marek.
The man is not Senga s ex-husband  but The Father  the cult s leader  he tells the police.
Who answers Marek s mobile.
Senga is  and that Nat has been with him all weekend.
Senga encounters three of the cult members and follows them to an abandoned research facility.
Here  she encounters the Recovery Man again.
The Recovery Man sets off one  killing most of the cult members.
Nat meets the Father.
Senga attacks him.
The Father can initiate Nat.
Mother and daughter flee  with Senga being pursued by The Backpacker and Nat being placated by The Father.
Who uses a loudspeaker to talk.
The Father reveals.
Senga wanted to have an abortion when she discovered she was pregnant.
The shock leaves Senga in a near catatonic state.
The Recovery Man pulls her out by showing her Marek s body.
Senga uses this information to demonstrate to Nat.
Evil her new friends are.
The Recovery Man and The Father wrestle   Senga detonates his last bomb  killing them both.
Mother and daughter try to escape.
When The Father bites The Recovery Man s tongue and spits it out.
Mother and daughter continue their drive home.
They return.
When they stop.
<EOS>
The year is.
Seven murders have been committed within the past five years  each victim having been petrified into a stone figure.
The local authorities dismiss the murders.
Rather than investigate it.
The father decides to investigate and discovers.
When a local girl becomes the latest victim and her suicidal lover made the scapegoat.
The cause is a phantom.
The very last haunts the local castle and turns victims to stone during the full moon.
<EOS>
The aquanaut examines various fish species  plays with dolphins and explores an old wreck.
Thereby he also gets.
<EOS>
He and Jerry Lee inadvertently are involved.
When Thomas Dooley retires.
The burglars steal a valuable micro chip.
Dooley is considered a suspect.
His pension is frozen.
His name is cleared  leaving Dooley angry and broke.
To raise some money  Dooley decides to breed Jerry.
This plan does not go.
Planned until Dooley meets Catherine Colman and her dog Molly.
Having met by the name of Maurice in regards to breeding Jerry Lee  Dooley is given an amount of money to aid in his retirement.
Dooley is still being investigated.
B.
I.
And he does silly and funny things to get them out of the way.
Jerry Lee starts feeling poorly.
It is revealed.
His illness is due.
Dooley takes him.
Later Dooley gives Jerry a Spicy meal to make him feel better.
Laura Fields comes.
She hires him to find her missing fiance.
To aid his investigation  Dooley goes to talk to Carlos and Pete and even offers.
Them doughnuts.
Captain Thomas finds Dooley  and is nt pleased by his snooping.
However  Dooley later goes and uses his computer to search for information to help clear his name.
He notes.
There are active suspects  Billy Cochran and Charles Thyer.
Dooley and Jerry Lee locate Billy Cochran and give chase.
Cochran eludes them.
Dooley trains Jerry Lee to use the cell phone.
Elsewhere  Charles Thyer berates Billy Cochran  then kills him.
Laura visits Dooley  and claims  and apparently knew.
Kevin was.
The next morning Captain Thomas calls Dooley.
He was looking Billy Cochran up.
He then enlists Frankie the Fence to force Kevin to turn over the chip.
Dooley discovers.
Kevin Wingate is an alias  and that Laura was the mastermind behind the robbery.
Dooley chases.
She is arrested.
The film then ends  now with his pension.
Jerry Lee meet up.
Where we find that Maurice has successfully delivered five German Shepherd pups  of which Catherine gives Dooley first pick.
Following this Dooley and Catherine discuss names.
Fades out.
Credits roll.
<EOS>
A decision is made as to.
Where a large new chemical factory is to be built.
Stefan Bednarz  an honest Party man  is put.
Bednarz used to live.
Where the factory is to be built.
His wife used to be a Party activist there.
Bednarz sets out to build a place.
He has unpleasant memories.
Where people will be able to live well and work well.
His intentions and convictions  however  conflict.
Who are mainly concerned.
Disillusioned  Bednarz gives up his position.
<EOS>
The film retells the story  albeit with some major changes from the Iliad s storyline  Paris of Troy sails to Sparta to secure a peace treaty between the two powerful.
His ship is forced to return.
He has been swept overboard.
Paris is found  with.
Whom he falls.
He goes.
Where he finds Helen s husband  King Menelaus  Agamemnon  Odysseus  Achilles and many other Greek kings debating whether to go with Troy.
Menelaus sees.
Helen and Paris are and  pretending friendship  plots Paris  death.
Warned  Paris flees and   takes Helen with him to Troy.
They are both nearly caught.
The Greeks unite.
The siege begins.
Much blood is shed  with the Trojans blaming their plight on Paris and Helen.
It turns out that the Greeks are solely.
The siege culminates through the ruse of the legendary Trojan Horse.
Helen and Paris are cornered.
Trying to flee.
Paris faces the Spartan king.
He is stabbed  denying him a fair trial by arms.
As he wins the upper hand.
Helen is forced to return.
She is serene.
She will someday be reunited.
This project makes several departures.
Who are using Helen s flight.
<EOS>
Ryan Gaerity  an Irish terrorist  escapes.
Jimmy Dove is a veteran bomb disposal technician.
He irritates his captain  partner and everyone else.
When he plays hero and disarms explosives.
Nobody   knows of Jimmy s dark past.
Northern Ireland  Jimmy s actual name is Liam McGivney.
He had been friends and partners.
Who   was a freelance terrorist.
Liam fled to Boston and became Jimmy Dove.
Gaerity comes to seek vengeance against Jimmy.
Who is semi-retired but working.
Gaerity begins taunting his old protege and causing the deaths of Jimmy s colleagues Blanket  Cortez and Rita.
Jimmy reveals his secret to his wife Kate.
He returns to hunt for Gaerity.
Rookie technician Anthony Franklin investigates Jimmy  suspecting a connection.
Max is brutally killed.
He is helpless to do anything but watch.
Though Dove arrives.
Dove proceeds to track Gaerity.
He cuffs himself to Gaerity  prepared to die.
Order to keep his secret and prevent any more deaths.
He is saved at the last minute  leaving Gaerity to die.
When the boat detonates.
Dove and Franklin hurry to reach a performance.
It ends.
They need to get in time to rescue her.
They disarm the bomb.
Franklin tells Dove.
He knows his secret  but will leave the matter alone if Dove lets him be the hero and take all the credit.
Dove gives Franklin his badge and gun and walks away.
<EOS>
Set  Buchan leaves.
His farm and racially charged land reclaims and travels south with his family to start a better life.
The Buchan family struggles to settle in a new country.
Faced  Buchan quickly spirals down into a life consumed by anger  fear and destruction.
Finally  his wife convinces him to attend a local church.
Where the testimonies influence his decision to give his life to Jesus Christ.
His outlook takes a complete turnaround.
Supernatural occurrences begin to happen.
When Angus prays.
He begins giving his testimony  and eventually gathers thousands of people in Kings Park Stadium for a time of unified prayer for the nation and for the land.
Traditionally a maize and cattle farmer  Buchan decides.
Scientists had warned the farmers not to plant that season.
They had irrigation.
Planting potatoes would be a massive risk.
Believing he is led  he plants potatoes in the dry dust.
There is a crop.
When harvest time comes.
<EOS>
It is a love story revolving and have four different stories spanning over 100 years.
<EOS>
Set  this movie concentrates on the early life of John Lennon.
He struggles to become a successful musician.
Lennon goes on to form a number  widening his local audience  before later joining with Stuart Sutcliffe  George Harrison  Pete Best  and Paul McCartney to form The Beatles.
He develops.
The band attract the attention.
Who engineers their success and fame.
However  Sutcliffe and Best are both dropped  to be replaced by Ringo Starr.
The film focuses  from age 16 to 23  from his teenage years living with his aunt Mimi Smith  to the early successes of the Beatles.
It deals by his father  the double loss of his mother  his introduction to McCartney at St.
Peter s Church Hall  his courting and marriage  Cynthia  the loss of his best friend Sutcliffe  the birth of his son Julian  and the early popularity of the Beatles in Germany.
It includes authentic Liverpudlian landmarks.
Where Lennon grew up.
Where Lennon was a student  as well as.
Where the young Beatles performed.
Also shown are recreated scenes  the German era  and the Cavern Club performances.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Set  the film tells the story of Major Amberson and his descendants  an upper-class Indianapolis family  focusing on his grandson  George Minafer  loss of love and money over the generations.
George is home on break from college.
His mother Isabel and grandfather  the major  hold a reception.
Are the widowed Eugene Morgan  a prosperous automobile manufacturer  and his daughter Lucy.
Who has just returned after a twenty-year absence.
George instantly takes  but seems to take as quick a dislike to her father Eugene.
George s father Wilbur Minafer dies.
The industrialist builds a mansion to rival the magnificence of that of Major Amberson.
George Minafer tells Morgan.
He thinks automobiles are a useless nuisance  which had no business being invented.
The other family members are taken aback.
Morgan says.
George may turn out to be right  since he knows that automobiles are going to drastically alter human civilization  for better or worse.
George learns from his uncle Jack Amberson and aunt Fanny.
His mother Isabel and Morgan had once been an item.
He is particularly enraged.
Isabel always loved Morgan -- even  Wilbur -- and that people in town are still gossiping about this juicy tidbit.
Morgan courts Isabel and decides to ask her to marry him.
Sensing the developing intensity  George takes control and rebuffs a planned visit from Morgan at the door of the Amberson mansion.
Isabel s love overrides her love for Morgan  so she complies with George s demands.
She knows that he is trying to separate her.
George takes his mother  ostensibly to get away from the scandalous talk in the town of her love for Morgan before her husband s death  but also to remove her from the possibility of a relationship with him.
George tries to learn.
What Lucy is feeling.
She feigns cheerful insouciance  concealing her pain.
George and his mother travel and live.
They return.
She becomes ill.
Where George acts.
Morgan comes.
George refuses to let him see Isabel.
Who is.
Her grief-stricken father dies.
The major leaves nothing must fend for themselves financially.
Lucy does not reconcile.
She tells her father Morgan a story.
Who was pushed out into the sea when he became too obnoxious and overbearing.
George decides to give up his job and go to work in a factory.
The entire family s fortune has been depleted.
Pays more.
He helps care.
Who has descended.
The film ends.
Has developed.
Additional ending scenes show George getting injured.
Morgan reconciling at the hospital.
<EOS>
Marina is a young woman attempting to be a good mother.
She decides to spend the summer  in the hope.
The change will improve her child s sleeping habits.
She rents an apartment.
Who is distrustful.
The two generally avoid each other.
An unfortunate event forces them together.
Fifteen years later  Marina returns.
She had felt  but.
<EOS>
Krishna sets fire to his brother s.
Lands him with his mother.
She takes him and tells him.
He can only come home when he earns 500 rupees to pay.
Krishna agrees and finds a job  but one day his boss asks him to run an errand.
He finds.
When Krishna returns.
The circus has packed up and left.
Unable to find the money to repay his mother  he decides to travel.
As soon  he is robbed.
He arrives.
He follows the thieves and befriends them  and ends up.
One  Chillum  also a drug pusher and addict  helps Krishna get a job at the Grant Road Tea Stall.
Krishna gets a new name  Chaipau  and learns to live.
His goal is to get the money.
He needs to return home.
He soon finds out.
Saving money is next to impossible.
To make matters worse  he has a crush.
He sets fire and attempts to escape with her.
The two are caught.
This gets Krishna a severe beating.
He loses his job.
He works odd jobs to feed himself and look.
Who ca nt live.
To get more money  Krishna and his pals rob an elderly Parsi man.
One night  the boys are apprehended and taken to a juvenile home.
Returning home.
Eventually  Krishna escapes and goes back.
<EOS>
The film is.
The police are trying to catch a robber.
Whom they and the media nickname Goliath.
One day  the police and the dogs are.
Ace s trainer  Daniel  allows Ace to take down Torco.
Ace quickly catches up.
Torco uses a stick to fend off Ace.
Then we see Ace.
He takes Torco down  and keeps him down.
Dan arrives.
They believe.
When the police see Torco s injuries.
It is a result.
They send Ace  but he escapes.
The clinic worker covers up his incompetence.
Dan goes back.
He sees.
The area is.
He goes and finds a piece of barbed wire.
He believes Torco used to slashed himself.
Meanwhile  Ace is trying to get back home.
Dan tries to get over the grief  but is unsuccessful.
Julia  Dan s daughter  sees Ace.
Her parents do not believe.
Ace s supposed ashes is sent.
She convinces Dan to take them down to see.
The dog is Ace  but when they get there Ace has escaped again.
Julia sees Ace.
Who has hopped.
Ace sees her and waves his paw.
Is the trick she taught him.
Later  the Captain brings Dan in to show the surveillance tape.
It shows Torco first fending off Ace but then starts to slashes himself with it  proving Ace s innocence.
Believing Ace has unfinished business since Torco framed him.
Torco comes home after being fired.
He sees Julia.
He enters his house and finds the box  and goes and sees the drawer with cutlery ajar.
Held the glass cutter open.
He then sees some alum and open the cabinet and sees the alum container not in the correct position.
Julia took some and took a picture of the cutter.
She left.
She finds out.
When she arrives home.
Torco is.
She tells her mom.
The two soon see him.
He sees them and chases them and then  Ace comes and brings down Torco.
When they are cornered.
Torco stabs Ace.
Ace is still able to bring down Torco.
Dan arrives and arrests Torco.
The family takes Ace.
Later  Dan allows Julia to go with Ace.
They win 1st place.
Dan and Lily go.
Dan asks Lily where she would like to go.
<EOS>
Crime is.
It split.
Walia has one-third  Manik Rao has.
Roshni has a third.
The crime rate rises.
Meanwhile  the CBI work constantly to stop this.
Inspector Vikram Singh is a disgrace and tends to handle the easy jobs.
Appa Kadam is an encounter specialist  he is married.
Who goes.
They have a son.
Constable Khaled Ansari is a happy-go-lucky cop.
The three men s and the whole CBI s fate changes.
DCP Om Pattnayak arrives and realises.
The CBI are not serious and that no one is following the rules and regulations.
Ravi has a girlfriend  Kiran.
Whom he promises to marry.
He is hesitant but learns to accept it.
He witnesses the way.
The others treat the henchmen and orders them to be released.
But the henchmen kill Khaled  making Vikram seek revenge.
He decides to join Ravi and help him clear the city.
Appa joins them.
They soon plan to take.
Appa dies in a trap set by a corrupt officer.
Vikram and Ravi manage to capture Walia  Manik and Roshni.
Mumbai is.
<EOS>
A district collector  a judge  and a police official are all kidnapped.
The kidnapper cocking-a-snook  calling himself ` Citizen  and appearing in different disguises to get at his targets.
C.
B.
I.
Officer Sarojini finally traces the common factor to the fictional hamlet of Athippatti  consisting of fishermen.
But both the village and its 690 odd inhabitants seemed to have been wiped away from the face of the official gazette maps.
The diggings tell a story.
Must have taken place back.
` Citizen  is finally apprehended.
He comes out.
He   had been the sole survivor of the nightmare that gripped the village that day from the map of India  twenty years back.
The entire village was wiped off.
Ajith wants the citizenship.
<EOS>
Sal and Tottie are sacked  then go on a picnic with friends Skinny and Spud.
Skinny and Spud are both romantically interested.
She spurns their attentions.
Sal is rescued by wealthy lifeguard Basil Stanton and taken to his family home in Potts Point to recuperate.
Sal and Basil fall and get married.
Spud and Skinny are arrested.
Spud marries.
Tottie and Skinny marries a woman.
<EOS>
Shemp is suffering  and fears.
It will lead.
His doctor  however  advises.
A few weeks will cure him.
The boys befriend the ruthless Doc Barker.
Barker listens about his bad leg  mistaking the biggest vein.
You ever saw worth millions.
The Stooges take a liking  but are later informed by the beautiful Nell.
He is an outlaw who is holding the Arizona Kid hostage.
Thr boys hatch a plan to obtain the prison cell keys.
Shemp joins the outlaw.
Moe and Larry prepare beverages.
The two find every possible deadly chemical.
They can to add  from Old Homicide to paint.
They also prepare a Sarsaparilla to make sure.
Their pal does not indulge.
Barker downs the concoction  and screams.
Shemp grabs a nearby fire hose and sprays the entire gang  soaking them.
Moe and Larry quickly grab Barker s coat and get the cell keys.
Who frees the Arizona Kid.
He throws Larry to kill him at sunrise.
When Barker sees what has happened.
Seeing  the Arizona Kid goes to retrieve the United States Cavalry.
Desperate the situation has become.
Moe and Shemp attempt to free Larry using every tool they can find.
Eventually  they spring Larry and defeat Barker and his gang.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
Who escapes.
He is helped.
Whom he promises to create a new  beautiful body.
The two murder Professor Lampini  a traveling showman  and take over his horror exhibit.
Who had once caused his imprisonment.
Dracula seduces Hussmann s Granddaughter-in-law Rita and kills Hussmann himself.
Niemann disposes of Dracula s coffin  causing the vampire to perish in sunlight.
Niemann and Daniel move.
Where they find the bodies the Wolf Man preserved in the frozen waters.
Nieman thaws and promises Talbot to find a cure from the curse.
However  he is more interested in reviving the Creature and exacting revenge on two former associates than in his promises to Daniel or Talbot.
Talbot transforms and kills a man  arousing the villagers.
Talbot is also envied as both love Ilonka  a gypsy girl.
She has fallen with Talbot but is the object of Daniel s affection.
Daniel reveals Talbot s curse.
She is not deterred and promises to help him.
Things enter a critical stage.
Niemann revives the Frankenstein monster.
Talbot again turns.
Talbot is shot  thereby releasing him.
Ilonka is killed.
Daniel blames her death and begins to choke him.
The Creature intervenes  throws Daniel out  and carries the half-conscious Niemann outside.
Where the villagers begin to chase them and drive them.
There  both the Creature and Niemann drown.
<EOS>
Managing Editor Sam Gatlin arrives and leaves early the next morning  having put together a morning newspaper for Los Angeles.
Sam and his wife Peggy argue about adopting a child named Billy.
A reporter s grandson pilots a military plane.
A child is lost.
And copy boy Earl Collins considers quitting.
A downpour is occurring.
<EOS>
The film tells.
Daniel feels trapped.
He has grown tired  and hates he his job.
He does  however  enjoy sneaking to watch the latest film from porn star Sabrina Love.
Daniel enters a contest.
Where a lucky fellow will win a date.
The letter earns him the grand prize.
He sends.
Daniel has to get  but has no money.
Daniel is forced to hitchhike to the other  and has a number of interesting experiences along the way.
He encounters a handful  his brother   and a reporter with love on her mind.
Who has nt yet accepted his parents  death  a free-thinking writer.
He has a lesson or two to learn.
When he meets up.
<EOS>
Thirteen years ago   Dee-Dee and Jimmy are making out in their car.
When a maniac wielding a steel hook attacks them.
The pair escape the car and find another couple  Harriet and Ward  slautghtered.
Soon  along.
Psychiatrist Jack Grefe arrives.
Who is distraught to find his wife.
Who has been murdered.
The killer  Ray Hennessey is caught  and revealed to be one.
Who had an obsession.
Ray is incarcerated.
Present day  Jack has devoted the last thirteen years.
Who has gained the nickname The Hook.
Meanwhile  Tom s outcast daughter  Mandy Anderson attends high school.
She attempts to drown him.
Chloe hears Michael is planning to break up.
Jack is called down.
Where he meets.
Chloe is suspended.
Penny grounds her son  Michael.
Ray retrieves his hook and escapes the mental institution.
Tom goes to warn Penny of the hooks escape.
It was her husband who had been cheating before.
Michael sneaks out of his house.
Chloe makes out.
The group hang out.
Also there is Tom.
Who tells Deputy David Schwick to look out.
Chloe tells Doug.
Her and Bradley are going to lovers lane  and to make sure that Michael finds them there.
Doug then asks Mandy out.
He does not have a date.
Has been murdered.
Traveling  Chloe and Bradley stop.
Deputy David enters the shop  only to be stabbed.
Penny finds and alerts Tom.
Michael is missing.
Mandy  Michael  Janelle  Doug  Cathy and Tim arrive lane.
Doug  Tim and Cathy see Bradley s car  and so walk over  only to find Chloe and Bradley murdered.
Tim is stabbed by the hook.
Doug and Cathy run back.
However  Doug soon crashes the car.
Meanwhile  Tom and Penny find.
The group have gone.
They are split up.
The group regain consciousness.
Mandy and Michael reach a farmhouse.
Where they arm themselves and find Janelle and Doug  who has broke his leg.
Mandy and Michael go.
Janelle tends.
Back  Janelle begins to hear noises.
The hook smashes.
Janelle runs upstairs and barricades herself.
The hook gets in and stabs her.
The hook kills him.
Doug wakes up.
He accidentally runs  killing her.
Michael drives the car.
The pair re-enter the house and find Doug and Janelle dead.
The hook attacks them.
They lock themselves  and turn the gas on  before escaping out a window.
A match is sparked and the house blows up.
The hook opens the door.
Meanwhile  Tom and Penny go.
Where they find a shrine.
They find Chloe still alive.
Mandy and Michael drive back.
Who swears Bradley is still alive.
Arriving  Mandy gets out the car and finds Tim s phone and manages to speak to Tom.
The hook grabs her.
Chloe attacks Michael with a hook  revealing herself to be a killer.
He escapes.
She runs into Ray.
Who slaughters her.
Mandy is forced by her attacker  revealed to be Jack the one.
Who survived the explosion and was.
Killed Harriet and Ward years previously.
Michael saves Mandy.
Tom and Penny arrive and shoot Jack.
A fight breaks out.
Mandy eventually kills him.
The next day are medically checked.
They leave Tom and Penny and enter a police car  that is revealed to be driven.
<EOS>
The film is set.
The attractive Kamila Sakowicz and Roman Roek are lovers.
Does not know State Security.
Roman is an officer.
He invites her into his apartment.
Roman asks Kamila for a favor.
Kamila is to approach the well-known writer and literature professor Adam Warczewski and report.
Kamila selects the pseudonym Royczka.
Roman claims.
Warczewski is a Zionist counter-revolutionary hiding his Jewish name Wajner.
Kamila is approaching the professor.
Who invites her and introduces her to classical music and the Polish exile literature.
The professor is a widower and single father.
The relationship gets closer.
The reports more detailed and interesting.
Finally  the professor and Kamila become lovers.
Roman continues to receive top stories.
His jealousy is as big.
Warczewski calls a meeting to protest.
When the Polish government stops a theatre play due.
Kamila is the secretary.
She forwards the minutes with her termination of cooperation.
She wants to marry the professor.
Roman is desperate and informs Warczewski about Kamila s collaboration with the State Security.
Wladyslaw Gomulka frames Warczewski as an example of Jewish anti-socialist elements in Polish society.
The anti-Semitic mood forces 15000 Jewish citizens to leave Poland.
However  Roek   is unmasked and released from State Security.
Whose name was originally Jewish Rosen.
He also has to leave the country.
He kills the professor.
<EOS>
Princess Moanna   becomes curious about the world above.
Whose father is the king.
The sunlight blinds her and erases her memory.
When she goes.
She becomes very ill and eventually dies.
The king believes.
Her spirit will come back someday.
Ofelia  a young girl  travels with her pregnant mother Carmen to meet Captain Vidal  her new stepfather and father of Carmen s unborn child.
Who loves fairy tales.
Vidal  the son  believes strongly in falangism and was assigned to root out any anti-Franco rebels.
Who died.
Ofelia discovers a large insect resembling a stick insect.
She believes to be a fairy.
It follows her.
Where Vidal is stationed.
She is stopped.
Ofelia can enter.
Who is spying.
That night  the insect appears.
Where it changes and leads her through the labyrinth.
There  she meets the faun.
Who believes her to be Princess Moanna and gives her three tasks to complete to ensure that her essence is intact.
Meanwhile  Vidal s cruel and sociopathic nature is revealed.
When he brutally murders two individuals who had been detained and who may merely have been farmers.
Ofelia completes the first task.
She becomes worried.
Whose condition is worsening.
The faun gives Ofelia a mandrake root.
Instantly begins to cure her mother s illness.
Accompanied  Ofelia then completes the second task of retrieving an ornate dagger from the lair of the Pale Man  a child-eating monster.
Who sits silently.
She eats two grapes  awakening him.
She was gravely warned not to consume anything.
He eats two and chases her.
She manages to escape.
Infuriated  the faun refuses to give her the third task.
Meanwhile  Vidal becomes increasingly vicious  torturing a captured rebel and then killing the doctor -- also a rebel sympathizer.
Who euthanized the tortured prisoner to stop his pain.
Vidal catches Ofelia tending.
Carmen throws it.
Where it then begins to writhe and scream.
Instantly  Carmen develops painful contractions and dies giving birth.
Vidal discovers.
Mercedes is a spy.
He captures her and Ofelia.
They attempt to escape.
Ofelia is locked.
Mercedes is taken to be tortured  however  she frees herself  badly injures Vidal and flees.
Where the rebels rescue her.
The faun returns and gives her one more chance to prove herself.
He tells her to take her baby brother.
Ofelia steals the baby   Vidal continues to chase her through the labyrinth.
Disoriented. 
The rebels attack the mill.
The faun tells Ofelia  so he needs a drop.
The portal will open only with an innocent s blood.
Ofelia refuses to harm her brother.
Eventually Vidal finds her  seemingly talking.
The faun is not visible.
The faun leaves Ofelia.
Vidal takes the baby away  shooting her immediately after.
The rebels and Mercedes are waiting.
When he leaves the labyrinth.
Knowing  he calmly hands Mercedes the baby.
He will die.
Vidal takes out his watch and tells Mercedes to tell his son the exact time.
Mercedes interrupts  telling him.
His son will never even know his name.
Pedro  one  draws his pistol and shoots Vidal in the face  killing him.
Drops spill onto the altar.
Mercedes enters the labyrinth and comforts the dying girl.
Is supposed to lead her.
Ofelia is reunited.
The faun is present too.
The king reveals.
She has completed the final task and proven herself to be Princess Moanna.
Ofelia dies.
Mercedes mourns her death.
A narration dictates  visible only to those.
Princess Moanna ruled the underworld  but left behind small traces of her time on earth.
Who know where to look.
<EOS>
Filmed  the story concerns the feeding of misinformation to German Intelligence about the exact location of the D-Day landings in.
Captain Bill Ranson and Major Julien Howard are two allied intelligence officers posing.
Their concerns centre recently arrived from Holland.
<EOS>
The infamous and cruel aristocrat  Sir Hugo Baskerville  is hosting a party.
When a dead man s daughter escapes.
Baskerville pursues her throughout the moor and stabs her to death in the nearby abbey ruins.
However  a huge dog-like creature suddenly appears and kills Baskerville.
The hound of hell has become known as the Hound of the Baskervilles and  any strange night a Baskerville is alone on the moor  the hound will come and kill him.
Several centuries later  the death is being reported by his best friend Dr Richard Mortimer to Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson.
Who are willing to meet the new owner.
Holmes remembers.
He is going to be away.
A tarantula attacks Sir Henry briefly  Holmes suspects foul play.
Holmes reminds Watson to not let Sir Henry go out.
He leaves.
The coach driver Perkins warns of a convict named.
Selden has escaped two days ago.
Watson recalls Seldon s case  he was sentenced to life imprisonment instead of hanging.
Watson meets a man named Stapleton and his daughter Cecille.
Who save him.
Cecille seems to act strangely.
Watson sees a light shining out upon the moor  and starts to suspect.
Something is going on.
He and Sir Henry investigate the mysterious light.
The Baskerville hound howls  causing Sir Henry to suffer.
Out. 
A strange man rushes past.
They leave.
The two pursue the man.
He gets away  they go back.
Soon  Watson discovers  Holmes had arrived hours.
The strange man was actually Holmes.
Watson did.
They find out.
The convict  Selden is actually the butler Barrymore s brother-in-law  was the one signaling the other night  and that Barrymore and his wife were the ones returning the signal.
Several events occur   the hound mistakenly killing Selden  and finally Holmes  almost being trapped inside an old mine while investigating.
Selden is wearing Sir Henry s clothes.
Cecille takes Sir Henry out.
Holmes has solved the case  The Stapletons are actually illegitimate descendants of Sir Hugo  and are next in line to get the Baskerville fortune and mansion.
All are killed off.
Cecile has taken Sir Henry out - an actual  living dog bought by Stapleton  not a ghost.
That he may be killed.
Many were led to believe.
Holmes and Watson rush out just.
Stapleton appears and attacks.
In turn is shot by Watson.
The hound suddenly appears and attacks the group but desists  Stapleton is then mauled to death by the animal.
When shot.
Cecille flees.
Holmes kills the beast  revealing it to be a normal dog.
Cecile accidentally falls and slowly sinks to her death.
Holmes and Watson take a shocked Sir Henry back.
The case is solved.
<EOS>
The film opens  everyone inside has been slaughtered by a malfunctioning secret project codenamed Hardman.
It was manufactured.
Produces military hardware.
Public outcry ensues and Cale is introduced.
The company s investigating Chief Executive.
Ridley  head  tries to cover things up.
Cale demands immediate and full public disclosure.
She also wants.
Dante  who developed Project Hardman  fired.
No one seems to care.
Who takes an eerie interest.
He confronts her.
Meanwhile  Cale wants to know.
What Dante is secretely working on.
He never submits progress reports and is far.
Ridley   refuses to help.
Who is scared.
He tells Cale.
Her recently deceased predecessor took interest and soon had a deadly accident at the corporate headquarters.
She lifts his access card.
She can investigate.
A trio of stoner pacifist eco-warriors are planning to infiltrate the company s headquarters.
Order to destroy its digitally stored assets and put Chaank out.
Somehow  Dante finds out.
Cale has his card and confronts Ridley.
He later kills the CEO.
Carpenter calls Cale.
Had an implanted life-sign transmitter.
She investigates and finds out that.
Whatever killed him came.
Taking matters  she terminates Dante s employment and seals the vault.
Dante is about to shoot her and take everyone hostage.
When the eco-warriors show up.
The eco-warriors demand access.
Order to destroy the company s digital bonds.
Cale refuses to cooperate.
Raimi  the leader  goes to their alternate plan to cut through the bulkhead leading to the containment area.
Dante  sensing his chance  helps them.
Dante jumps in and activates his invention  called The Warbeast.
The vault is open.
Promptly kills one.
Raimi flees  meeting up.
Dante broadcasts his demands  demanding.
His employment be reinstated  and that Cale will be interfacing on a regular basis.
Raimi and Yutani cancel the operation and attempt to get out.
<EOS>
The story is told.
Serve to show events.
Our narrative link is New York radio star Jed Potter.
Who once was a renowned Broadway hoofer.
The conceit is.
He is  telling his life story  which does not yet have an ending.
The tale starts just around two men  rising dancer Potter and the business-minded Johnny Adams.
Who became friends.
The more laid-back and less disciplined Adams has hopes.
Young  hardworking Potter dreams and works for stardom.
Dancer Potter falls in love with a band singer  a very pretty girl named Mary OHara.
He takes Mary.
She takes a shine.
Potter warns Mary.
His old buddy is not the marrying kind.
So   she marries Adams.
The union is not a happy one.
Adams  nightclub business is anything.
It turns out  Adams is self-centered and unable to commit.
Potter was right.
The couple divorces.
Mary tries again.
The two even become engaged.
But Mary ca nt go through and takes off.
A devastated Potter turns and subsequently suffers an accident.
Puts an end.
He winds up  sharing his story with his audience  hoping.
Wherever Mary is  she can hear him.
<EOS>
Vijay  an irresponsible youth  was sent in Ooty to work and became a responsible businessman.
There  he fell with Anjali  a college student.
Her brothers  dangerous criminals  were.
Vijay s father was a police officer.
Devaraj was sent.
His brother appointed Karnaa  a disabled lawyer.
Amudha  a school teacher  falls after a misunderstanding.
Deenadayalan saw Karnaa.
He looked.
He had twin boys  but abandoned one of the twin baby.
He was disabled.
Karnaa was upset.
When he knew the truth and was determinate to win the case.
He won.
The case and Devaraj was released.
Deenadayalan said the truth.
Who wanted to bring back Karnaa.
Meanwhile  Vijay was arrested.
Karnaa rejected their request and found outrageous to abandon a baby due.
Then  Karnaa promised to help Vijay  he advised Vijay to escape.
Devaraj shew to Karnaa his secret business.
Vijay took some photos.
Then  Devaraj s goons kidnapped his parents  his adopted mother and Amudha.
Vijay and Karnaa saved them  killed the criminals and sent Devaraj.
<EOS>
Jerry Bolanti  a mafia-connected hoodlum  is released and needs a job.
Soon he has sex.
He is released.
He pays a visit and becomes a debt collector.
His first job is to collect.
Meanwhile  two other debt collectors  Joe and Serge  have a third collector  named Butchie  killed.
Work together.
Joe  the leader  employs Jerry as the new leader.
They raid a shop manager  steal $ 40000  and then rent a hotel room.
A hitman shoots Serge.
Jerry is down stairs.
Serge is.
Jerry hunts down the hitman  chases him and shoots him with a shotgun in the torso twice.
The collector is looking and is shot more than 20 times by three hitmen.
<EOS>
Yakusho plays Kenichi Takabe  an emotionlly repressed police detective.
Takabe investigates a series.
The perpetrator is different each time.
Each victim is killed  with a large X carved into their necks.
The murderers are caught close to the scene of the crime.
They never have substantial motive and can not explain.
They readily confess.
What drove them to kill.
Takabe  together named Sakuma  eventually determines.
One man is the common thread  as each person he comes in contact with commits a killng shortly thereafter.
The man  called Mamiya  appears to have extreme short-term memory loss  he seems constantly confused.
What day it is.
Where he is  and what his name is.
He claims to recall nothing.
He searches the man s apartment and discovers.
Mamiya used to be a student who studied mesmerism and hypnosis.
Takabe comes to realize.
Mamiya has no memory problems  and that he is instead a master  the motion of water  or the flame of a lighter.
Mamiya is jailed and charged.
Mamiya also finds Takabe fascinating.
Because he can not force Takabe to kill.
Takeba does.
Have visions  however  and the more he researches Mamiya  the more Takeba feels that he might be losing his mind.
His wife s strange behavior and concerns lead him to have her committed to a mental hospital.
Takabe tracks him and shoots him.
When Mamiya escapes  killing a policeman and a doctor.
The film s final scenes suggest.
Takabe himself has become the master hypnotist  and that he is carrying.
<EOS>
Florida  a team of scientists led by the deranged and cold-hearted Dr William Barton capture him in the Everglades.
The creature is badly burned in a fire.
The doctors notice.
Bandaging the.
He is shedding his gills and even breathing using a kind.
He is given clothing.
That the creature has more human-like skin.
The doctors attempt to get the Gill-man used.
He is apparently unhappy.
His life is saved.
Barton ruins the plans.
When   he kills guide Jed Grant  who had made romantic advances toward his wife  Marcia.
Realizing  Barton then tries to put the blame.
What he has done.
The Gill-man  witnessing the killing  and apparently comprehending  goes.
He is being blamed.
He kills Barton and then slowly walks back to the sea.
He is last seen  advancing towards the ocean.
<EOS>
Five strangers go to view old catacombs.
Separated  they find themselves in a room with the mysterious Crypt Keeper  but hears a radio announcement stating.
Who details how each will die  And All Through the House - After Joanne Clayton kills her husband on Christmas Eve  she prepares to hide his body.
A homicidal maniac is.
She sees the killer but can not call the police without exposing her own crimes.
Believing the maniac to be Santa  Joanne s daughter unknowingly lets him.
He apparently starts to strangle her  Reflection of Death - Carl Maitland abandons his family to be with Susan Blake.
They are involved.
They drive off together.
He wakes up and attempts to hitchhike home.
No one will stop.
Arriving  he sees his wife with another man.
He knocks.
She screams and slams the door.
He then goes to see Susan to find out.
She is blind.
She says.
Carl died two years ago.
Looking he sees.
He has the face.
Carl then wakes up and finds out  the crash occurs.
It was a dream.
It did before.
Poetic Justice - Edward Elliott and his son James are a snobbish pair.
Who resent their neighbor  retired garbage man Arthur Grimsdyke who owns a number and entertains children in his house.
To get rid.
What they see.
James sends Grimsdyke a number of poison-pen Valentines  supposedly from the neighbors  driving the old man to suicide.
One year later  Grimsdyke comes back and takes revenge on James  the following morning  Edward finds his son dead with a note -- the word heart represented by James  heart  torn from his body.
Says he was bad and that he had no heart.
Wish  is a variation.
You Were Here.
W.
Jacobs  famed short story The Monkey s Paw.
Ruthless businessman Ralph Jason is close.
His wife Enid discovers a Chinese figurine  Enid decides to wish  surprisingly  it comes true  however  Ralph is killed on the way to his lawyer s office to collect it.
Says it will grant three wishes.
The lawyer then advising Enid inherit a fortune.
She will.
She uses her second wish to bring him back.
He was just but learns that his death was due to a heart attack.
She discovers  she tries  every bit is alive.
She uses her final wish to bring him back alive and will live forever.
He was embalmed.
To kill him to end his pain but because she wished him to live forever.
Well  she has now trapped him.
Blind Alleys  Major William Rogers  the new director  makes drastic financial cuts  reducing heat and rationing food for the residents.
He lives with Shane  his Belgian Malinois.
The blind residents  led exact an equally cruel revenge.
When he ignores complaints and a man dies due.
They lure and trap Major Rogers as well as his dog in two seperate rooms in the basement.
The blind men then begin constructing a maze of narrow corridors  some of them lined with razor blades.
They starve the Major s dog  then place the Major  release the dog and turn off the basement lights  After completing the final tale  the Crypt Keeper reveals  they have all died.
He was not warning them  but telling them what had happened.
It is too late.
Clues can be spotted throughout the film  including Joan Collins  character wearing the brooch.
Her husband had given her just before she killed him.
The door opens.
The visitors all enter.
And now  who is next.
Perhaps you.
<EOS>
Destiny is a 10-year-old orphan girl.
Who gets placed.
She wanders and finishes a cup very skillfully  impressing the sculpture s creator Bob Pickler.
Visiting the Iowa State Fair.
Bob has won the butter sculpture contest.
He gets barred from entering in the future to give others a chance to compete.
Bob s wife  Laura is competitive and socially ambitious  causing them to fight.
When he breaks the news.
Bob drives.
She goes.
Brooke and he solicits her.
There he meets a stripper.
However  they re interrupted t-boning the van with her SUV.
Laura decides to enter the county s preliminary sculpture competition herself.
Comes. 
Meanwhile  Destiny decides to enter as well.
Carol-Ann Stevenson and Brooke also enter.
Brooke is simply entering to harass the Picklers.
Bob still owes her $.
Laura comes in second to Destiny.
Brooke and Carol-Ann come respectively.
Brooke shows up and is let in by their daughter Kaitlin.
Kaitlin challenges her or dare.
Talking. 
Escalates. 
Kaitlin is drawn.
Brooke is just doing it.
Kaitlin says she can get her the money she wants.
Laura hooks up with a used car salesman and old boyfriend from high school  Boyd Bolton to get him to falsely testify to county officials.
He was paid to help Destiny in the sculpture competition.
Laura suggests a rematch.
Who agrees.
Brooke gets her money  meets Destiny after school  and takes her to the mall to buy her a $ 1200 set of chef s knives to help her in the rematch with Laura.
She finds out.
When Destiny comes home.
Her biological mother has died.
Laura competes with Destiny in the rematch.
Laura carves a replica.
Kennedy s car immediately s blown up skull and Jackie Kennedy and Clint Hill crawling on the trunk.
Destiny creates her biological mother holding her infant self.
That night  Boyd sneaks into the fair and defaces Destiny s sculpture.
Her sculpture wins.
Later  Destiny is officially adopted.
Laura is running  claiming.
She was visited in a vision telling her to run.
<EOS>
William Hundert is a passionate Classics professor enthusiastic.
His class turns out to be a strict yet inspiring lesson.
Benedict s Academy.
They include laid-back Louis Masoudi  the introverted Martin Blythe  and the studious Deepak Mehta  all highly intelligent.
Hundert inspires his students to study hard to become one of the three contestants for The Emperor s Club and be crowned Mr Julius Caesar  a competition questions regarding the Classics.
Puts the top three students.
Where they will be asked.
He mentions.
When the headmaster explains the contest.
Martin s father was once a Mr Julius Caesar.
Hundert quickly gains the respect.
The school year gets off.
However  Hundert s tightly controlled world is shaken.
When a new student  Sedgewick Bell  walks.
Bell is the cocky son.
S.
Senator.
Who possesses none.
A fierce battle begins between Hundert and Bell.
Bell s rebellious nature quickly makes him the interest   he also freely shares pornographic material and is willing to play hooky and travel off-limits to a nearby prep school for girls.
He not only is willing to talk back.
Not to break the rules  Masoudi and even studious Mehta find themselves enjoying their rebellious tendencies with Bell.
Hundert humiliates Bell.
When he asks the class  in chronological order  all the Roman emperors.
The other students comply.
Who has not studied the course material.
Hundert also makes a trip.
C.
To meet.
Bell s father is clearly uninterested.
Benedict s  instead telling Hundert just to teach Bell lessons  giving Hundert some insight.
He can graduate.
Hundert returns.
Benedict s.
Where  Senator Bell chews out Sedgewick.
Hundert tries to develop a closer student-teacher relationship and become a mentor to Bell.
Order to help change him.
Bell starts studying  proving to be a bright student.
His grades improve enormously.
Bell finishes in Hundert s competition.
Precedes the Emperor s Club contest  along.
Bell had actually earned fourth place.
Hundert privately decided to raise his grade after reviewing it again  thus moving him above Blythe  the third place winner  whose father before him had been an Emperor s Club winner  putting him under much pressure to live up to his father s reputation.
Hundert is caught.
When he sees a despondent Blythe sitting all under a tree.
The entire school watches the competition.
The three contestants are quizzed.
The confident Masoudi is the first to make a mistake.
He is thus eliminated.
Hundert becomes increasingly suspicious raising his toga to his head to think.
He is urged to give Bell a pass.
When Hundert takes a recess to confer.
Senator Bell is.
But he then asks Bell.
Who was Hamilcar Barca.
Bell is stumped.
Mehta is crowned Mister Julius Caesar.
Afterwards  Bell admits to Hundert having cheated.
Bell could not take the pressure  and like his father  tried everything.
He could to guarantee a win.
The trust is broken.
Hundert does not publicize this.
He once had.
Students move up before their graduation from St.
Benedict s Academy.
Bell shown reverting and loss of interest in academia.
Bell is shown barely squeaking by in his classes  gaining acceptance to Yale University only on account of being Senator Bell s son.
Hundert regrets not being able to influence Bell more.
Twenty-five years later  Hundert is denied his bid to become headmaster by the board.
Who feel he lacks the ability to drum up financial donations.
Hundert immediately resigns.
Later he receives an invitation.
A chance to meet up at an event staged by a full-grown Bell.
Who is now extremely rich and successful.
He is impressed.
Reunited. 
Every one had done well since their days at St.
Bendict s and all had successful careers  with Deepak Mehta now a professor himself.
It is also revealed.
Sedgewick Bell agreed to donate an additional 25000 square foot addition.
Benedict library  Hundert presiding.
A Mr Julius Caesar rematch is held.
This donation would be ironic  seeing.
Hundert was denied becoming headmaster.
Yet he would be the linchpin responsible.
Bell talks to Hundert about.
His influence had really changed his life.
He hopes.
He would be able to regain his dignity.
An enthusiastic Hundert agrees to host once again.
And so the Emperor s Club contest is again played.
The three contestants still wearing togas  but.
Masoudi answers the first question wrong  then tries to guess the right answer in spite  humoring the crowd with fake Roman names such as Gassius Flatulus.
Again  the main competition is.
Both still remember their lessons.
Sadly.
Bell has changed.
Bell is cheating  this time.
Furthermore  any information can not be found in any textbook.
Had been a point Hundert had made way back when  explaining that without contribution to society  one is insignificant.
Therefore  the hired grad student can not feed Bell the correct answer.
He ca nt find it.
Mehta is crowned Mr Julius Caesar once again.
Bell congratulates Mehta  Bell announces.
He will be running.
S.
Senate just like his father  stressing taxpayer funding.
Hundert finally sees.
Bell only used the event to drum up support and to get contributions from his old classmates.
Hundert  as well as Blythe  based on his face  can scarcely believe it.
Hundert and Bell run.
Where Hundert confronts Bell.
Bell coldly goes on to tell Hundert.
Hundert has no accomplishments  whereas he will become a nationally famous senator no matter what the cost.
Bell also says.
It does not matter that he cheated  as life is full.
Just then  Bell s son   comes out.
Who had admired his father up.
Bell is left to face his son and rationalize his Machiavellian ways.
Hundert believes  too wrapped up to devote attention to his family and properly raise his son.
Bell will become just like his father was.
Hundert  realizing again  now recognizes the importance.
He has failed Bell.
Blythe know that he had given away Blythe s seat.
He confesses his action ago to Blythe.
Who attempts to be mature.
Then excuses himself  his mannerisms strongly suggesting he did not appreciate having old wounds reopened.
Hundert  feeling  contemplates his legacy.
He has failed two students.
Hundert wakes up the next morning and goes expecting one last breakfast with his pupils.
Instead  he finds an empty room and is told.
They have all left already.
Hundert dejectedly returns  only to discover.
The men had thrown him a surprise party.
All his students are.
Who is seen talking.
Nonetheless  the meeting is a joyous event.
His students talk.
About how much he has influenced them and how they are grateful that he was their teacher.
Mehta gives Hundert a gift to another.
Is an inscribed plaque quoting the value.
Hundert finally comes.
While he failed to turn Bell  he still has helped make many of his pupils into better men.
He realizes.
His value is not based.
He accepts the offer  going back as a teacher.
He is always welcome at Saint Benedict s.
Hundert thus returns.
Benedict s Academy and again teaches Classics.
It is also revealed.
One is Blythe s son  who is proud that his father was once Hundert s student.
Hundert then asks Blythe s son to read the plaque.
As young Blythe did.
Hundert then looks out the window to see Martin Blythe proudly waving  and an expression and gladness.
Hundert has found peace.
He has been truthful.
It s also noticed.
Young Blythe reads the plaque  while his father as a young boy had had trouble reading it  showing that young Blythe s father had taught his son what Hundert had taught him.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Prisoners crammed through the window.
Joe Collins leaves his term.
Joe is angry and talks.
The beleaguered warden is to improve discipline.
His chief.
Munsey  is a sadist.
Who manipulates prisoners to inform and create trouble so he can inflict punishment.
The often drunk prison doctor warns and will explode.
The prison is a powder keg.
They are not careful.
He denounces Munsey s approach and complains.
The public and government officials fail to understand the need.
Joe s attorney visits and tells Joe his wife.
Ruth is not willing to have an operation unless Joe can be there with her.
He takes his revenge.
Who had planted a weapon on Joe that earned him a stay in solitary.
Joe has organized the brutal attack in the prison machine shop but provides himself with an alibi by talking with the doctor in his office.
The murder occurs.
Joe presses another inmate  Gallagher  to help him escape but Gallagher has a good job.
Munsey has promised him parole soon.
Munsey then instigates a prisoner s suicide  giving higher authorities the opportunity to revoke all prisoner privileges and cancel parole hearings.
Gallagher feels betrayed and decides to join Joe s escape plan.
Joe and Gallagher plan an assault.
Where they can get access.
Each tells a story via flashback.
The escape plan is taking shape.
His love for a woman got him in trouble with the law.
Munsey learns the details from an informer  one of the men in cell.
The break goes badly.
The normally subdued prison yard turns.
<EOS>
Rebecca Becca Warner is a small town South Dakota farm girl.
Who has given up the small town life.
She encounters a massive culture shock in both the city and her own dorm  her roommate is a lesbian.
The shocking parties and habits have her seriously considering returning home.
She meets Crawl  her dorm residential advisor who has been attending college.
He persuades her to stay and begins to introduce her to the lifestyles and customs.
She had been so afraid.
She begins to enjoy her time there  and gives herself a makeover  cutting and dying her hair and even getting a tattoo.
An impending almost-definite proposal fills her with mixed feelings.
When it comes time.
Discovering  she impulsively invites him to come spend Thanksgiving.
Crawl has no family to visit.
Becca s parents Walter  Connie  her teenage brother Zack  her grandfather Walter Sr.
And Travis are shocked.
Their normally conservative lifestyle is intruded.
Who initially got when Walter was moving Becca into the dorms.
Their objections are kept relatively mild.
They go  when Becca prompts Crawl to intervene with Travis  proposal.
Improvising  Crawl says.
He had already proposed.
The announcement prompts Travis to punch Crawl  causing Crawl s nose to bleed and making a big scene even worse.
Walter is appalled.
When Crawl claims his interest.
Walter s farmhand Theo helps to send Crawl and often failures of adjusting to farm life.
Incredibly  Crawl rebounds  slowly earning Walter s grudging respect.
Crawl also makes friends  Tracy and he adjusts to the life of a country boy.
Slowly but surely  Crawl s distinctive.
Outgoing nature begins to win over the Warners.
Crawl attempts to save Walter Sr.
S life he gains a little of Jr s respect.
When Walter has a spell  however he ends up terrifying him instead however.
Crawl s abundant knowledge endear him to Zack.
Who starts to think as a big brother.
And Connie is brought out through Crawl s praise of her hidden good looks.
Soon everyone starts to see Crawl -- except for Travis  and Theo.
Whose job has been made much harder due.
Travis sets up a bachelor party and sets up Tracy.
To welcome Crawl.
To sing and dance.
The next morning Crawl and Tracy awaken  having apparently slept together.
Neither can remember.
What happened.
This upsets Becca.
Who immediately calls off the engagement.
Crawl  ashamed  leaves to hitchhike back.
However  Tracy discovers a bottle in her car  and.
The driver s seat has mysteriously been pushed far back.
She picks Crawl up.
They confront Theo and Travis.
Who claim responsibility.
Theo is praised  but fired by Walter on the spot.
Travis tries to confront Becca.
Crawl knocks him  revealing.
He had majored.
Tracy is then welcomed.
Crawl interrupts her  advising.
As Becca is about to reveal that the proposal was a hoax.
They should wait a while.
<EOS>
Mukund is hard working and intelligent young man.
Who is unable to find a job.
He faces a lot to day life for the things.
He has to depend on.
Every public officer like.
He meets.
Ask him.
Enraged he decides to fight against the system.
He is helped.
He applies for a government scheme.
Which the person is entitled on getting a well dug.
He manages to get the loan approved without even digging the well.
He files a case in the police station and court about his well getting stolen.
He is held as a mad man  because a well  a solid structure ca nt be stolen.
But then Mukund presents the proofs.
The court has to accept the proof and declare.
The well was indeed stolen.
Mukund wins the Lawsuit.
However Mukund rejects the decision and explain the people the real situation and warns them about the current state of corruption in the country.
The film ends  Do nt let the country to be proved stolen.
Today a well is proven to be stolen.
Addressed to the people.
<EOS>
The core plot begins.
Sexual and romantic engtanglements push the drama forward.
Gudrun delivers a soliloquy on the importance of personal life in revolution.
She puts particular emphasis  urging her comrades to join The Homosexual Intifada.
The pressure causes the group to break up.
Most escape into the night.
The characters are visited some time later.
Several have found happiness.
Che has become a terrorist trainer.
Patrick escapes.
Where they embark.
This action is reminiscent with the SLA.
Gudrun and Holger settle down and have a child named Ulrike.
Whom Gudrun believes could embody the next generation.
<EOS>
Entre Nous tells the story.
Who do nt recognise how unfulfilled they have been until they meet each other.
Lena  a pretty 18 year old  has been arrested and brought to an internment camp for Jews in the Pyrenees.
The camp is guarded.
One  Michel  writes her a note warning her  and offers her marriage as a means of escape.
She may be deported.
She accepts.
She discovers  she s dismayed to learn.
He too is Jewish.
She wo nt have the protection.
But she has no choice.
They hasten.
The hardworking Michel has got himself his own garage in Lyon.
They have two small daughters.
Lena meets Madeleine.
Madeleine   was an art student  and had married a fellow student.
Who comes.
Who was killed.
A widow  Madeleine drifted into marriage with an actor/black marketeer  Costa  and now has a son at the school.
The two women become inseparable.
They develop an intimacy.
Is based partly with their domestic situations.
Michel and Lena s marriage is fractious.
There are moments.
The film is primarily.
She and Madeleine  are about to open a dress shop in Paris.
<EOS>
The Buddha s Wife is the final film.
Forced we delve into.
What it means to follow a spiritual path.
This film seeks to shed light.
What happens when two primal forces  the Divine Feminine and the Sacred Masculine  begin to work together to create a more harmonious and peaceful world.
This story begins.
Before the Buddha was the Buddha.
The film takes us into the profound changes we.
The story unfolds.
All experience realized human beings.
We learn.
Theirs was a sacred marriage  a karmic journey.
He destined to become the Buddha  she  the Buddha s Wife.
We learn from Dr Angeles Arrien.
Sacred marriage is an esoteric term.
Rev.
Dr Matthew Fox explains.
We all have these two energies  the feminine and masculine   whether we re male or female.
His Holiness the Dalai Lama shares his struggles.
He describes these forces.
A person becomes stronger.
When they are.
Rinchen Khando and Tendzin Choegyal share.
What they ve learned during their 37 years of marriage and how integrating these two life forces within themselves individually has helped develop each of them spiritually.
Ogyen Trinley Dorje  The 17th Karmapa talks  yet in his everyday life.
He has a strong feminine emotion  and relates childhood memories that affected how he developed his inner feminine.
And then Tibetan Oracles and Mediums  Lhamo Yudronma  Khandro Choechen  and Khando Lhamo Tseringma bridge heaven and earth  past and future  known and unknown  showing us.
We do.
<EOS>
LAPD Sergeants Martin Riggs and Roger Murtaugh arrive.
They go inside to investigate the bomb.
Riggs decides to deactivate the bomb himself instead of waiting to arrive.
Unfortunately  he causes the bomb to collapse.
This causes them to be demoted.
Upsets Murtaugh because he only has seven days.
The two thwart a robbery using a duplicate armored car.
They only manage to catch one.
It is discovered.
The criminals were armed  informally referred to as cop killers.
Riggs and Murtaugh are reinstated as Detectives by their superior  Captain Murphy.
Murphy introduces internal affairs Sergeant Lorna Cole and informs them  Jack Travis.
The suspect they have from the raid is a known associate of former LAPD Lieutenant and suspected arms dealer.
The other criminal is brought before Travis.
Who escaped.
Who is conducting a business meeting to account for his actions which have led to police heat being focused on Travis  arms business.
Travis has his henchman throw the thief and has it filled with cement so as to display to Tyrone.
What happens.
Travis then goes  using his still valid police badge  gains access to the other raider  and executes him.
Travis is unaware.
He has committed this execution.
They are able to identify him using the footage.
When Cole and Riggs arrive.
Back Riggs  Murtaugh and Cole are reviewing the footage of the execution.
When they are interrupted.
Leo manages to recognise Travis and tells them.
When the detectives put the footage to talk to Leo.
Where he can be found.
A botched attempt to publicly arrest Travis follows.
The detectives believe that they may now have a lead.
En route to rendezvous  Murtaugh and Riggs come under fire from Tyrone s thugs.
Murtaugh kills one  Darryl  a young man.
Murtaugh s son Nick had recently been emulating.
Murtaugh  visibly distraught  stays.
Riggs continues on to meet Cole.
Riggs and Cole are attacked by Travis s henchmen and the two detectives gain the upper hand  secure most of the armament shipment.
The same evening they fall.
Murtaugh had become withdrawn.
He helps Murtaugh get over his guilt.
His father implores Murtaugh to catch the man.
Who put the gun.
Riggs  Cole and Murtaugh arrest and interrogate Tyrone learning his weapons come and raid a garage with more people working for Travis.
Travis  no longer able to procure weapons to being exposed on the footage from the execution  has Captain Murphy kidnapped in a bid to use his clearance to gain access to the arms dumps.
The garage workers were connected.
When Cole notices information has been hacked.
They head to stop him.
A major firefight breaks out.
Murphy manages to free himself.
Most are either killed or apprehended.
Travis manages to escape.
Riggs and Murtaugh vow to catch him.
Site details provided by Leo  the three depart for the construction site.
The detectives come under heavy fire and eventually manage to destroy most of the site and Travis  men.
Travis is himself shot and killed with his own armor-piercing bullets  after Travis shoots and wounds Cole and attempts to finish her off.
Cole  however  manages to survive.
She took the extra precaution.
She and Riggs admit.
They would like to get more serious.
Roger tells his family    preserving his partnership with Riggs  a choice.
Who start celebrating his retirement.
He has decided to remain.
His family slowly comes to accept.
Riggs and Murtaugh pass a hotel.
Is. 
Riggs decides to take another try.
But  the building blows up  forcing Riggs and Murtaugh to drive under the exasperated groan  I m too old for this shit.
They can even get out.
<EOS>
The film opens pulling off a bank heist with their mob.
Their boss is killed and replaced.
Disapproving  Brian and Charlie wish to leave.
A corrupt auto dealer  Norm   desiring the same  tells Casey of this.
Casey kills Norm to make an example  apparently intending to spare Brian and Charlie.
Meanwhile  Brian meets and begins a romantic relationship.
Brian and Charlie ultimately come up  whilst robbing a Triad gang of their ill-gotten money through drug dealing.
However  Casey  no longer trusting Brian and Charlie  plans to betray them  ordering his hit men  Abbott and Morley  to kill them during the robbery.
Brian and Charlie s plan  to rob the Triads and flee  goes well.
Their car runs out  as Brian had forgotten to refill it.
They flee the gunfight and hide in a nunnery  dressing up as Nuns and introducing themselves to the Sister Superior  Liz as Sisters Euphemia and Inviolata.
Enraged  Casey places a bounty.
Faith   goes.
Who witnessed the gunfight and saw Brian and Charlie enter the nunnery.
She is taken.
Sister Liz notices a gunshot wound.
Brian spots her  and confronts her  telling her.
He is married and wants her to leave them alone.
Faith lets slip.
She is going to confess.
Brian  worried  enlists Charlie s help.
The priest  Father Seamus  may advise Faith to go.
Faith admits.
She does love Brian.
Brian advises her to keep her trap shut and lie.
She has.
However   the Triads abduct her and interrogate her.
Faith leaves the church.
Faith tells them.
Casey will most likely have it  as Brian and Charlie worked.
The Triads release her.
She bumps and bangs her head.
When she falls over  ending up.
Brian attempts to call Faith.
She does not answer.
They break.
Morley and Abbott come looking for her.
They narrowly escape  at the cost of leaving their nun attire behind.
That night   Brian and Charlie sneak back into the nunnery through the window of a rather eccentric nun  Sister Mary  and starts a commotion.
Who wakes up.
Brian and Charlie make it into their spare nun clothes.
Charlie convinces Brian.
Alone. 
Their best option now is to take their money and just go.
Brian learns and goes to see her.
Faith is.
Brian begs Charlie to let him bring Faith.
Charlie refuses  spotting a Triad posing  waiting for them.
Brian and Charlie prepare to carry out their plan.
Sister Mary spots them and recognises them.
Who broke by noticing Charlie s growing beard.
They tie her up and break.
The other nuns catch.
Them and they are forced to tell them the truth.
Unfortunately  Abbott sees them steal a man s truck.
He and Morley give chase.
Do Sisters Liz and Mary.
Abbott contacts Casey   as do the Triads.
Who joins the chase.
Who were watching him.
Brian directs Charlie.
Where he tells Faith the truth whilst Charlie distracts their enemies and the police.
Ultimately  Casey  Morley and Abbott meet their individual fates  disguised.
Brian and Charlie escape.
Stealing an ambulance.
The Triads spot them  but are unable to give chase.
Sisters Liz and Mary find.
A briefcase left behind accidentally by Brian and Charlie  and decide to donate it to a drug rehabilitation clinic.
Brian and Charlie book a flight to Brazil for themselves and Faith.
A security guard appears and demands to speak.
The final scene shows Faith alone.
Brian and Charlie appear.
<EOS>
Mel Funn  a great film director  is now recovering and down on his luck.
He sets out to pitch a new script to the Chief  aided by his ever-present sidekicks Dom Bell and Marty Eggs.
His big idea  the first silent motion picture.
The Chief   rejects the idea.
Who is.
Funn convinces him.
If he can get Hollywood s biggest stars to be  he could save the studio.
Funn  Eggs  and Bell proceed to recruit various people.
Their first target is Burt Reynolds.
Whom they first surprise.
This does not go well.
They are able to sign him.
They recruit James Caan  and then torture Liza Minnelli at the commissary.
They then disguise themselves  and sign her on as well after a comical dance sequence.
News breaks out.
The Chief has taken ill and is.
Mel phones Marcel Marceau  Non.
There. 
Who apparently declines the offer  delivering the only line in the film  in French.
It is never stated  but can be inferred.
Marceau later changed his mind.
Paul Newman is seen.
He asks to be in the film.
Funn and company reply ll get back to you.
A newspaper ad indicates.
They rejected Newman.
The trio have a number of brief but funny misadventures  including a mixup between two German Shepherds  a flying blueberry pie  and several efforts by Marty Eggs to seduce various women.
The most notable encounter involves a Coca Cola machine.
Dispenses cans.
Engulf and Devour  meanwhile  worry.
They will be unable to buy it.
They attempt to stop Funn by sending voluptuous nightclub sensation Vilma Kaplan to seduce Funn and pretend to be in love with him.
Funn falls head.
The director returns.
When Eggs and Bell reveal the truth before filming begins.
Ironically  moments is seen calling Mr Engulf with the news  she has fallen for Funn for real.
She is quitting.
She and Funn s associates find the director.
Several hundred cups sober him up.
Funn s silent movie is completed.
Unfortunately  the only copy is stolen from the theater by Engulf & Devour just before its big premiere.
Vilma volunteers to stall the theater s audience act.
Funn and his associates go out to steal back their film.
They succeed  but are chased.
They are eventually cornered.
Fortunately they are.
They use.
Most  including Mr Devour  are disabled by the exploding cans of Coke  allowing Funn  Eggs  and Bell to escape.
They hurry the film.
Where it is shown.
The audience applauds wildly and leaps.
The movie is over.
Balloons and streamers fill the air.
They seem to like it  Funn says.
The film ends.
A title card is shown  This is a true story.
<EOS>
The first experience follows Jeffrey and his brother Clifford.
Where the boys live.
The boys look among their homeless companions  learning.
To survive.
The brothers join a group of surfers from Surf For The Cause traveling to Peru.
There  they visit a hospital.
The boys are surprised to find joy despite serious medical problems.
The film features commentary from spiritual  artistic  and medical experts and philosophers  including William B.
Hurlbut M.
D.
Rabbi Simon Jacobson  Dr Alveda King  and Rev.
Richard Neuhaus.
Their final experience takes the brothers  along Michael Campo and Matthew Sanchez  to Africa.
Michael is.
The boys meet victims of AIDS and their families.
They befriend disfigured lepers.
They reach the leper colony.
Who have been exiled.
The boys return to their life in New York with a changed outlook and insight into the human condition.
Also  Jeffrey and Clifford have a surprise meeting with their father and are reunited with their father.
Their father has not seen his children.
Jeffrey and Clifford still love him.
<EOS>
Veteran cop Mike Turner is brought in to help solve a string.
He soon finds himself along.
Hodges seeking to catch a murderous psycho called Bishop.
Who s gone.
Only problem is.
This killer has lost his soul and is no longer human  but a seemingly indestructible demonic being  intent on destroying the lives of everyone around Mike  and shall not stop until he has cost Mike not just his life  but his soul.
<EOS>
Set  the story is about robber Harker Fleet.
Who is sent by former partner Timothy Nolan.
A small band help Fleet break out  now he is going to settle scores with Nolan for railroading him.
<EOS>
Madhvi is an orphan living.
Who arranges her marriage.
She returns  only to find him dead.
She then runs away  and meets with a friend Poonam.
Who is a widow and her child.
The three travel together.
Who have never seen her.
Unfortunately  the train meets  killing the widow.
Who leaves the child.
Madhvi assumes the identity and travels along with the child to her.
She is welcomed.
She finds out.
Her uncle had arranged her marriage.
Kamal is angry and bitter.
His to-be wife treated him.
Kamal is attracted.
She tries to distance herself  fearing.
He will find out the truth.
Then Shabnam and Kailash re-enter her life  making her look  turning her in-laws against her  and turning Kamal s love into resentment.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
K. 
A. 
Dada Thakur.
Dada Thakur has been the head of the village.
His family consists.
Dada Thakur and Lakshmi are virtually.
Dada Thakur is highly respected.
His word is considered law.
Arjun gets married.
Meena resents her husband s subservience to his elder brother.
She becomes respectful.
When she realizes that Dada Thakur helped her father.
Everyone awaits Dada Thakur s decision.
When Arjun is wrongly accused.
This decision affects everyone.
<EOS>
Asya is a research assistant working.
Taking her 5-year-old daughter  Asya embarks on a journey back to her hometown with the dream of starting over again.
There she gets a new job.
She starts working.
Is about to change her entire life along.
Asya and her students come.
Conducting research.
A local mobster called.
Yengec Salih killed a midwife called Nuriye  claiming that she was a prostitute.
Charges were dropped.
When he told the court that he killed the woman.
The students  struck  decide to reenact the case and try Salih one more time.
<EOS>
Con men sent to fix a gas leak.
Eddie Farrel and Lou Pesquino need cash fast and pretend to be repair men.
The con fails.
They escape.
Eddie and Lou find an empty house.
They decide to burglarize.
The man ca nt make it  they spend the night.
Who was going to.
The next day  Eddie and Lou are from thugs sent by local gangster Sal Nichols.
Whom they owe money.
Eddie takes refuge.
They find themselves separated.
Eddie walks out of the shower and meets Mona Malkin.
Whose son owns the house.
She assumes.
Eddie is her son s friend Jonathan Albertson  the one supposed.
Eddie plays along  meeting Mona s businessman husband Milt.
Who offers him a job.
Eddie decides to run a love con.
Order to gain access.
However  Lou is captured.
Eddie and his aunt and uncle conspire to get Nichols for good.
Eddie falls in love with Annie.
<EOS>
One night  a pretty young girl  Sonia  gets down and runs towards the Railway station in Deena Pur asking for a ticket to Bombay.
The train pulls off the station.
She can board.
She does nt have any place to go and decides to wait.
She s carrying an attache case containing jewellery worth lakhs.
She deposits it.
He safely locks.
He offers to drop her.
Rohit feels it s not safe for her to wait.
She readily agrees.
It s so obvious.
She s running away.
Rohit feels but she denies the accusation.
She must have stolen the jewellery.
She tells him.
She inherited them.
There are goons.
And she s escaping.
He buys the story and assured  he goes back.
She s safe and comfortable there.
Sitting  he goes back in time and lives in flashback for a while thinking about.
He first came.
He s riding a motorcycle to his uncle s house for his cousin s wedding.
He sees a car ahead of him.
They have a race.
Rashmi s car runs out of petrol.
Attempting to help her and also not wanting to lose an opportunity  he empties all the petrol from his motorcycle into Rahmi s car and decides to travel along in her car.
But  she drives off.
He can get in.
He gets stuck and finally manages to get a lift in a lorry.
They meet a couple during his stay there.
They fall.
Her father  Diwan Sardarilal  is looking.
Who has been looking now.
And Diwan feels.
Moti Babu is.
Rashmi presents Rohit.
He agrees to hire him.
Rashmi has a hunch and tells Rohit.
Moti Babu is not as honest as he appears to be.
Rohit immediately begins auditing the records and discovers.
A huge sum has been missing.
Moti Babu  scared  plots.
The truth will come out.
The best way would be to somehow make her dislike him.
Rashmi is so fond.
To get Rohit out.
They have a celebration with lots of Bhaang followed a dance Satra baras ki.
And he manages to prove.
Rohit tried and has cheated on Rashmi.
He s thrased in front of the villagers and asked to leave the place immediately.
Moti Babu is celebrating his victory.
Rashmi happens to witness this and is disgusted.
Much wish.
She leaves the house and runs away do premee.
They go to Bombay and get married.
Two men show up.
They wake him up.
They introduce themselves and enquire about a girl with an attache - Sonia.
They tell him and has run away.
She has stolen some valuables.
They are investigating the case.
Rohit does nt reveal her whereabouts.
Suspicious. 
He goes and confronts her.
But she tells him.
She has nt stolen anything and gives him her mother s letter.
He s convinced.
She s innocent.
He comes back.
It s raining very heavily outside.
Standing he stares out and gets into a flashback mode again.
This time the newly wed Rashmi and Rohit are singing Bheegi bheegi raaton mein.
Brought up the way  Rashmi does nt know much.
She was.
She has a tough time trying to learn.
To cook.
They get acquainted.
Who lives.
He also helps her develop her culinary skills.
Rohit works gets bored sitting at home the whole day with nothing to do.
She starts painting and wants the painting to Rohit on his birthday.
She has a good knowledge.
One fine day Chetan suggests her to start modelling.
Having seen.
His boss  M.
M.
Puri deals  Rohit s not happy about the modelling idea.
But Reshmi  is not used to live the way and does nt like compromising for every little thing.
She is living.
And she remains adamant.
Rohit gives in.
Indifferences start creeping.
Rohit is understanding and does all.
He can to keep Rashmi happy.
His ego keeps coming.
She becomes a top model and even goes on to win a beauty pageant.
And she s so thrilled.
She realizes.
She s expecting.
She wants to pursue her career and thinks and even thinks.
It s not the right time to start a family.
But Rohit wants the child.
So she decides to keep it.
One day Rohit calls.
She slips and falls down the staircase.
When she goes down.
This results.
But Rohit feels.
She got an abortion done and gets mad.
They have a row.
He walks out.
Having realized  he comes back home and apologizes.
He overreacted.
Only he finds out.
Rashmi has left the house and gone.
He later on learns and had a miscarriage.
She had fallen down.
He calls her.
She desont speak.
He resigns.
He sets out to bring her back.
He goes but learns.
They have left the place and gone.
Noone knows.
When they ll come back.
Devastated  he goes.
There s a letter there  a legal notice asking for a divorce.
Not knowing  he seeks employment.
What to do next.
He gets the post of a Station Master at a remote hill station  Deena Pur.
Back to present  he s.
Mr Saxena comes to meet him.
He s surprised to see Mr Saxena.
Mr Saxena says.
He had come hunting.
He leaves.
But he is humiliated.
He is poor.
He also vows.
He ll earn enough money and get Rashmi back.
But he does nt know.
To get so much.
He eyes the safe attache.
And next  he is arrested.
Did Rohit really kill Sonia.
<EOS>
Junior Asparagus is anxious to be finished.
Bob the Tomato reads a letter about waiting by directing a Bible-times interview with Abraham  Sarah and their promised son  Isaac.
.
Their patience is tested.
This episode s second segment is Blunders.
It is nearing the time.
There have nt been any Boo-Boo Birds spotted.
The festival is.
The town s residents ca nt come up.
Jacques learns a tough lesson.
Things are done correctly when an attempt to bring back the boo-boo birds does nt go as smoothly as hoped.
One gone awry creating a rift in his friendship with Maurice.
He must embark alone.
He learns his lesson.
<EOS>
Charlie Rockit s aunt and uncle are.
They need $ 50000 to replace their tractor.
To raise the money  Chuck E.
Cheese and his friends decide on the planet Orion.
They face many challenges.
S practically junk  cheating competitors  and a woman named Astrid whom Chuck E.
Falls. 
Who s only interested.
Everything seems to go to worse for Chuck E.
Him train.
But just when he s  he meets a hermit named Harry who gets him to believe in himself and helps.
Overcomes the cheaters  maneuvers  getting stuck to reach the finish line.
And his friends head home.
<EOS>
The film is.
Where a lot will happen.
<EOS>
Shemp has died and is  talking with his Uncle Mortimer.
Mortimer is.
Shemp will remain.
It does not look good.
Furthermore  it comes to light.
Cousins Moe and Larry have also not been.
Seeing this  Uncle Mortimer gives Shemp the chance to reform Moe and Larry from their evil ways.
He can gain entry.
The catch is.
Shemp can not be seen nor heard  much to his delight.
Back are crying their eyes out.
Attending the reading with their attorney  I.
Fleecem.
Seems.
Shemp has left.
The boys grumble.
Invisible Shemp swipes the money back  putting it in Moe and Larry s pockets.
They get spooked  and then remember Shemp saying.
When they realize money has magically reappeared.
He would come back to haunt them.
They brush this off  but do not completely clear their heads.
Afterwards  Moe and Larry rent a luxury apartment  complete  and rent tuxedos.
The boys have a grand scheme.
Involves the conning the DePuysters into buying a fountain pen that will write under whipped cream.
Shemp enters the luxurious apartment and terrorises Spiffingham the Butler.
He then smacks Moe and Larry to let.
Them know he is there.
Moe and Larry remain  but frightened.
Their butler has run off.
The DePuysters show up  and promptly receive dollops.
When Shemp turns the mixer.
Shemp begins yelling.
A few moments later  he awakes  realizing.
This was all a dream.
Then   he discovers.
The bed is from a cigarette he was smoking.
Moe hits him.
Larry gives him a pen and tells Shemp to write himself a letter.
<EOS>
Molly Keller  narrowly misses being murdered  after managing to escape an island.
Five years later  she takes a forensic psychology class.
Are Jason Korda  Chantal Etienne  Marisa Tavares  Eddie Sackman  Mary-Anne Nordstrom  Andrea Carter and Aaron Kroeker.
Marshall pranks his class by pretending to murder one of the students  to show.
Anyone could be a killer.
Aaron reveals.
He knows.
Eddie hits.
She rejects him.
The group  excluding Aaron  meet for a study session  however have an argument over Molly s hostile attitude.
They decide to go.
Jason attempts to get to know Molly.
She remains distant.
Meanwhile  Marisa has sex.
She hears Chantal and Andrea talking.
Marisa decides to leave  but is taken up.
She is soon attacked and stabbed.
She falls out a window.
A chain  wrapped  catches her.
The killer hoists her back up and stabs her  before sending her body crashing through a window into the party below.
The next day  the group mourn Marisa s death.
Deciding they will try and identify who the killer is.
Molly meets Detective Kelso.
Who was part.
The pair go.
Where Detective Kelso warns Molly that he believes the killer is back.
Mary-Anne is driving home to see her family.
When a black truck begins to ram.
She attempts to drive away.
The truck pushes her.
The truck hits her car again  causing her to crash and plummet to her death.
She attempts to get out.
Detective Kelso finds her body.
Where the killer has stabbed her repeatedly.
Molly challenges Marshall  and shows.
The killer is following the pattern.
Jason manages to persuade the group to continue investigating.
Molly and Jason discover a murderer previously held Marshall hostage.
Chantal kisses Jason  but soon apologises.
The pair make friends.
She is pursued.
Andrea is at the morgue identifying Mary-Anne s wounds.
Who drugs her.
Jason  Chantal  and Eddie find out.
Causes an argument resulting removing herself from the group.
An upset Molly is comforted.
The following night  Molly  Jason  Eddie  Chantal  and Marshall are taken.
Where they realize the victims share the same initials.
Suspicion falls.
Who was the one that assembled the study group.
They attempt.
The phone is not working.
Eddie  Jason  and Chantal leave to try and fix the phone satellite.
Molly and Chantal fall out.
Their car soon breaks down  forcing Jason to carry on.
Eddie attempts to fix the car.
Chantal remains inside.
The killer soon appears and knocks out Chantal.
Eddie s hand is trapped.
Chantal wakes up and panics  driving the car forward  killing Eddie.
The killer chases Chantal.
Where she accidentally activates a log splitting machine.
She bumps.
Who warns her.
Who the killer is.
She tries to escape.
They fall.
Where they are both mutilated.
Back  Molly becomes suspicous of both Jason and Marshall.
Molly knocks him out.
Jason arrives back.
She discovers Marshall standing.
Detective Kelso arrives and knocks.
Molly then hallucinates and sees her younger self  gesturing to the two men and suggesting.
Molly is the one who killed them all.
Later  Marshall is executed.
Molly is put in an insane asylum.
It has been said.
The killer was never definitively named.
There is suggestion.
Detective Kelso is actually the killer.
As the young Molly escapes on a boat  she stabs the killer in the hand.
He attempts to climb after her.
Detective Kelso is seen to be wearing only one glove on the same hand.
The killer was stabbed.
<EOS>
It is New Year s weekend.
The friends gather at his newly inherited country house.
Ten years ago  they all acted together.
They have gone in different directions and various career paths.
Peter s friends are Andrew  now a writer  married jingle writers Roger and Mary  glamorous costume designer Sarah  and eccentric Maggie.
Who works.
Cast to the university chums are Carol  the American TV star wife of Andrew  and loutish Brian  Sarah s very recently acquired lover.
Law plays Peter s disapproving housekeeper  Vera  and Lowe  her son Paul.
Richard Briers appears.
Serious overtones are present.
The film is primarily a comedy.
Peter s father has died  and so Peter plans to sell the house.
Roger and Mary are recovering.
Andrew and Carol s troubled marriage is played mainly.
A lonely Maggie arrives determined to persuade Peter.
They should be more than just friends.
Sarah s not as happy.
She appears.
Meanwhile Peter is forced to break some heart-wrenching news.
The film deals.
It has often been described.
<EOS>
He becomes convinced.
When Nat sees a tabloid photo kissing a young Frenchman during her around the world cruise.
He s losing her and goes.
Threatens to prevent him.
Desperate to snap him out  Alex leads Nat into the wilderness  believing.
Surviving the perils will lead Nat to discover his inner strength and regain his mojo.
But Alex knows  so he enlists the aid of his band mates to clandestinely stage events designed to make.
Failure is nt an option.
Nat believe he s a wilderness hero.
They made a plan.
When it seemed that the band is not helping.
The movie includes the debut.
Rosalina comes back  explains her mistakes  and they kiss and hug.
<EOS>
Eva Boutelle is a businesswoman.
Whose husband Harry is out.
Meantime  she meets colleague Frank.
Who is also married.
They start an affair.
<EOS>
A piano tuner in San Francisco  Kyoko  meets Tetsuo  a Japanese layabout on the run from his debts in Japan.
Kyoko tells Tetsuo.
She is a pianist who has come to kill herself.
They become romantically involved.
She admits.
She was lying.
Kyoko starts living but then has to leave.
She persuades Tetsuo to come back.
Kyoko comes back to her job tuning pianos.
She is hit.
The driver  Okouchi  apologizes  and offers compensation.
But she refuses the offer  saying.
The accident was her fault.
He falls with Kyoko  and proposes marriage.
However  Kyoko can not forget Tetsuo.
She mails several letters but gets no reply.
She later discovers the bar.
Which he promised to meet her does not exist.
She flies  and finds Tetsuo lying in bed.
An American woman emerges.
Kyoko runs away.
Tetsuo runs to the airport.
She has already left.
Tetsuo decides to go in pursuit of Kyoko.
Back  Kyoko decides to marry Okouchi.
Tetsuo turns up and gets frustrated.
Okouchi punches him.
When he tries to talk on the street.
Tetsuo goes to deal  and ends up in jail.
Kyoko and Okouchi get married and go.
Tetsuo s father gets him out and lends Tetsuo his car to chase after Kyoko.
Tetsuo intercepts them.
He finally gains her attention.
Okouchi starts a fight.
Neither man emerges a clear winner.
Okouchi decides.
He has had enough.
Kyoko finds Tetsuo.
Where they first met.
Tetsuo is flying a kite  only this time  the kite reads Kyoko.
<EOS>
Gustad Noble is a Parsi bank clerk.
Who lives just before the Indo-Pakistani War of.
He seems to be a self-centred  self-involved neurotic man.
Who is so tied up for perceived slights both past and present.
He can not seem to connect.
He is haunted.
He is baffled in his eldest son  Sohrab.
Who is having a difficult coming.
A childhood friend  Jimmy Bilimoria  has become a swashbuckling  swaggering member.
Major Jimmy has abandoned a lifelong friendship with Gustad without warning or explanation.
Gustad is angry and resentful.
Gustad encourages him to bring his art to the eyesore of a wall in front of his house.
He feels will give the artist s work a permanence which he can not achieve.
Where he has been working up.
The artist is  stating.
Impermanence is the way  but eventually comes to begin his work there.
Desperate to protect his family  Gustad seeks help from a friend at the bank  Dinshawji  a bumbling  foolish man.
Both are put by Jimmy s shadowy machinations and his eventual incarceration by the government.
Wracked and caught between their fear of being caught by the government and the fear of retaliation by the Major s thuggish  and often invisible  associates  Gustad and Dinshawji forge ahead with trepidation to implement the Major s money-laundering plan.
Gustad is driven to admonish Dinshawji about his buffoonish and lewd behaviour around one of the bank secretaries  and indeed around most of the other employees in general.
They decide.
In order to cover up the real reason  they will explain the new quieter Dinshawja by spreading a rumour that he has fallen ill.
Later  Gustad will realize.
This was inadvertently prophetic.
He is stricken.
The stress may have led to the actual collapse of Dinshawja s health.
Gustad s youngest child  his daughter  Roshan  is stricken.
Leads their oldest son to argue and leave home.
Her family is and  despite her qualms  begins a ritual to transfer the bad luck to the simpleton Tehmul  played to devastating effect by Kurush Deboo.
Gustad and Dilnavaz go  at the end  he says  and do nt worry about my hip  it s not that important.
Where Gustad makes a simple  heartfelt prayer.
Government officials take Major Jimmy.
When they discover his plot to divert government funds.
Broken  Major Jimmy asks for Gustad s forgiveness from his deathbed in a hospital jail.
Gustad struggles his imposition on that friendship and eventually forced involvement in the Major s plot.
Put his family and friends  understanding at the end just how much Major Jimmy sacrificed to hide Gustad s inadvertent.
Shortly thereafter  the war erupts.
He catches the simpleton  Tehmul  making love.
When Gustad patrols the building where he rents a room to make sure all the lights are off.
What he sees.
The terrible loneliness is quickly tempered by a compassion of which he most likely would have been incapable at the beginning of the movie.
Meanwhile  the wall has been transformed from a trash clogged public urinal to a beautiful mural.
The local residents treat.
Acting  a riot breaks out  resulting in the death of the simpleton Temuhl.
When municipal work crews show up to break the wall down.
Gustad experiences a moment of clarity and openness.
Leads him to step out with the perception of his own pain and truly experience the fullness of his compassion for others.
Gustad moves at the chaos around him  clearly feeling.
Isolated and that his life is spinning out.
His disconnection and alienation is underscored are presented  strung like pearls  a part of Gustad.
If they are discrete events which are whole.
Though they are all connected and as much.
He is.
His transformation is subtle  but steady.
He has become.
He has   internalized and accepted an observation made by the artist.
Many arise from our attempts to deny the fact of the impermanent nature of the universe and to impose our ideas of permanence in its place.
Gustad bids farewell.
He nonchalantly walks off while municipal workers tear down the painted wall.
<EOS>
Doug Masters and his wingman test the.
Airspace west of Alaska.
Their antics get.
Them carried away  as they stray.
They are being escorted back.
S.
Airspace  one has Doug on.
Doug requests to break formation and engage the Soviet aircraft  but is denied.
He is immediately shot down  but safely.
Where he is promptly captured.
Several years have passed.
Doug is still haunted as a prisoner.
He works  but is shortly recruited by retired Gen.
Charles Chappy Sinclair to be an instructor.
Chappy needs Doug s help.
His school is overrun.
These students were taken in as a means of rehabilitating them.
Doug is not happy to be an instructor.
Chappy assures him.
He will see results in a week.
Still  he shows no interest.
Where the delinquents face off children.
She attempts to take her training plane and fly out.
Doug pursues her and tells her to land and stay there until further orders.
Rudy Marlowe encounter a platoon.
Is ordered to kill them.
Doug intervenes  allowing the teens to leave the air base.
Chappy is told.
Gen.
Brad Kettle head that night to investigate on that platoon s activity on a storage bunker.
Doug describes to Chappy his eyewitness account.
They are escorted out by Air Force Intelligence.
Are revealed to be chemical weapons.
Doug leaves the school  frustrated.
Chappy was not there to save him that time.
Chappy is given a notice.
His flight program is terminated immediately.
His students are returned to juvenile hall.
Wheeler  however  avoids capture and steals a trainer plane  creating a diversion.
Allows the students to hijack the bus and head back.
Chappy and the students relocate their planes  Doug meets up with them afterward.
Chappy then organizes the students to infiltrate the airbase and acquire enough resources.
Kitty Shaw uses her computer hacking skills to gain access to classified data.
She and Chappy discover Operation Pandora.
Which the chemical weapons are to be used with regimes deemed hostile.
They print out the data.
Meanwhile  Dana Osborne and Rudy attempt to stop the convoy  but are shot down.
Rudy is shot.
They attempt to escape.
Doug and the others arrive and capture one of the soldiers.
Chappy and his team accompany Kettle  only to realize.
Kettle is part.
Using a swarm as a means of psychological interrogation  Doug gets the captured soldier to reveal the location of the convoy.
He then phones Chappy  but discovers.
His team has been apprehended.
Chappy is told by Kettle.
The first target is Cuba.
Kitty hacks the computer to set off the fire extinguishing units  giving Chappy s team time to escape.
Kettle leaves the chamber.
A stray shot ruptures the canister  contaminating the chamber and killing Dr Francis Gully and everyone inside.
Chappy sends a radio message  warning everyone.
Kitty and Peter sneak.
Kettle orders his fighter squadron to shoot down the trainer planes.
The squadron attacks the trainers  only to be confronted by Doug.
Who has commandeered a fighter plane.
Doug and the students shoot down the attackers promptly.
He then plays the cassette tape Chappy recorded before killing ace pilot Maj.
Miles Pierce.
The students approach the cargo plane and attack it.
Peter creates a diversion by opening the cargo door  causing the soldiers aboard to fall out.
This leads.
Who is ejected when Kitty assumes the controls.
Peter then jettisons all into the ocean.
Seeing his mission  Kettle prepares to kill Chappy.
When Doug suddenly attacks the airbase  giving Chappy time to escape.
Kettle enters the contaminated chamber - his fate unknown.
Police arrive.
Days later  Wheeler tells Doug.
She is heading.
He convinces her to stay.
The Iron Eagle Flight School then prepares.
<EOS>
The film follows one night guard Alastair s shift at a run down hotel bar and adjacent car park facilities.
The ensuing night brings forth an eclectic mix to a bizarre hustler gang and an Internet webcam hostess.
A crossroads  truths are uncovered.
Where relationships begin to crack.
Loyalties are tested.
Alastair has to keep his wits  patience and his nerve to survive the night.
<EOS>
Red Grange is thrown off the Clay College football team.
Red attacks him.
Red then proceeds to investigate and hunt down the head.
Red eventually clears his name.
Both he and Buddy are reinstated.
<EOS>
Bhagat Singh was born.
He witnessed numerous atrocities committed on fellow Indians by their British rulers.
Who came to trade  but ended up controlling most of the nation  and permitting tyrants such as General Reginald Dyer to massacre thousands of innocent men  women and children in Jallianwala Bagh.
He was impressed by Mohandas K.
Gandhi  especially his call to launch the non-cooperation movement   giving up school  college studies  and government jobs -- only to be let down.
Led burning British-made clothing.
When he called off the movement.
Undaunted  Bhagat Singh decided to be a revolutionary   then as a grown-up joining the Hindustan Republic Association.
His father  Kishan  paid Rs.
60000 / - and bailed him out.
That he could get him to run a dairy-farm and get married.
Bhagat  daringly carried out the assassination of a police officer named Saunders.
When Lala Lajpat Rai was beaten by the police.
Eventually led.
He was lodged  tortured and beaten mercilessly.
But being a revolutionary was   he initiated.
When the British proposed the Trade Disputes and Public Safety Bills.
The bombing  with Batukeshwar Dutt  was arrested  and tried in an open court.
This is.
Where Bhagat launched his much-publicized revolution  and became popular so much so that his popularity rivaled that of Gandhi himself.
Bhagat made headline news.
When he and other prisoners undertook a 63-day fast unto death to improve the conditions.
Then the British re-opened the Saunders  murder case.
Led. 
The entire nation rose up  including the Congress party -- with the ball in Gandhi s court.
He was due to sign the Irwin Pact.
Indians hoped.
He would use this to save the lives of the heroic trio.
<EOS>
Follows three sex workers  Shabana  Bhaskar  and Uma  a former theater actress.
Who lives.
The film follows their daily routines.
<EOS>
The film tells the story during the first Christmas on a newly-colonized Mars.
The main character  Major Syrtis  is trying to organise a Christmas pageant to celebrate the birth.
Coyne explains  Major Syrtis finds an unlikely ally.
This birth is also special  Fortunately.
The Martian is nt really perceived.
People just sort of think.
He s another crazy guy who s flipped and turned himself green.
They ca nt find a quick replacement.
They just use this Martian guy.
So the Martian guy becomes the Martian and Santa Claus.
<EOS>
The story focuses.
Who   determines that the world will end in 101 years.
However  he is ridiculed and so invents a time machine in order to collect evidence from the future to prove his case.
But each visit causes him more problems.
He makes.
He eventually becomes a wanted man.
<EOS>
The recently dismissed Police Commissioner of Chennai I.
G Raghavan Maraar standing  describes in a voice-over about his termination due to a common man walked into his life and turning everything.
This scene leads.
An unnamed man is shown strategically placing a travel bag and in a shopping mall.
He proceeds to place another bag   in the toilet of a police station located in Anna Salai  Chennai.
He then arrives under construction and sets up his base of operations  equipped with various modern technology gadgets and instruments.
He calls up Maraar and informs him.
5 bombs have been placed throughout Chennai  which are programmed to explode simultaneously within four hours.
The common man demands.
He would like to negotiate.
Maraar seeks the services to act as the negotiator.
Maraar also alerts his team involved  tapping all the available resources in gathering preliminary information and tracing the location of the caller.
Meanwhile  the caller tips off television news reporter Natasha Rajkumar  telling her to reach Anna Salai police station immediately.
It is going to be the most important day.
Maraar initially suspects the anonymous caller to be bluffing.
His doubts are dispelled.
The caller  to prove his seriousness and the police force s helplessness  reveals that a bomb has been planted.
There is only 3 minutes left.
When the bomb disposal squad find the bomb.
The common man calls Maraar and tells him the instructions to deactivate the bomb.
The bomb is defused.
Natasha reaches the scene.
There is intense debate and the Chief Secretary on.
Who would act.
The chief minister does not want to get.
The Chief Secretary also does not want to take.
Hence  Maraar himself takes.
The common man demands the release.
Who have been involved and arrested for many of the major terrorist attacks and activities that have happened in the country during the previous decade.
Maraar cleverly uses Natasha to fake a report.
Four terrorists are being relocated  turning the caller s tool back onto him.
Maraar s men find out.
The caller is using advanced software to automatically switch the numbers and locations  rendering their manpower and the obsolete equipments useless and prompting them to employ the services of a young hacker  who turns out to be an IIT dropout.
Maraar is also able to obtain a facial composite of the caller with help of the police officer to.
Whom the caller had approached to lodge the fake FIR.
Much passes without any concrete results on the identity or the location of the caller.
Ultimately  Maraar agrees and puts two of his best men  Arif Khan and Sethuraman  in charge of handing over the four terrorists at the Sozhavaram airstrip.
Once there  the caller confirms the identity via a conference call with Arif and Maraar  and then asks Arif and Sethu to unlock their handcuffs and leave them alone at a particular spot.
Sethu orders.
Arif decides not to hand over Abdullah to ensure all the information regarding the locations of the bombs can be forced out from the caller.
Sethu argues and demands.
He do as ordered but Arif forcefully grabs the terrorist and starts walking away.
The caller  unaware  uses a cell phone placed in a rigged jeep at the spot to detonate an explosion.
They leave.
Which all the three terrorists perish.
Maraar tries to reason and tries to find out his religion  the justification for this action  any personal incidents.
Prompted him to take such an action etc.
The common man narrates an incident.
A Muslim woman was being tortured and molested.
The common man also says.
He can take actions.
The caller threatens to blow up the remaining bombs.
Arif and Sethu kill Abdullah.
The Chief Secretary tells.
Maraar that the Chief Minister has to know disagrees and tells her that he ll face the consequences.
Orders Arif to kill the terrorist.
The young hacker traces the caller s location but refuses to reveal it saying.
Natasha reports the scene.
The caller was actually brainy.
The hacker was only one among the billions.
But Maraar looks  discovers the location and leaves abruptly towards the site.
The caller calls up Maraar.
He is  for a final time to further reveal that he had not planted any other bomb in the city.
Maraar surprisingly declares.
He already knew there were no more bombs which makes it clear that his decision to kill the last terrorist was nt taken.
Maraar reaches the caller s location.
As the latter is leaving the place  having destroyed all his gadgets and equipments  leaving.
The two meet briefly.
When Maraar  identifying the anonymous caller  offers the man a ride home and introduces himself.
Both shake hands.
When Maraar s voice-over cuts back as he says the man told him his real name.
His name does nt have any significance.
The film ends  with Maraar admitting.
They all knew the common man was disturbed.
He never imagined him to go and have the guts to do something like that.
He also repeats.
The facts can not be found in any written record but only in the memories of those who actually witnessed it  and acknowledges that although the incidence has ambiguous moral significance  he personally feels that whatever happened  happened for the best.
<EOS>
Max Klein survives a crash.
Taking a business trip.
Max inexplicably became.
The plane was descending.
When he accepted he was going to die.
The revelation coaxed him to take it to comfort many of the fearful passengers  even moving to sit next to Byron Hummel  a young boy flying alone.
The psychological trauma transforms his personality.
He enters an altered state  rethinking his life and becoming preoccupied with existential questions of life and death.
Max  one of the plane s few survivors  rents a car and drives from the crash site in Bakersfield to Los Angeles  stopping on the way to see his old high school sweetheart  Alison.
Whom he had nt visited.
Alison notices Max eating a strawberry and inquires about his allergy to them.
Max grins and explains.
He s gotten and confidently finishes it with no problems.
He s tracked down by F.
B.
I.
Agents his odd choice to not contact his wife and family or remain with the other survivors.
Who question.
The airline sends a representative.
Who compensates him to go home to San Francisco.
Max declines the tickets  stating adamantly.
He wants to fly home and has no fear.
He meets Dr Bill Perlman  an airline-contracted psychiatrist.
Who offers.
Dr Perlman accompanies Max back.
Where his wife Lauren begins noticing his strange behavior.
Max matter-of-factly informs Nan Gordon  the wife.
Her husband Jeff died.
The media dubs Max The Good Samaritan and tries to interview him.
Byron comes to publicly thank him he comforted the passengers during the crash.
Max avoids making a statement.
Max becomes distant from Lauren and his son Jonah because of his preoccupation with his near death experience.
He comes to think as invulnerable to death  causing Dr Perlman to become concerned with Max s delusion.
Perlman encourages Max to meet.
The two can help support one another.
Carla   struggles  punishing herself for not holding onto him tightly enough.
Who lost her baby son.
When his seat belt malfunctioned.
Max and Carla bond and develop an intimate friendship and free herself.
He helps her to get.
Max  Lauren  and Nan meet.
Who encourages Max to exaggerate his testimony in order to increase Nan s compensation settlement offer.
Max states his discomfort but reluctantly agrees.
When he considers Nan s financial predicament.
The unease causes Max to have a panic attack.
He runs out.
Where he climbs.
His panic attack subsides and he rejoices.
Max stands.
Lauren follows.
Max  believes him to be suicidal.
Eventually Max s increasingly dramatic attempts succeed in jolting Carla from her uncertain state.
However   Max remains distant in his relationship with his wife and son.
Brillstein arrives to celebrate the pending settlement offer  and brings a basket with an assortment of fruits.
Max eats one.
This time experiences an allergic reaction and suffocates.
Max accepts the reality.
He lay choking.
When suddenly he s resuscitated.
He survives and recovers his emotional connection.
<EOS>
The Haganah has learnt.
A former German tank commander  General Gustav Schiller  is teaching the Arabs battle tactics.
They are unable to locate him.
Then they learn and arrange.
Her to be smuggled.
She is placed at a kibbutz.
Schiller abandoned his wife and took away their son.
She was then sent.
Where she was forced to serve.
Judith does not take kindly  and is unable to tell them anything about Schiller.
Stein hopes.
She can at least identify him.
He suggests.
She ask the local army commander  Major Lawton  to help her.
Judith travels to see him and pleads with him to hand over the file on Schiller.
He eventually does.
It turns out.
Schiller was last known to be.
Judith  Stein and a colleague are smuggled.
They find Schiller.
Judith shoots and wounds him.
They are about to capture him.
Schiller is smuggled back and interrogated.
He refuses to give any information.
Left alone  he pleads for mercy.
But  he finally reveals.
The kibbutz comes by Arab forces.
The battle plans  and also tells Judith that he knows the whereabouts.
The room is bombed.
Which he is being kept.
Schiller is killed.
<EOS>
Chuck  formerly a successful stockbroker  has found a refuge as an attendant at the New York City morgue.
His displeasure is exacerbated by the irrational exuberance of Bill Blaze Blazejowski  his new coworker.
However  both men are inspired to apply Chuck s M.
B.
A.
Education and Bill s entrepreneurial spirit to open a prostitution service at the morgue.
<EOS>
Jakob Seel struggles.
He is dismissed as a teacher in a Soviet village.
A neighbor asks him to say a prayer.
He agrees.
Though he knows it is illegal.
But Jakob is reported.
He is arrested later that night.
They take him.
Thrown  Jakob and his fellow political prisoners find themselves under the heel of the ruthless warden  Nikolai.
Unknown  Nikolai has an old vendetta against Jakob.
One  during the night  prisoners mysteriously disappear.
To help distract them  Jakob consents to the prisoners  request to form a choir.
He unexpectedly finds the sense of worth.
He had craved.
He gains their respect  especially that.
He rehearses the men.
Then one day  the man responsible is also imprisoned.
Now  Jakob faces the test -- to see.
He s ready to forgive the unforgivable.
<EOS>
Nasu  Summer follows the story of a professional Spanish cyclist  Pepe Benengeli.
He competes a Espana road bicycle race through his home town in the Iberian region of Andalusia.
Pepe is faced  with him facing pressure from his sponsors and the wedding of his former girlfriend  Carmen  to his elder brother  Angel  coinciding on the same day of the penultimate stage of the bicycle race.
The story progresses.
Originally is meant to be a backup racer.
Whose job is to assist his more prominent team-mate to win the race.
However he accidentally overhears a conversation through his radio.
Had been negligently left open.
Which he finds out.
His sponsor intends to fire him.
Realizing  he disregards his instructions and sets out to win the race.
He can not race and that he has nothing left to lose.
<EOS>
HIRO is a shy  awkward Japanese entomologist.
Who spends his time and money collecting rare insects.
His obsession takes him.
Where he has arranged to purchase a rare beetle.
Things do nt go exactly as planned -  Hiro s precious insect is stolen.
Suddenly  he finds.
Himself thrust to recover his beetle and rescue the girl he has just met from a gang of Yakuza mobsters.
Forced to confront a situation far  Hiro becomes a reluctant participant in a strange adventure.
He will not soon forget.
<EOS>
Fuzzy is upset.
The ranch hands spend their time and money where they lose their money drinking and gambling.
Fuzzy decides to buy the saloon to keep an eye and moderate their vices.
A shifty lawyer has other ideas and plans to use murder to get his way.
<EOS>
Felix and a little black kitten are at the outdoors blowing bubbles.
Felix was asked by kitten to make one for the latter to ride in.
Felix then makes the bubble.
The kitten starts to float away.
Much was too difficult to burst.
Felix went on to chase his airborne companion.
Finally the bubble reaches the Arctic and settles.
Felix   opens the sphere and frees the kitten.
Darkness fell.
They are travelling to get back home.
The two cats went separated.
To deal  Felix blows lantern bubbles to brighten the place.
The Arctic became.
A beautiful lighted paradise does nt appreciate it and therefore goes to confront Felix.
To defend himself  Felix shields himself in a bubble.
The bear then pushes Felix s bubble.
Where it sinks.
Once more  Felix felt.
He was untouchable until an eel was able to penetrate his protective orb.
Felix was able to slip out.
Other eels went in and packed themselves.
He then carries the eel-filled bubble.
Felix sells the eels.
He has  and was paid a sack.
He suddenly remembers and begins to worry.
Celebrating his earnings.
Who is still missing.
Lost  the kitten is weeping and does nt know.
What to do.
Felix then gives a loud call.
The little cat  though faraway  was able to hear it.
The kitten eventually reaches the city and embraces Felix.
<EOS>
American Raspberry tells the story.
What happens when some strange unknown sources takes and replaces the normal programs with rude  crude  and politically incorrect programming and commercials.
The President demands.
Something be done.
Celebrity Sportsman Presents  The Charles Whitman Invitational  A parody.
Took place on August 1 .
The Sexual Deviation Telethon  A telethon hosted.
Peterson s Dog Food  A dog food commercial.
Die Tough Battery  A parody that power an execution.
Manny s Nymphs  a direct parody.
Mamorax Cassette Tape  a commercial ending.
Stay Down  a parody.
Will stop unwanted erections.
<EOS>
The film begins.
We never see.
The location  setting  and compositions are similar with most other films by Daryush Shokof.
Which the location  situation or both is confined as if it could be any place on earth.
The woman confronts strange happenings.
She finally meets Satan himself who wants to finish her off.
She decides by feeding him wild mushrooms in the woods and in the hope.
He would have heavenly visions to suffocate him.
<EOS>
James Bond - agent 007 and sometimes referred to as simply  007  - saves a woman on the beach from committing suicide by drowning  and later meets her again in a casino.
The woman  Contessa Teresa Tracy di Vicenzo invites Bond to thank him.
The next morning  Bond is kidnapped while leaving the hotel.
Who take him to meet Marc-Ange Draco  the head.
Draco reveals and tells Bond  offering Bond a personal dowry of one million pounds.
Tracy is his only daughter.
He will marry her.
Bond refuses  but agrees to continue romancing Tracy.
Draco reveals the whereabouts.
Bond heads for Draco s birthday party in Portugal.
There  Bond and Tracy begin a whirlwind romance.
Draco directs the agent.
Bond investigates the office of Swiss lawyer Gumbold  and finds out Blofeld.
Is corresponding  attempting to claim the title ` Comte Balthazar de Bleuchamp.
Posing  Bond goes to meet Blofeld.
Who has established a clinical allergy-research institute.
There Bond meets ten young women  the Angels.
Who are patients.
Bond goes to the room of one patient  Ruby  for a romantic encounter.
Bond sees.
Ruby   goes into a sleep-induced trance while Blofeld gives them audio instructions for when they are discharged and return home.
The women are being brainwashed to distribute bacteriological warfare agents throughout various parts of the world.
Bond tries to trick Blofeld  so the British Secret Service can arrest him without violating Swiss sovereignty  Blofeld refuses.
Bond is eventually caught.
Blofeld reveals.
He identified Bond  and tells his henchmen to take the agent away.
Bond eventually makes his escape.
Blofeld and many give chase.
Arriving  Bond finds Tracy and they escape Bunt and her men after a car chase.
A blizzard forces them.
Where Bond professes his love and proposes marriage to her.
She accepts.
The next morning  Blofeld attempts to kill Bond and captures Tracy.
Back  Bond is informed.
Blofeld intends to hold the world with the threat of destroying its agriculture using his brainwashed women  demanding amnesty for all past crimes and that he be recognised as the current Count de Bleuchamp.
M tells.
The ransom will be paid and forbids him to mount a rescue mission.
Bond then enlists Draco and his forces to attack Blofeld s headquarters.
Also rescuing Tracy.
The facility is destroyed.
Blofeld escapes the destruction alone  with Bond pursuing him.
The chase ends.
When Blofeld becomes snared and injures his neck.
Bond and Tracy marry  then drive away in Bond s Aston Martin.
Blofeld and Bunt commit a drive-by shooting.
When Bond pulls over.
Kills Tracy.
A police officer pulls over to inspect the bullet-riddled car  prompting a tear-filled Bond to mutter.
There is no need to hurry to call by saying  We have all the time in the world  as he cradles Tracy s lifeless body.
<EOS>
Dissatisfied  an artist redraws a self portrait with the button in place.
He then goes on and changes the portrait.
Wanting to show off the result  he shows the portrait.
The painted handsome man comes and begins to aggressively flirt the girl.
The confused artist has great difficulty dealing.
<EOS>
Granny is in a hat shop looking for a new hat.
The sales lady has her try.
Granny seems unsatisfied.
Sylvester is chasing Tweety outside.
Tweety makes his way.
Sylvester runs in and tries to rummage to look for him.
As Tweety hides.
The sales lady catches him  and using the broom  chases him out.
Tweety stands real still  making.
As the sales lady comes where Tweety is hiding.
The sales lady think that he s a cute little stuffed bird.
She thinks the same thing and buys the hat.
Granny tries it on.
Tweety soon realizes.
The joys stuffed bird has a two-fold purpose  the second being that it is perfect refuge from Sylvester.
But  the puddy tat does everything to get at the bird  first following Granny out of the hat shop.
The first time  Granny turns around  but sees Sylvester pretending to sleep.
The second time  Granny quickly gets wise and swats the cat.
Other failed attempts to get Tweety include  Perching himself atop a delivery truck.
The truck speeds away  requiring the cat to take the crosstown bus to return downtown.
As he is about to grab dinner.
Sylvester then barely avoids getting hit  causing his heart to beat fast and his fur to go white.
Hiding.
The man walks up and makes a snide remark.
As Sylvester is making a grab.
Granny uses her umbrella to clout the man and -- unwitting -- the cat.
The cat s tail gets stuck.
His tail has been stretched.
When he finally disembarks the elevator.
C.
Denny s  the cat snatching Granny s hat.
Granny follows the thieving cat outside.
Sylvester makes his getaway.
Tweety pops the balloon.
The hat glides.
Sylvester plummets.
Later  using a bellows to blow Granny s hat  causing it to go onto the street.
Sylvester barely avoids getting hit and recovers the hat.
He is struck.
Granny manages to retrieve the hat safely.
Sylvester uses a fishing rod and reel to latch onto the hat.
Granny gets.
Sylvester is pulled away.
Sylvester eventually realizes.
He needs to reel himself  which he does to open the taxi s sunroof and grab Tweety.
-- Now I ve got you  buster -- the car drives into the Holland Tunnel   the bird flies out of his hand and back safely onto the taxicab s roof.
Where the cat hits his head.
You know  I wose more puddy tats that way.
<EOS>
Emmanuelle flies to Bangkok to meet her husband Jean  a diplomat   she replies.
Who asks her if she had any other lovers while she was.
She has not.
Emmanuelle finds herself bored and somewhat disgusted with the worldliness of her fellow French expatriates.
One day is outside of most of the expatriate circles.
She is approached by a pretty young girl named.
Who asks to meet Emmanuelle.
Intrigued  Emmanuelle agrees.
Marie-Ange arrives and finds Emmanuelle sleeping  and takes advantage of the situation to feel the older woman s body.
Emmanuelle wakes up.
They go outside.
Marie-Ange asks Emmanuelle.
She has any photos and Jean having sex  to which an incredulous Emmanuelle replies no.
Marie-Ange takes a French magazine and begins to masturbate in front of Emmanuelle   fascinated.
Who watches.
Emmanuelle confesses.
While she did not cheat  she did have sex with two strangers on the flight over to Bangkok.
Emmanuelle begins to pleasure herself.
She recounts the tryst.
That night  Emmanuelle tells Jean  expressing her amazement at the younger girl s seemingly complete lack of shame.
Jean encourages her to pursue the friendship further.
The next day  Emmanuelle s friend Ariane comments on her being damp from sweat  and begins to feel her up.
Afterwards  Marie-Ange introduces Emmanuelle to one of her older lovers  a gentleman named Mario.
Who tells her that he will send a car the next night.
Emmanuelle is unimpressed.
She spies Bee and strikes up a conversation  wishing to meet in more private quarters.
Bee  an archaeologist  tells Emmanuelle  but tells her to meet her.
She is leaving the next day.
Emmanuelle follows Bee around.
When they meet up.
Bee is uninterested.
Undeterred  Emmanuelle gets.
She is about to leave.
Back  Jean is angered.
Emmanuelle has left.
Suspecting  he goes and demands answers.
Ariane is.
Ariane tells him.
All she has to offer is consolation sex.
An enraged Jean takes her.
Emmanuelle s affair with Bee is on rocky footing  they stop to go skinny-dipping on the way to the dig site.
She brushes her off  saying.
When Emmanuelle tries to relax next while they dry off.
They ve already lost time.
Bee starts to warm up to her new companion.
Emmanuelle distracts her from her work.
They finally make love.
Afterwards  Bee asks Emmanuelle to leave.
Emmanuelle returns home humiliated.
Jean tries to comfort her  advising her.
The best way to get is to take another lover.
The following day  Emmanuelle and Ariane argue.
Ariane is jealous.
Emmanuelle ran off  as she herself had hoped to be Emmanuelle s first female lover  while Emmanuelle is displeased at Ariane for having sex with Jean.
Ariane protests advises Emmanuelle to meet  telling her.
It was more than consensual sex  then.
Making love becomes so difficult that any man capable of it must be an artist.
Later  Emmanuelle consults.
Who has decided to encourage the relationship by leaving her with him for two days.
She expresses a desire to take Marie-Ange instead.
Jean informs her.
Marie-Ange has gone off and so Emmanuelle resigns herself to a meeting with Mario.
Together  Mario tells Emmanuelle.
Monogamy will soon die out.
He tells her.
She must learn to let lust  rather than guilt or reason  guide her when it comes.
This  he says  will lead her.
She ever imagined possible.
To begin instilling this lesson  he takes her to an opium den.
Where she is raped while he watches.
Later  Mario takes Emmanuelle.
Where he talks two young men.
Emmanuelle chooses one of the men as her favorite  then watches.
They fight.
Her chosen champion prevails.
She is so aroused.
She licks the blood and then allows him to take her from behind.
She soon climaxes and drops.
Sometime later  Emmanuelle is awakened.
Who takes her.
She is told   allowing Mario to strip her naked in an instant.
That she can change down the back.
This  she understands  is.
<EOS>
Dr Roger Girard is a rich scientist experimenting.
His caretaker has a son  Danny.
Who is an extremely strong full-grown man.
He has the mind.
Manuel Cass  a maniacal killer  has murdered Dr Griard s caretaker and is badly injured himself.
Dr Girard decides to transplant the murderer s head.
The new creature   begins wreaking havoc.
<EOS>
Corporate centers of Industries owned by Dharmesh Marwah.
The two companies are traditional rivals.
Bipasha Basu plays Nishigandha Dasgupta aka Nishi  vice president.
Vinay Sehgal s brother-in-law Ritesh joins in later.
Ashwini  a politician backed  become the Union Finance Minister.
Helps the Sehgal Group to enter a lucrative partnership.
The state Finance Minister Gulabrao declares.
A public sector unit is.
Both the companies pounce.
They have to outperform each other.
But last-minute politicking leads to the PSU going to the Marwah Group  leaving Sehgal disappointed.
However  Nishi charms Marwah Group s CEO Pervez  and is then able to steal critical information  she finds out.
Marwah had been misleading the media that they were planning to manufacture mineral water  whereas in reality they were planning to manufacture a mint-based soft drink.
The Sehgal Group publicly announces.
They will be launching their own mint-based soft drink  which they ve named  pre-empting the Marwah Group s planned launch.
Marwah traces the leak and fires him.
Ten days learns.
The FDA has found the presence.
But Sehgal  cold-heartedly  decides to launch the product.
However CEO Naveen resigns.
The drink is a great success.
However  another is unhappy.
Ritesh is being made the CEO.
He gives Marwah the information.
SGI s product contains pesticides.
Marwah along blow up the issue in the media  leading to a raid on the SGI plants and a case on the Sehgals.
Sehgal decides.
The only solution is.
Nishi is chosen.
Ritesh is hesitant.
Nishi agrees and is convicted.
Meanwhile Friscon chief Steve meets and threatens to withdraw all investments from India.
Ashwini contacts Gulabrao and both the politicians convince both the business giants.
The ban is lifted.
Sehgal had promised Ritesh.
Nishi will be.
Ritesh  angry  threatens to expose Sehgal in front of the media.
Nishi is not released.
The next day he is found dead  having fallen.
It is assumed to be suicide.
Some think otherwise.
A few days later  SGI s product is back.
Gulabrao becomes the Chief Minister.
The movie ends.
She also has a daughter sired.
<EOS>
Joe Fisk is a juvenile delinquent.
Who falls in an Oregon forest.
The two meet.
When the troubled young man stumbles.
The two are immediately drawn  but neither of their custodians encourage contact with the opposite sex.
There is trouble all around  forcing the young lovers to flee.
When their relationship is discovered.
The question then remains  Will they be able to escape the law and other authorities long enough to find happiness.
<EOS>
En route to meet his fiancee  Katherine Grant  Joe Wilson is arrested.
Gossip soon travels.
A mob gathers.
The enraged townspeople burn down the building.
When the resolute sheriff refuses to give up his prisoner.
The district attorney brings the main perpetrators.
Nobody is willing to identify the guilty  and several provide alibis.
The case seems hopeless.
Then the prosecutor produces hard evidence  newsreel footage.
However  Katherine is troubled.
The defense attorney had tried to get his clients off.
There was no proof Joe was killed.
An anonymous letter writer had returned a partially melted ring belonging.
Katherine notices.
A word is misspelled just as Joe used to spell it.
She discovers.
Joe escaped the fire and that Joe s brothers are helping him get his revenge.
She goes to see Joe and pleads to stop the charade.
He is determined to make his would-be killers pay.
However  his conscience starts preying.
He walks into the courtroom and sets things straight.
As the verdicts are being read.
<EOS>
The actual members appear in the film as themselves  in a story set in.
Their isolated existence leads them to take unconventional choices  and to summon great courage in the face of their lonely and disconnected existence.
The story focuses.
Played both on and off the sports field.
<EOS>
Pevensie are siblings.
Who are evacuated.
They are sent to stay with Professor Digory Kirke.
Lucy enters a wardrobe and finds herself  lit by a single.
Exploring a spare room.
She meets a faun named Mr Tumnus.
Who explains that she is.
He takes her back.
He then plays his flute.
Lucy goes to sleep  but.
He confesses.
He had intended to hand her over.
She had ordered him and all the other Narnians.
If they ever saw a Son of Eve in Narnia  they were to catch them and hand them over to her.
Tumnus walks back to make sure.
She returns safely.
They do not believe her story.
When Lucy returns.
Edmund is particularly cruel and taunts her with comments.
Found any new countries lately.
Later   Lucy again enters.
The wardrobe and Edmund follows her  and manages to find his way into Narnia.
He can not find Lucy.
He hears.
A jingling draws up  transporting a great lady.
The lady introduces herself  and demands to know.
What Edmund is.
She is running out.
She finally asks him if he is human.
He tells her.
He is human and that he got through a wardrobe door.
She is kind.
She magically makes.
A tent appear which they enter.
She is eager to know all.
He tells her.
He has a brother and two sisters.
He also tells her.
His sister Lucy has already been and has met a faun.
The Queen tells Edmund he should bring them to meet her.
She would like to see his brother and sisters and that next time he comes.
She also tells him.
She has no children  and that she would love to have a boy she could bring up  who would be King of Narnia when she died.
She eventually bids farewell.
Edmund returns.
Where he is reunited.
Edmund realises.
When she describes the White Witch.
She is no other.
He does not let on.
He has seen her.
Lucy tells them  he refuses to back up Lucy s story.
When they return and meet Peter and Susan.
Peter   is furious for encouraging Lucy about her lies.
Who still does not believe Lucy.
A few days later  they enter the wardrobe and all four find themselves.
Lucy takes them  but they find him gone.
The cave ransacked.
A letter signed has been left behind  stating and awaiting trial on a charge of high treason against the Queen of Narnia.
Tumnus is.
The four children make their way and encounter a beaver.
Mr Beaver takes them.
There he explains.
Aslan - the great lion and king - will save Tumnus and end the White Witch s reign.
He reveals.
Tumnus was seen being taken away to the White Witch s castle  and that there was no certainty of his fate.
The children have to meet Aslan.
They are part.
Mr Beaver explains.
This prophecy is why they all had to be so cautious as they came along  as the White Witch would be more dangerous still if she knew that there four humans.
Suddenly  they notice.
Edmund has disappeared.
They rush outside  but he is nowhere to be seen.
He will hear them calling.
Mr Beaver then tells them.
Edmund has gone.
He had the look who had been with the Witch.
He is even more sure.
When he hears that Edmund has been before  by himself  and had not told the others what he had done or who he had met.
Edmund eventually arrives.
She is furious for coming alone.
She is even more furious.
When she hears that Aslan has come  and decides that they are to travel to the Stone Table.
They make the journey through the snow  travelling for hours and hours through the night.
Meanwhile  the beavers and the three other children are preparing to the Stone Table.
The White Witch had ordered Maugrim and another wolf to go  but.
The snowfall meant.
There were no tracks.
The scene was cold.
He followed his mistress s order to head.
The children and the beavers rest in a cave.
Acts. 
They soon fall asleep but are awakened hours later.
Mr Beaver is convinced.
It is the White Witch and heads outside to watch.
However   he assures them.
When he returns to tell the others what he has seen.
It is a nasty knock that her power is crumbling.
It is Father Christmas   Peter gets a sword and shield  Susan gets a bow  quiver and a horn.
Who presents the children.
Lucy gets a bottle.
The snow melts  making way for spring.
They continue their journey.
Arriving  they are welcomed warmly by Aslan.
However  Maugrim appears soon afterwards and terrifies the crowd  only to be slain.
Who is proclaimed Sir Peter Wolf s Bane.
Knowing  Aslan sends his creatures to rescue Edmund  succeeding.
The White Witch is nearby.
As the White Witch is preparing to kill him.
Later  the White Witch.
Herself arrives  demanding that Edmund be given to her  as all traitors in Narnia belong to her.
Aslan discusses the matter  then announces to all.
Edmund will be spared.
The camp has to be moved away before nightfall.
That night  Susan and Lucy follow Aslan.
He leaves the encampment.
Aslan allows them to follow  but makes.
Them promise to stay hidden.
They watch.
Aslan walks  where the White Witch and her followers are waiting for him.
They bind and shave Aslan.
Aslan traded his life.
The White Witch kills Aslan  before doing so  she tells him.
He has lost his own life and has not saved Edmund s.
The White Witch and her company leave to prepare.
When the ceremony is over.
Susan and Lucy spend the night.
The Stone Table cracks in half and Aslan comes back to life.
He explains.
There is a deeper magic that states that if a willing victim who has committed no treachery is killed  the Stone Table will crack and death itself will be denied.
The two girls jump.
They fly.
Where Aslan s restores all the Witch s victims - - back to life from their stone forms.
The battle is in full swing.
The Witch has already turned a number into stone.
Edmund brings his sword down  breaking it.
She then knocks him out  but is then chased to the top of a ravine by Peter.
Aslan appears and roars so loudly.
The Witch loses her balance and falls off the edge  killing her.
Peter  Susan  Edmund and Lucy are later crowned Kings and Queens in Cair Paravel.
They rule Narnia  bringing peace and prosperity to the land.
The four monarchs are passing through the forest.
When they come.
They walk deeper  passing and find themselves back in the professor s house  and once again children.
<EOS>
Shot and set on a apocalyptic-industrial landscape reminiscent of works like Eraserhead or Industrial Soundscape  it features a bug crawling over a house and falling on his back.
Accompanied  the short film ends with a close-up of the door opening  showing a lighted room with some kind of machinery on it.
The ambient sounds suggest a buzzing light and mechanical work.
<EOS>
The film is centered.
Who both live.
Noel seems to notice and encourages.
Relaxing. 
The sun is too hot.
It be fed ice cream to cool it down.
The duo fly off and begin making progress toward the sun.
The two of them spot a faint blinking light.
It begins to form the shape.
They head closer.
The two make a landing  and  upon their arrival  the President steps out to welcome them and invites them to a special party.
Which the Emcees show.
This does not impress Noel   they will still be beautiful and loved.
Who states that it does nt matter what clothes one is wearing.
This idea coaxes the President and the citizens.
Does Noel.
Pup gently reminds Noel to the sun.
The two resume their journey to meet him.
The sun is grateful of the ice cream.
Also warns.
The two bid their farewells and attempt to pinpoint the source.
It quickly surrounds them.
They escape underwater.
They appreciate the fine scenery underwater.
They notice.
They traverse further.
Some has fallen ill.
Below them   sludge begins to form.
<EOS>
Dance-hall girl Rosie Velez  lost  is helped to safety by gunman Abel Wood.
At the saloon of Marguerita Ventura  word of a treasure in gold brings Abel into conflict with outlaw Hard Case Williams and his gang.
<EOS>
Chintamani and Ponnumani are sweethearts.
Who spend their childhood together.
Chintamani goes off to pursue education.
She and Ponnumani remain devoted.
Sivakumar  wants to see.
Who dotes.
Them happily married It is decided that they marry once Chintamani s exams are over.
Ponnumani  sets off eagerly to receive Chintamani.
Who has been waiting all his life.
He is shocked to find her.
Later on he learns.
She has been raped and is pregnant.
He tries to arrange Chintamani s marriage.
Overwhelmed. 
Ponnumani kills him and is sentenced.
When the latter shows no remorse  and tries to kill Chintamani.
He is reunited.
All the characters stand out.
The lighthearted moments are provided.
<EOS>
Rajesh Tripathi lives a poor lifestyle.
He leaves his father.
That he can study.
Neha  and even paints hoardings.
There he becomes a fan.
He returns home to his village and gets a surprise.
When he finds that Neha has also re-located there.
His overtures to become friendly up in getting the police involved for alleged molestation.
Neha then entraps him to accompany her to an isolated shack and locks him there.
Almost kills him.
Neha does accept his friendship and confides in him.
She can never sing as she has been poisoned.
Rajesh accepts the challenge and sets - not knowing.
Both may end up being targets of Hari.
Who has planned a devious ending and anyone who supports her.
<EOS>
The film is based.
Who comes up.
This crocodile was inplanted with intelligence.
An NRI eyes this project.
He wants to build his own Jurassic Park and wants to get control.
<EOS>
The film follows various plot arcs all occurring.
Monica is throwing a big New Year s bash and is desperately afraid.
No one will attend.
Early is her friend Hillary.
We learn.
She tries to convince Hillary to stay.
Who are all.
The film follows several characters.
They spend New Year s Eve before eventually showing up at Monica s party.
Eventually  all the characters find their way.
Monica has passed out after drowning her sorrows in alcohol.
She wakes up the next morning to find many unrecognizable people  including Stephie.
Who tells her what a big hit her party was.
Monica is thrilled.
When she finds out that Elvis Costello showed up.
The final montage shows Polaroids.
<EOS>
Who is a homeless.
Homeless people can be seen in big cities such as London.
There are about 250000 homeless people in this country.
This documentary film is emphasizing  on the homelessness as an odd element in the modern society  and from another side to the homeless person himself.
Who represents the sufferings.
Many reasons contribute  these include unavailability of employment opportunities   domestic violence  poverty  caused by many factors including unemployment and underemployment.
Becomes a vicious circle due.
Increased wealth disparity and income inequality causes distortions.
Push rent burdens higher  making housing unaffordable.
This documentary film analyses many.
<EOS>
The Mirror depicts the thoughts and emotions of Alexei and the world surrounding him.
The structure is discontinuous and non-chronological  without a conventional plot  and combines childhood memories with newsreel footage.
The film switches  prewar  wartime and the postwar.
The film opens.
Alexei s mother Maria talks with a doctor.
Who chances to be passing.
The exterior and the interior.
Maria is washing her hair.
Set  in the 1960s  Alexei is talking with his mother Maria on the phone.
The interior is shown.
Switching  the mother  Maria  is shown at her work as a proofreader at a printing press.
She is worrying.
She may have overlooked.
Who then reduces her.
Back  Alexei quarrels with his wife  Natalia.
Who has divorced him and is living.
This is followed.
The same apartment is shown  with a strange woman sitting in one room.
Ignat reads a letter and receives a telephone call from his father Alexei.
Switching  Alexei is shown during rifle training  inter cut by newsreel footage of the Sino-Soviet border conflict and World War II.
The reunion of the children with the father after the end of the war is shown.
The film then returns.
Switching are again shown  inter cut by a dreamlike sequence showing a levitating mother.
The film then moves  showing Alexei on his deathbed.
The final scene plays  showing a pregnant mother  Maria  inter cut by scenes showing Maria young and old.
The Mirror draws heavily.
Childhood memories   feature prominently in the film.
Who actually worked at a printing press.
<EOS>
The story is set during the early.
A teenaged Native American boy is taken and forced to attend a distant Indian ` training  school.
To assimilate.
Sam Franklin  a bounty hunter  is hired to find and return him to the institution.
When he escapes to return.
Franklin  a former Indian scout.
S.
Army  has renounced his Native heritage and has adopted the White Man s way  believing.
It s the only way to survive.
A tragic incident spurs Franklin s longtime nemesis  the famous ` Indian Fighter  Sheriff Henry McCoy  to pursue both Franklin and the boy.
The film featured both the Kickapoo language and members.
<EOS>
Two relative strangers try to turn a one night stand.
Alex Whitman is an architect.
Who is sent to supervise the construction of a nightclub that his firm has been hired to build.
Alex is a straight-laced WASP-ish type  meets Isabel Fuentes  a free-spirited Mexican-American photographer.
Who  while enjoying a night.
Alex and Isabel are overtaken at first sight and end up spending the night together  however  their immediate attraction does nt last in the cold light of day.
They do nt see each other.
It s  she s pregnant.
When they do meet again.
Isabel has some interesting news.
Alex and Isabel decide.
They should do the right thing and quickly get married  but after Isabel meets Alex s mom.
Alex is confronted.
Start to wonder if doing the right thing was just that  especially as Alex tries to balance his career.
<EOS>
The first character shown is Ruben.
A college student  his job is not nearly enough to pay his tuition.
Having lost his scholarship  Ruben resorts to burglary.
Order to cover his educational expenses.
Is a comedic overly choreographed fight-scene complete and overdone martial arts action.
What ensues.
Shona leaves her son and her boyfriend.
Order to return to work as an exotic dancer.
Her predicament exemplifies the situation.
Who has come that life in the Philippines often does not allow the working person to earn money enough to save for a better living.
Cher is a drag queen.
Who  because  becomes the victim of violent homophobic aggression.
His performance   touches.
Exaggeratedly comic.
And yet the issue is never resolved.
Cher s attackers are not punished.
Neither is Shona condemned  and the effects.
It has.
Ruben s moral and practical dilemma remains unresolved as well.
The lives  Iza and Inigo  Kulas and Joan  and Dino and Faith deal with objectification  unrequited love  and first sexual experiences  respectively.
<EOS>
Introduction  Wile E.
Coyote  standing  pulls out an arrow-shaped sign saying Coyote and another saying Apetitius Giganticus.
The Road Runner speeds and ruffles the coyote s fur.
Wile flips the signs to read Road-Runner and Fastius Tasty-us  and winds up his legs  followed  and chases the Road Runner.
He taunts him and gears.
When the Road Runner sees the Coyote chasing him.
This causes the road to roll up  a tunnel to turn inside-out  and a bridge to be destroyed.
He puts his would-be predator far behind.
Wile E.
Stops short signal his new-found idea.
.
Wile E.
Prepares himself to chase the Road Runner.
Skis off the plateau.
The Road Runner is dashing over.
The bird turns.
The camera cuts separately.
Wile speeds off.
When Wile E.
Realizes his mistake  he drops the ski poles  and soon slams.
The Coyote looks up and down  trying to figure out.
To escape.
He hears and sees the Road Runner.
The skis provide a rather convenient spring.
And closer.
Who uses them to get closer.
Eventually  he grabs  but unfortunately  the downward force and Wile s weight is too much for the skis to handle this time.
The Coyote suffers gravity.
.
The Road Runner beeps.
Pans to the Coyote attempting to shoot himself over the canyon with a bow.
The very end crumbles and the bow tips over the side.
He can fire himself.
Wile E.
Flips himself.
This causes him to bounce up and get his head stuck.
The Coyote initiates a new plan.
.
Wile E.
Lights a needle-nosed dart bomb and throws it.
He then gets.
He sees the Road Runner zipping and lights the bombs.
The bombs circle in the air but the last one lands in the Coyote s balloon  blowing it up.
He waves and falls toward the ground  but stops himself by releasing a parachute.
Unfortunately  dart 2 blows this up  and Wile E.
Is left to wave.
He plummets again.
A third dart follows him and explodes.
.
Wile E.
Gives the Road Runner a snack.
He awaits.
The Road Runner is heard approaching.
The camera immediately cuts.
The blow causes Wile E.
S eyes to register TILT.
.
The Coyote hurls a newly acquired boomerang.
It disappears and comes back around with dart 5 attached and approaches him.
The boomerang passes the fleeing Coyote and hovers.
Wile stops moving  thinking he has outrun the bomb.
It is.
Right next up before he can run away.
.
Wile now attempts a simple gun-in-the-woods trap  but a sixth bomb plugs the barrel and explodes.
The camera cuts.
Blows up and sends it into the air  adding insult to injury to the Coyote when it flattens him.
.
The Coyote is shown 900 feet in the air  holding an anvil ready to drop.
The Road Runner traverses another road.
An eighth bomb takes out a third.
Wile E.
Jumps falls down.
The Coyote pulls himself.
The anvil smashes.
And the floating end.
The Coyote covers his face.
Wile E.
Pokes one eye out and laughs deeply.
<EOS>
American journalist Jack Cox covers the civil war and falls in love with a pretty Sandinista rebel.
<EOS>
A madman breaks and kills a group of teenagers.
Chainsaw Scumfuck - Filmtipset.
It was inspired.
<EOS>
A prominent up-and-coming author Min-woo readies his new much anticipated follow-up novel.
This unexplainable condition affects both his personal and professional life.
Soon he ca nt differentiate reality and continues to have feelings of being chased.
His own paranoia leads him and encounters a charming young woman named Mimi.
Min-woo starts to wonder and traces long-forgotten memories.
He and this girl are connected.
<EOS>
The show follows an elite taskforce.
They track down Los Angeles s 100 most wanted fugitives and struggle to balance their work and personal lives.
Members include Conrad Rose  the Team Leader from L.
A.
Metro SWAT.
Who is considered the moral center.
Jimmy McGloin  an ATF agent and a bona fide card-carrying conservative  Carla Merced  a former Naval Intelligence officer and expert hostage negotiator.
Tommy Rodriquez  an FBI agent.
Joe Vacco  a DEA agent kicked out  an eight-year veteran of the U.
Who is currently living after having getting.
S.
Marshals Service and graduate.
A.
Metro Police Academy.
They discover.
The team tracks down criminals  often using unconventional methods.
There is a fine line.
The series was canceled  at the end of a cliffhanger dealing with.
Whether the group would be prosecuted.
<EOS>
Uma lives.
Who happens to be homosexual.
She works.
Her job lets her travel and live an independent life without commitments.
But she a has a dream to fulfill  to be a mother.
She decides to look  but.
She ca nt find the perfect man  thanks.
What she is looking for her child s father ca nt be found anywhere.
She decides to look for the perfect man.
Has all the requirements she wants  to leave her pregnant.
Lucia is Uma s best friend  divorced  and is always willing to give Uma a hand.
Whatever she needs.
She manages a travel agency.
Which a guide called Nico works  and is Lucia s future husband.
Nico is.
What everyone woman wants  handsome  intelligent  a good person and loves kids.
All this characteristics make Uma choose him.
But there is a complication  asking Lucia  to accomplish her dream.
She can borrow her boyfriend.
She agrees and then tells Nico.
When Uma convinces Lucia.
Agrees as well.
Considering it.
Which each person would later follow their own lives.
But this simple transaction will bring problems.
Uma gets pregnant.
The feelings appear  transforming the lives.
No one was waiting.
<EOS>
Ivy Lexton is a woman.
Ivy becomes obsessed  and is determined to have him.
She already has a husband  Jervis  and is having an affair.
However  Miles shows no interest.
She s a married woman  which angers Lexton.
Bored  Ivy plans on poisoning her husband then pinning the blame on Roger.
She may run off.
Inspector Orpington is called to investigate Jervis  mysterious death.
<EOS>
Set  the film focuses on two sisters - Mayme and Janie.
They share an apartment.
They work as salesgirls at the Ginsberg s department store.
They fee for the attention of their colleague Bill and fight over Janie s selfish and reckless behavior  such as stealing Mayme s clothes and hitchhiking to work with strangers.
Bill prefers Mayme and constantly shows his affection for her.
This upsets Janie.
Who schemes to break up the couple.
Bill is promoted to floorwalker.
Janie is made treasurer.
Mayme  however  is not granted a promotion  but gets heavily criticized.
<EOS>
Little Fish is.
Who is desperately trying to escape her past and achieve her goals and dreams.
Tracy lives in Sydney  Australia.
Where heroin is readily available.
She is to become a partner in the video store.
She works in.
Her loan applications are repeatedly rejected  as a result of her past criminal record  poor repayments of credit card debt  history of drug use and lack of collateral.
Tracy lies at the video store  pretending.
She has gotten the loan.
This is one  the casual ways people lie to each other for convenience.
Tracy is trying to help her drug addicted stepfather and former AFL star Lionel to kick his heroin addiction.
Her former boyfriend Jonny Nguyen  also a former heroin addict  has come back into her life.
Jonny   claims to have employment and suggests.
Who now dresses.
He may be able to obtain the money Tracy desires.
The romance is rekindled.
Tracy discovers Jonny has lied to her and is not in fact employed as a stockbroker.
Jonny has become involved with her brother.
Ray and Tracy also chooses to become involved as she sees this as the only means of providing the finance she needs to become a partner in the video store.
Tracy  Ray and Jonny set out to execute the deal.
Ends. 
Tracy s courage and deep love.
She cares about.
<EOS>
Montana housewife Hattie OMalley boards a train bound.
She s.
Getting is criminal attorney John J.
Malone   still owes him $.
Whose client  Steve Kepplar  just released.
Suspicion exists.
Kepplar himself will be  heading to New York to retrieve $ 100000 he previously stashed from a robbery.
Chicago detective Tim Marino is a passenger.
So is the ex-convict s business partner  Myron Brynk  and his moll  a looker named Lola.
Kepplar is.
Lola is  hiding him in her compartment.
But soon his dead body is found.
More and more  the detective comes to believe lawyer Marino.
Even Hattie could be involved  but Brynk turns out to be the man.
He s.
<EOS>
Who committed suicide.
<EOS>
The year is.
Many people believed.
The world was flat  and that ships would fall off the edge and float off into space.
However  an Italian navigator named - he thought.
Christopher Columbus had a revolutionary idea.
The world was square.
That is   making it look round.
A small woodworm named Pico overhears him and convinces Columbus that the world is really round.
Finally realizing  Columbus decides to take his discovery.
The world is round.
Pico joins him.
The duo instantly become friends.
The King is outraged and has his guards throw Columbus out.
Columbus shows the King that the world is round and not flat.
But  Isabella barges in and is instantly lovestruck.
They even get his hands.
Columbus explains his voyage.
Ll prove his newly-discovered theory.
She decides to finance Columbus s voyage to prove.
The world is round.
The King agrees to do this as well.
He tells Columbus.
If he does nt return  he will be executed.
Pico decides to leave them and snoop around the castle.
The three have a feast that night.
He climbs a large tower and hops across onto a chandelier.
Where he meets Marilyn  the fairy princess.
All was well.
The evil Swarm Lord took her away and keeps her prisoner.
Pico and Marilyn try to escape.
The Swarm Lord returns and takes Marilyn away.
Pico determines to get Marilyn back.
The Swarm Lord flies away.
The next day  Columbus is about to set sail to discover the new world.
Pico rushes  but is stopped by a trio of rats.
Who plan to eat him.
Pico manages to escape.
The rats follow him  hopefully to get a free ride.
Pico gets.
The two friends reunite.
Pico explains.
He needs to save Marilyn.
Columbus s shipmates overhear their captain talking  and come to the conclusion.
Columbus is crazy.
Pico bumps again.
The ships continue.
They want to leave the ship.
They overheard that the ship is heading.
Pico needs them to stay.
The shipmates want to plan a mutiny.
The lifeboat is his only chance.
Pico convinces the rats to stay.
There s giant amounts.
Pico overhears.
Day fades.
The shipmates really plan to kill Columbus and turn back in order to stay away.
Pico tells this.
Columbus is worried.
However  he distracts his crew  including Ulysses  the Romans and the Vikings.
They let.
He gets carried away to the song that insults the crew.
Columbus live.
The next day  Columbus and the crew think.
They see land.
It s actually a deserted Viking ship.
The crew is angry and try to hang him.
Columbus sees the new world.
He s hanging.
Just then  the Swarm Lord flies and tries to kill everyone on the ship.
The ship manages to get away.
Lands named Bob.
Pico  Columbus  Bob  and two go through the jungles of the island to the Swarm Lord s Aztec temple.
The crew stays behind.
Meanwhile  the Swarm Lord still wants Marilyn s powers.
Pico and his friends come in and save the day.
Columbus climbs up and takes a golden idol.
Pico saves Marilyn.
Columbus uses the idol to squash the Swarm Lord.
Bob has finished chewing.
Causes it crumble.
The temple starts to crumble as well.
The team escapes.
Marliyn drowns and is found lifeless on a floating flower.
She comes back.
The sun rises.
Afterward  they encounter the island s natives.
Who thank Columbus.
The group sail off back.
Columbus is happy knowing.
He discovered the new world and proved that the world is round.
The film ends.
What America will be later  to the song Heaven Is by Al Jarreau.
<EOS>
Set  the film is a social comedy.
Pits the propriety with the earthiness and humour of Spanish cleaning ladies who work in their apartment building.
It follows Monsieur Joubert  an unadventurous stockbroker.
He befriends the Spanish maids who live.
Maria  his new maid  introduces him.
Slowly he recovers his joie de vivre  he has had a bedroom of his own.
When his wife falsely accuses him.
<EOS>
Jacob is an ordinary man living an ordinary life.
The day he wakes up to find himself being brutally tortured by a mysterious woman.
He succumbs and loses consciousness  only to awake safely back in his own home the next morning to discover.
He has been missing.
Jacob believes  and then again.
His experience was just a vivid nightmare  until it happens again.
He loses his grasp.
Each episode becomes more realistic.
What is real.
What seems to be a sick game.
Who are his friends.
The story moves.
Resemble the works.
<EOS>
Continuing.
Where the first film ended.
There  Ip desires to open a school to propagate his art  as well as to make his living.
He has difficulty attracting students.
One day  a young man named  but is easily defeated.
Wong Leung appears and promptly challenges Ip.
Wong leaves humiliated  only to return to gang up on him.
Ip beats them as well.
Stunned and impressed  Wong and his friends become Ip s first students  bringing more disciples to help the school thrive.
Wong is later caught posting promotional posters by some Hung Gar students.
One challenges Wong to a fight and loses.
His friends take Wong hostage and demand a ransom from Ip.
Ip goes.
Directed. 
The meeting ends.
Ip and Wong fight their way outside to meet Jin Shanzhao -- the martial artist and former bandit.
Who comes with his own gang.
The students  master  Hung Chun-nam  arrives to break up the fight.
Ip introduces himself.
Hung informs him.
He needs to attend a special fighting ceremony to test his skill.
Ip  Wong and Jin are subsequently arrested but are later released on bail.
Hung and Fatso are then shown to be acting as reluctant collectors as part of a protection racket headed by Superintendent Wallace  a corrupt officer in the Hong Kong police.
Ip attends the ceremony and defeats his first challengers  and then strikes a draw.
Ip is allowed to keep running his school.
He pay the monthly protection fees.
He declines.
Hung thus has his students loiter and harass anyone interested  causing a street brawl between them and Ip s disciples.
Ip is thus forced to close up and move the school nearer to home.
Ip soon confronts Hung.
Who blames him since he would nt pay the protection fees.
He chose to work.
Hung insists.
They finish their fight.
Ip stops Hung from accidentally kicking his son.
He suddenly appears  earning his respect.
Ip leaves.
The next day  Hung invites him.
Match he had helped to set up  quietly coming.
The boxing competition begins schools demonstrating their skills.
However  the event s star boxer  Taylor The Twister Milos  a Chinese-hating sociopath  openly insults and attacks the students  causing chaos.
The masters try to restore order.
Hung accepts Twister s challenge.
That he can defend his culture.
He suffers a sudden  misfortunate and devastating blow.
Hung has the upper hand.
Severely disorientates him.
He begins to weaken and is eventually beaten viciously to death by the British boxer.
He fights on.
He refuses to go down and allow the man to insult his culture.
News rapidly spreads throughout the enraged Chinese populace  causing a scandal.
Spurs Wallace to hold a press conference.
Where he states that Hung s death was an accident  that Twister held back and that he was too weak to survive more than a few punches.
Twister announces.
He will accept any challenge in order to get rid of his bad reputation  yet remorselessly gloating that he is going to murder every Chinese Warrior in Hong Kong to prove the supposed superority of western boxing.
Ip Man has already arrived to challenge Twister.
Ip finishes training and begins his fight.
His wife goes.
Ip exchanges blows and seems overwhelmed by the westerner s sheer muscle at first  but begins to make a comeback using his more diverse techniques.
He receives a sucker punch after the second round s bell  and is also told.
He will be disqualified.
Ip remembers Hung s patriotic spirit and determination to defend Kung Fu  and is spurred to go on.
When it seems.
He changes his strategy and attacks the boxer s arms to disable him.
This fight is brought as Ip Man rains blow-after-blow into the knocked-down Twister s face  with flashbacks reflecting the latter s killing of Master Hung.
Ip nearly kills Twister  but manages to restrain himself before the final punch.
Wallace is arrested for corruption.
The Chinese audience cheers.
Fatso had secretly reported him.
Ip then gives a speech  stating.
He wishes for everyone to respect each other.
Both the Western and Chinese audience then give him a standing ovation.
Twister s manager walks away unhappy.
Ip goes home and reunites.
A final scene shows Ip being introduced.
Who wishes to study Wing Chun.
Ip smiles and simply tells the boy to come back.
When he is older.
<EOS>
Set  the story follows four couples and are neighbors.
Who have bought homes.
Facing the couples are alcoholism  racism  and promiscuity.
The story truly revolves.
Tony Randal is.
You would never expect.
Looking. 
Other issues include discrimination.
The morality lesson is clearly the reason.
<EOS>
Celia Amonte is a Portuguese American widow.
Who lives.
The broke British card counter.
Charles Charlie Beck arrives to stay with and mooch off some wealthy friends and gamble at the local casino.
The friends are Daniel Vargas and his wife Lois Vargas.
One night  dining with Lois  Charlie sees Celia singing fado  a haunting Portuguese form of song.
He is enchanted  approaches her  and is rebuffed.
Charlie later finds Celia s address and goes to her house.
Where he encounters Vicky  whom he had met before.
Vicky agrees to help Charlie woo her mother.
This proves difficult.
Celia still longs and has not dated since his death.
<EOS>
A woman mysteriously develops psychic powers and the ability to contact spirits.
Toru  her avaricious husband  convinces the woman to hold seances  charging people money to contact their dead.
He kidnaps the wife.
When the King learns of this business.
Attempting to rescue his wife  Toru travels.
They encounter scenes of horror and sexual perversion.
<EOS>
Shemp plays a voice instructor and the object to tone-deaf vocal student Miss Dinkelmeyer.
Larry is his musical accompanist.
Moe enters his classroom to tell Shemp.
His uncle had died and left him an inheritance thousand dollars.
Shemp can not collect the money.
He is married after the reading of the will.
Shemp uses his filled-up black address book to propose.
He has.
To get married  Moe and Larry lead Shemp through a series of disastrous situations including the destruction of a phone booth and Shemp being beaten silly by a woman named Miss Hopkins.
Who had just moved.
Shemp unintentionally proposes to his unattractive and tone-deaf student Miss Dinkelmeyer.
She happily accepts and the two  with Moe and Larry in tow  head over to the Justice of Peace to get married.
Shemp pulls out the wedding ring but accidentally loses it.
Moe forces him to look.
Shemp wrecks the piano completely.
Eventually he finds the ring.
He is hustled to get married right away.
However  the Stooges  building landlord calls Moe to tell him and were looking.
News was printed in the paper and all the women he called and proposed to found out about it.
They all arrive.
The women start fighting  taking not only upon themselves but upon the Stooges as well.
Nonetheless Shemp   ends up marrying his student  just in time to collect the money.
Shemp comes  is told  and is frightened beyond reproach.
What happened.
<EOS>
Francis McGowan is now a struggling actor.
Who returns to sell it following his father s death.
He interacts Michael Woods  his childhood friend Duane Hopwood  and tour guide Lucy Bammer.
There. 
Whom he drifts while his wife and children wait for him to return home.
<EOS>
Swami Dada is the story.
Who organizes Hindu prayers and discourses.
He is called Swami Dada.
He has many followers  and devotees.
Who throng to hear his sermons.
What they do not know that Hari Mohan is a professional thief  and is now conspiring.
<EOS>
The film tells the story after the 1947 partition of India.
He goes.
Where he tries to start a new life.
They see the abduction of a low-caste woman.
Ishwar takes her little son Abhiram.
He gets a job  near the river Subarnarekha.
When Abhiram is asked to go for his studies.
They are.
But  Ishwar s fear of prejudice emerges.
He does not want his sister  a Brahmin  to marry a lower caste boy.
The girl and Abhiram elope and go to Calcutta.
Ishwar is angry and heartbroken.
Sita and Abhiram live and try to make ends meet.
They have a little son.
One day  Abhiram gets a new job.
This leads   he is lynched by the crowd.
When he accidentally hits and kills a little girl.
Sita is forced to think about taking up prostitution.
Ishwar is living a lonely and sad life in the province.
They decide to go on a binge-drinking tour.
When his old time friend Haraprasad comes to visit him.
They finally end up  both completely drunk.
He is faced.
When Ishwar staggers.
Whose first client he should become.
Sita immediately recognizes him and rather cuts her own throat than submit.
She dies.
He breaks down.
When Ishwar realizes what has happened.
The now completely broken Ishwar meets Sita s little son.
Who is now his closest relative.
He brightens up and decides to take the little boy.
<EOS>
The partially fictionalized film is set  the year.
Which Callas died  and centers.
The diva   is persuaded to star by longtime friend and former manager Larry Kelly.
Whose now-ragged voice is well.
Who abandoned classical music to become a rock impresario.
He insists.
She will recapture her lost youth and leave.
His theory is supported.
Other characters include Michael  a handsome young painter.
Whom Larry is infatuated.
Who plays Don Jose and flirts with his aging co-star  who responds to his advances.
Callas  passion in herself are restored by the finished film.
She refuses but agrees to star in a screen adaptation of Tosca.
It is filmed live  using her own voice.
The contract is canceled  she demands  even those she delivered on really awful nights.
Larry destroy Carmen  arguing its release would be contrary.
When her fans wanted to close their ears and hide their eyes.
<EOS>
Crown Prince Rudolf clashes with his father  Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria  over implementing progressive policies for their country.
Ava Gardner plays his mother Empress Elisabeth.
Rudolf soon feels.
He is a man born.
The Prince  later to become Britain s King Edward VII  provides comic relief.
Rudolf finds refuge by taking a mistress  Baroness Maria Vetsera.
Their untimely demise  the imperial family s hunting lodge  is cloaked in mystery.
The film s ending suggests.
The two lovers made a suicide pact when they decided they could not live without love or prospects for peace.
<EOS>
The Banqiao dam.
Has somewhat the same capacity.
Claimed the lives.
The documentary is based.
Can happen.
It is estimated.
85 % would have passed their projected life spans by.
The numbers are also increasing at an alarming rate.
The total numbers are increasing.
Torrential rains  floods  earthquakes and landslides are the ones.
Can break the dam.
Global warming has of late increased the incidence.
They are neither checked nor reconstructed.
The documentary is a mirror.
Reflects the unspoken miseries.
<EOS>
The drama begins.
A mysterious patient escapes hosted by Dr Seward  referring to the guest of honor -- Count Dracula -- as Master.
Moments later he insists.
He does not know the Count and is led back.
It emerges.
The Count is sensitive  has only recently arrived from abroad  and that Seward s fiancee Lucy finds him fascinating.
Dr Van Helsing comes to consult  and manages to hypnotize the patient  so he recounts in flashback events in Transylvania  including an attack by Dracula s brides.
Lucy  meanwhile  greets her old friend Mina Harker.
Who is distraught.
She is puzzled.
When Dracula insists that Harker left unharmed months ago.
Later  the mysterious patient catches sight and calls her by name.
He is the missing Jonathan Harker.
Dracula visits Lucy  feeding on her blood and forcing the two doctors to perform a blood transfusion.
Van Helsing recognizes the signs  but at first refrains from explaining this to Seward.
The English scientist balks  but later comes to suspect Count Dracula.
When he does.
Lucy dies.
Mina sees Lucy   offering her the same joy.
Who insists she is happy and ecstatic.
She bites her friend.
Lucy vanishes and Dracula appears  offering Mina a chance to be one.
Meanwhile  Van Helsing proves to Seward and drives a wooden stake.
Lucy has risen.
Now they focus.
Realizing  they use the two.
Harker is and that Mina has been bitten.
He leads his wife.
The grave Dracula has been using then hold him while the sun rises.
Dracula dissolves  leaving.
But  Mina is staring and clutches the vampire s ring in her hand.
The story ends.
<EOS>
A gambler is caught cheating at a five-card stud poker game.
One tries to prevent the others from administering frontier justice  but is unable to stop the man s lynching.
Morgan leaves town  but later returns.
When he hears that a couple have been murdered.
The town has a new resident  a stern preacher named Reverend Rudd.
It becomes clear.
More members are killed off one by one.
It is up to solve the mystery.
Finally  only he is left.
He discovers the identity.
<EOS>
Siu Wai is a young woman.
Whose fiance has been killed.
She takes.
Order to support his young son  Lok Lok.
She is befriended.
Siu Wai struggles.
Who was.
Dai Fai takes pity.
He regularly assists Siu Wai.
Could there be something more.
Dai Fai becomes more heavily involved.
<EOS>
Thirteen-year-old Ernest Chin s life is devoted.
Where a steady stream come and go.
Abandoned  he lives with his mother  grandfather  and younger sister Katie.
The film is a loosely assembled series.
Recurring themes include painful encounters.
Ernest also blindly explores his incipient sexuality.
Includes nursing a crush.
Ernest s life changes  a self-destructive yet charming Korean-American man named Sam Kim.
He meets the newest guest.
Who is caught after estrangement from his wife.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
Pierce is then seen walking down the street.
When he gets called to see her sister s baby.
Pierce says.
He does nt have time because he has to go to visit Soldier s mother  but goes.
Pierce asks.
Who the father is.
The woman says.
He could be the father if he wants.
Angered  Pierce leaves the house and continues his way to Soldier s place.
Soldier s mother Mrs Richardson asks Pierce and wants Pierce to keep him out of trouble.
Soldier would ever act his age.
Pierce promises her.
Soldier wrote him a letter that said he would never go back.
Mrs Richardson asks.
Pierce tells her.
He does nt like her because she s rich.
Pierce leaves saying.
He has to go work.
Mr Bitterfield comes in asking.
Pierce s mother  Mrs Mundy  can mend the rip.
She says to tell Mr Bitterfield but to instead throw them and give Mr Bitterfield a pair from the unclaimed box.
When Pierce goes.
They can fix it.
Pierce then gets.
Meanwhile a man comes.
Mrs Mundy replies saying.
There are two grown man.
Turning around to see Pierce and his father still wrestling  the man leaves.
Does Pierce s parents.
Back  Pierce s mother informs him.
His brother  Wendell  and his fiancee  Sonia  are coming over.
Pierce says.
He does not want to go  complaining that Sonia is always bragging.
She warns Pierce.
He has to behave so Sonia can see that he is civilized.
She then tells him to go over  to see and to pick up a pot.
They need anything.
Once there  Big Daddy gets mad for being rude and not saying anything.
Pierce explains.
He has to get back before Wendell gets there.
Pierce and Sonia get.
Pierce thinks that Sonia had nothing to worry because she attended charm school.
Sonia retaliates saying.
She had to worry and if people liked her and her.
Sonia also says.
Charm school taught young girls how to be ladies.
They walk.
Where Wendell was telling his secretary.
Pierce s mother then turns and asks Pierce.
When he s going to have a secretary.
She says.
She put them so that when they settled down she would have done her job.
Intending  Pierce tells his mother.
Pierce has not yet accomplished anything.
It is not his fault.
This upsets his mother.
She tells him that it is his fault that she and their father have given up for them.
The next day  a man comes.
He had brought.
They have trouble finding it.
Man does not remember what he put his name.
They allow the man to go back and look.
Mrs Mundy states.
If he was a good man they would not have to keep track.
Angela comes.
He would go to prom in a couple of year.
Seeing Pierce s disinterest  she leaves saying.
She s going over and that she should go get dressed.
Pierce s mother tells him.
He needs to go over because Haddie wants to go out.
He and his father get.
Pierce leaves.
Pierce goes to a liquor store and asks his friend.
He would be willing to give Soldier a job.
The friend says.
He would give Pierce a job.
He will not give one.
Having been rejected  Pierce then goes to ask his friend  Bob  telling him.
Soldier is getting out.
Bob states.
It is too bad because a person should just stay in jail until he rots.
Hearing this  Pierce leaves and picks up Soldier.
To take him home.
She starts.
When Mrs Richardson sees Soldier.
Crying and Pierce consoles her saying that he is here to stay.
Pierce hangs out.
Soldier is.
They goof around and hang out.
Soldier asks.
Hanging out.
Lonneil and Pierce tell him that he was killed to rob a liquor store.
Pierce then says.
They are the only two left.
The next day Angela comes back and tells Pierce.
She was.
She also tells him.
She does not like guys that are too cute.
Pierce s mom interrupts telling Pierce.
He has to go take care and give him a bath.
A man then attempts to rob the shop but backs.
When he realized that Mrs Mundy was.
Soldier asks Pierce and.
They had sex or not.
Someone hiding then leaps out and tries to shoot them.
There are no bullets.
They end up chasing the man.
Pierce lets.
Him go.
Pierce s mother begs him not to embarrass the family with the Richardson s.
She says.
She did nt raise heathens.
Pierce still states.
He does not like Sonia because she has never worked.
Mr Richardson asks Pierce.
What his job is.
Pierce says.
He went but did not like that everyone was doing the same thing.
He tells him.
He used to drive heavy machinery and delivered explosives.
He states.
He likes to work and that he s not smart enough to become a lawyer.
Pierce s mother then says.
It would have been nice to have a doctor and a lawyer.
Pierce remarks.
They are all crooks.
Mr Richardson says.
The real corruption is.
Pierce states.
The higher up you go  the lower the people you find.
Pierce yells.
When Pierce s mother asks Sonia.
Letting her client go free was wrong because he had killed people.
This ends the dinner.
They leave.
Ashamed she is.
Soldier walks in and asks Pierce to let.
Pierce is working.
Him have sex.
Pierce s mother goes but has to come back.
She forgot her prayer book.
She ends up walking in.
They also did it.
The girl then runs away.
The next day  Soldier is waiting with another girl and sends Angela to go tell Pierce to hurry up.
Angela ends up not telling Pierce.
They are waiting.
They leave.
Big Daddy asks Pierce.
Pierce is taking care.
His friends are saved and believe.
That night Soldier gets and dies.
He runs.
When Pierce finds out the next day.
The funeral is set.
Soldier s mom tells Pierce.
He was.
Pierce then feels.
It is his job to go find pallbearers.
He realizes.
The funeral is the same day.
He rushes home to ask his brother and Sonia to change they date.
They refuse.
He had never been nice.
Pierce s father then talks and tells them.
Maybe they can change the date.
Pierce goes back to Soldier s house to ask.
Once there  Soldier s dad tells him.
Have flown.
Hearing this  Pierce abandons the idea and is now left conflicted.
Pierce shows up late and tells his mother.
Both the wedding and the funeral are starting.
Is has to go.
He tells his mother.
Someone else has to be the best man.
She gets angry and tells him to go sit down.
However  Pierce ends up getting a car and drives.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
University graduate Han Se-jin leaves her hometown.
Where her conservative father is the local stationmaster.
Some time later  however  the company goes bankrupt.
She s forced to move.
Her new neighbor is middle-aged Oh Dong-chul  a small-time gangster.
Who works.
Se-jin but later forms a wary friendship.
Is initially uncomfortable living next door.
He helps her.
Depressed  Se-jin ends up drinking with Dong-chul one evening and having a one-night stand with him.
She later asks him to pose to visit her anxious father.
That does nt quite go as planned.
Se-jin ends up staying on.
Meanwhile  Dong-chul   is told to formally apologize to the athletes  boss  former police detective Park.
Who has almost started a gang war back by beating up some hapkido athletes in revenge.
Dong-cheol reluctantly agrees.
That same day Se-jin is due.
<EOS>
DJay is a pimp and drug dealer.
Who is dissatisfied.
Who has become a sound technician.
Key and his sound-mixer friend Shelby help DJay put together several flow songs.
It is his first fixed-length song  done.
DJay quickly proves to have a real talent.
Most obviously has the chance.
The group experiences many setbacks.
DJay must hustle those.
Order to procure proper equipment and recording time.
Key s relationship becomes strained.
DJay throws out one for ridiculing his art.
DJay s pregnant prostitute  Shug  joins.
The group eventually records several fixed-length tracks  It s Hard Out Here for a Pimp.
DJay begins to show a romantic interest in Shug.
DJay s friend  Arnel  informs him.
Skinny Black  a successful Memphis rapper  will be returning.
DJay gains admittance  with the intention of giving Skinny Black his demo tape.
Black is dismissive.
DJay successfully persuades him into taking the tape.
However  DJay discovers.
The drunken Black has destroyed his tape  flushing it down the toilet.
Black reveals.
When DJay confronts Skinny Black.
He never had any intention.
DJay begins to assault Skinny Black.
Skinny Black manages to break the chain around DJays neck.
Was a gift.
Black pulls out a gun  but DJay quickly disarms him.
Pistol whips him.
DJay aims the gun but suddenly comes to the realization of.
What he has done.
A member enters the bathroom and quickly pulls out his gun.
He attempts to resuscitate the unconscious Black.
Results. 
DJay then resorts.
DJay arrives home to find the police waiting.
DJay turns himself and tells Nola to keep his writing pad  with his rap lyrics.
He tells her.
She is.
One takes advantage of his defenseless position to deliver a sucker punch.
Shug tearfully watches DJay being led away.
DJay is charged and is sentenced to 11 months in prison.
DJay gets a visit and learns.
Serving his time.
Nola has hustled the local radio DJs.
DJay reveals.
When Key asks DJay if he really knew Skinny Black.
He made it up to keep the groups dream alive.
The film ends.
We see a duo who have their own rap group asking DJay to listen to their demo  much as DJay had approached Skinny Black.
Djay accepts their tape and responds  You know.
What they say  everybody got ta have a dream.
<EOS>
Junpei  a low-level yakuza  steals 500 million yen.
A stroke saves his life and lands him in prison for five years.
He s being interrogated.
He hires invincible professional bodyguard Kiba to escort him to the hidden loot.
He can find his girlfriend and escape forever.
Every step.
The two are.
Are mortified that his Karate is more effective than theirs.
<EOS>
The episode focuses.
Who lives alone and works in a local hospital.
Who is.
The doctor lost his family and has remained a bachelor ever since.
He spends his free time raising plants and birds and telling drops of his life story to his cleaning lady  Barbara.
The doctor meets Dorota coming out.
She is smoking a cigarette.
She apparently wants to talk  but is not courageous enough at first.
The doctor goes out to buy milk and runs again.
She has not moved.
Where they met earlier that morning.
She follows the doctor and stops by the door.
Where the doctor hears her and opens the door.
She asks him - he does.
He remembers her.
She ran over the doctor s dog with her car two years ago.
Dorota reveals.
What she urgently wants a prognosis and lies in the hospital.
The doctor is reluctant to do so  saying  and closes his door.
Dorota has to come during visiting hours.
He then takes pity and asks her to come to the hospital later that day.
He asks.
Later that day Dorota comes in.
The doctor tells her  but he also says that with even less chances  so his prognosis is very reserved.
Andrzej is very ill and that things are not looking good.
Him have recovered.
Dorota does not give up and visits the doctor again.
She reveals important information  she is pregnant but.
This could be her last chance to get pregnant.
She wants to know.
Andrzej will live.
She has decided -  she will abort.
If he dies  she will carry.
He survives.
The doctor suddenly finds himself.
He takes a keen interest and conducts many studies.
Dorota is having a lot.
She goes anyway.
She also meets.
An acquaintance s  also a musician who is on tour.
She receives a passport to bring some scores along.
When she joins him abroad.
She also angrily confronts.
An alpinist friend s who has brought his mountaineering gear to her  telling him that Andrzej is still alive and that his gear belongs in the Mountaineering Club.
The team shall be leaving  probably to climb Mount Everest.
The doctor seems to come to the conclusion.
Andrzej s disease is progressing.
Dorota tells him.
He does not escape liability and that she is going to have an abortion the following day.
He tells her to not go ahead.
Andrzej is dying.
She has him swear.
He does.
Andrzej opens his eyes and sees a bee miraculously swimming out of a glass with strawberries.
Dorota had brought.
Andrzej stands up and goes.
The doctor says.
He is surprised that he recovered.
Andrzej says.
He came back and is happy to have a baby with Dorota.
He asks the doctor   I do.
He understands what it means to have a child  to which the doctor replies.
<EOS>
A talented young Jamie Harris is a struggling actress.
Who is trying to win a role.
Eager to gain advantage Eddie says.
He can arrange an introduction.
Talbert agrees  she scrapes up the money  only to discover.
His lessons are mainly exercises.
Harris learns.
A number have turned up dead.
She spies an F next  she grabs a gun and kills him.
Before he attacks her.
The police determine - but the man was nt the real Ross Talbert.
Jamie acted.
Who she s been taking lessons.
A different corpse is lying dead.
The police arrive.
Seems to be the real teacher.
She tries to find the false teacher  and discovers.
He was just an actor  named Michael Condren  and that she is just a puppet on a string in a perverse and bizarre story.
<EOS>
A Telmarine prince  Caspian  is awakened.
Years after the Pevensie siblings left Narnia.
Caspian s life is endangered.
Cornelius gives him Queen Susan s ancient magical horn  instructing him to blow it only.
Knowing  Caspian flees.
His uncle  Miraz  would kill him to steal the kingship.
Pursued  Caspian hits a branch and falls off his horse.
He is rescued.
A talking badger named Trufflehunter.
Nikabrik saves Caspian.
Trumpkin acts.
Confused  Caspian blows the horn to summon help.
One year has passed since the Pevensie children returned from Narnia.
They are in collapses.
The Pevensies are transported.
They discover the ruins and realize.
It was attacked.
The lords of the council learn.
Prince Caspian is gone.
Lord Sopespian blames Miraz.
Miraz blames the Narnians and tells the lords to fight them to get Caspian back.
Miraz actually intends to kill Caspian.
The Pevensies save Trumpkin  he quickly realizes.
They continue on together.
Lucy glimpses Aslan and tries to convince the others.
She has seen him.
Only Edmund believes her.
Nikabrik and Trufflehunter lead Caspian.
Where the old Narnians have assembled.
Caspian convinces them to help him win his throne.
He can return their land.
Caspian and the Narnians steal weapons.
They also encounter the Pevensies and Trumpkin  they all journey s.
A huge barrow built.
Peter decides.
They will preemptively attack Miraz s castle.
Lucy suggests waiting to return.
Peter thinks.
They have waited long enough.
The Narnians raid Miraz s castle.
Peter calls a retreat.
When they are overwhelmed.
Peter  Susan  Edmund  Caspian  and half manage to escape.
The rest are slaughtered.
S. 
When they return.
Peter and Caspian argue.
Back  Miraz is crowned King of Narnia.
Nikabrik   tells Caspian.
They can help him claim his throne and guarantee Miraz s death.
The hag uses black sorcery to summon Jadis  the White Witch.
The White Witch tries to convince Caspian to free her with a drop of blood.
Peter  Edmund  Lucy and Trumpkin arrive.
Edmund kills the werewolf and Trumpkin stabs Nikabrik.
As he is about to kill Lucy.
Peter kills the hag.
Then  seeing Caspian being manipulated  knocks him down and faces the White Witch.
She tries to convince Peter to release her.
Edmund shatters the ice  destroying the White Witch.
He can do anything.
S. 
Miraz and his army arrive.
Caspian suggests Peter and Miraz duel one-on-one  to buy Lucy and Susan time to find Aslan.
Miraz agrees.
The girls are spotted  so Susan sends Lucy off alone  remaining behind to face the soldiers.
A soldier runs into her  knocking her down.
She is rescued.
They return.
Peter defeats Miraz  but gives his sword to Caspian to finish him off.
Caspian spares Miraz s life but says.
He will give Narnia back.
Sopespian suddenly kills Miraz and accuses the Narnians of shooting Miraz  leading to a battle between the Telmarines and the Narnians  with the Telmarines gradually winning.
Lucy finds Aslan.
He awakens the trees.
The battle turns.
The trees attack the Telmarines.
Lord Sopespian orders retreat.
Where they are confronted.
Aslan summons the river god.
Who destroys the bridge  killing Sopespian.
The battle is won.
Peter and Susan are told by Aslan and will never return.
They have gained everything they could.
Caspian invites the Telmarines to remain  but  they can return to the human world  from whence.
They will coexist peacefully.
They wish.
They originally hailed.
Some agree to do so.
Aslan creates a portal.
Susan kisses Caspian  knowing they will never meet again.
The Pevensies return  leaving Caspian as King of Narnia.
<EOS>
Three girls  Margo  Kelly  and Cece are roommates living and enjoying the vibrant and decadent night life of 1980s Los Angeles.
Margo has a boring job  Cece gets fired from her job at a department store.
Kelly works and is very good at selling pets  mainly thanks to her looks.
It s Friday night.
The girls are getting ready on the town  however Margo and Cece soon discover.
Kelly has taken Margo s car to go meet a DJ she s infatuated.
Luckily  Kelly s date  Clifford  one of her many infatuated customers  arrives to pick her up  so Margo and Cece hitch a ride with him to go to the club.
Where the DJ is working.
Cliffs reluctantly tags along a roller-coaster ride and learns.
The girls usually spend their nights out.
Meeting rock star Bruno X  surviving a police raid  getting dumped  taking a trip on Ecstasy  escaping from crazed fans and a run-in with a sexual criminal are some of the situations.
The group gets themselves.
<EOS>
Jerry and Nibbles are two mouseketeers  failure to do so.
Who decide to help themselves.
He will be executed.
Jerry and Nibbles enter the castle hall.
They unsuspectingly catch Tom s attention.
Later  Nibbles is helping himself.
Singing Alouette  when Tom emerges behind him and pokes him with his sword.
The little mouse yells angrily.
Tom impales the little mouse s cape.
Nibbles can get away.
Jerry manages to stab Tom.
Jerry puts custard  ending in Tom catching Jerry.
Nibbles launches an axe.
It slices off half.
Nibbles runs away and falls.
Jerry saves him.
Tom impales  heating them up.
Nibbles walks out  and pokes Tom in the bottom.
Tom screams and jumps up.
Nibbles waves his sword while saying  Touche  pussy cat.
Jerry makes the save.
Much that Tom falls.
Nibbles brings along a cannon and stuffs it.
This goes on.
Is. 
He lights the cannon.
It explodes.
Jerry and Nibbles are walking triumphantly down the street.
The smoke disappears.
Suddenly   they see a guillotine blade coming down  strongly suggesting.
Tom was executed.
.
Both mice gulp  and then Nibbles sighs  Pauvre  pauvre  pussycat  and shrugs  Cest la guerre.
Then the two Mouseketeers resume their victorious march off.
<EOS>
Beta is the story.
Raju s father can provide him anything.
He wants.
Raju s only desire is to have a mother s love.
To please him  his father gets married  thinking.
She will take care.
Raju becomes completely devoted  doing.
Whatever she wishes.
Raju s stepmother keeps Raju uneducated.
Education would get her son a job working  while she wants her him to be.
Raju s father is gradually isolated and locked in a dark room of the family home  being labelled as mentally unstable.
He grows up.
Raju  meanwhile  meets Saraswati.
Raju sees her being abducted and assaulted.
The two fall.
He saves her.
Raju marries Saraswati believes.
She is no longer chaste.
Saraswati discovers.
Laxmi s motherly love is fake and all that Laxmi is interested in is capturing Raju s wealth.
She is horrified to find Raju s father being treated.
Only does.
She realise that the reason is because his stepmother manipulated him so that she can take advantage of him.
Laxmi has another son.
Who is being educated.
His mother Laxmi intends for him to inherit.
And thus begins a battle.
Involves Saraswati trying.
Initially  Saraswati allows Raju s father to come out and insists.
There is nothing wrong.
She voices her concerns  resulting in Saraswati being slapped repeatedly around the courtyard of the house in front of all the family members.
Saraswati is ready to leave but wisely decides to apologise  only to take an oath to protect her husband and her house from Laxmi s immoral intentions.
This humiliation does not deter Saraswati.
Who cleverly starts exposing Laxmi s every step.
She publically exposes the fact.
Raju s younger step-brother has not received a degree  rather that he has bought a fake one.
She gives Laxmi a taste by causing her to slip -- scuppering any plans.
Leads to look after her and not allow her to do anything but lay down.
Laxmi intends to execute.
Saraswati is pregnant.
Enough is enough and tries to kill Saraswati that Laxmi will mix with her milk.
However   she approaches Raju and tells him the truth once again.
When Saraswati discovers this.
Raju refuses to believe her.
When she takes an oath and decides to prove Saraswati wrong by offering to drink the poisoned milk himself.
Only  does.
When Raju begins to cough up blood.
He realise that Saraswati was telling the truth.
He confronts his mother and asks her  he tells her.
She had forsaken him.
Had she simply asked him  he would have happily agreed to give her all he had.
He tells Laxmi.
His dying wish will be that he would request his mother at least once with a clean heart to call him ` her son   so that he may die in peace.
His words touch Laxmi deeply.
She realises the cruelty.
She has shown the only son who has ever loved her.
There is a brief altercation and her real son.
Who still wishes to procure Raju s wealth.
Raju  still manages to save his mother from his.
The film concludes.
Laxmi begs him not to leave  claiming to have learnt the error of her ways  she tears up the property papers and tells him.
Nothing more.
<EOS>
Occurred 1 -- 12 July 1916  as recounted in the book of the same name by Richard Fernicola.
Which people were subject to attacks by a shark.
Initially  the authorities hesitated to take action.
The issue was raised.
Modest precautions were taken.
Scientific experts and civil authorities published assurances.
Area beaches had been made safe again.
July a shark was sighted swimming into the freshwater canal of Matawan Creek -- one expert speculated.
Who had come to capture the animal.
This indicated a bull shark.
Children and young adults swimming upstream were attacked.
An autopsy was performed.
The shark was finally captured offshore.
It is said.
15 pounds were found in its stomach.
Four people had been killed and a fifth badly injured.
The remains were never recovered.
Scientists are still investigating.
A propensity is unnatural.
This shark did what it did.
<EOS>
Set in 1929  the story finds the Duc de Richelieu investigating the strange actions of the son of a friend  Simon Aron.
Who has a house complete.
He quickly deduces.
Simon is involved.
Richelieu and Rex van Rijn rescue Simon and another young initiate  Tanith.
They disrupt a ceremony on Salisbury Plain.
Which Satan himself appears.
They escape and are followed by the group s leader  Mocata.
Who has a psychic connection.
Mocata forces Richelieu and the other occupants to defend themselves through a night of black magic attacks  ending with the conjuring of the angel of death.
His attacks defeated  Mocata kidnaps little Peggy.
Simon tries to rescue her  but is recaptured.
The Duc  Richard  and Peggy s family  also try to save her.
They are defeated.
Suddenly  a powerful force  possibly Hecate  the queen  possesses Mrs Eaton and puts a stop to Peggy s trance.
She then leads Peggy.
Kills all and transforms their coven room into a church.
They discover.
When the Duc and his companions awaken.
The spell Peggy was led has reversed time and changed the future.
Simon and Tanith have survived.
Mocata s spell to conjure the angel has been reflected back on him.
He now pays the price for having wrongly summoned the angel of death.
<EOS>
Slim  Frank  Otis and Alex are a group.
Who commit their crimes anonymously.
The group evade capture.
But an anonymous individual seems to know.
Who they all are and threatens to inform the police unless they undertake a robbery.
Subsequently  the Mafia  represented  instruct the group to work for them  otherwise they will be killed.
Slim becomes romantically involved with Karen  a detective.
Who distrusts Lieutenant Macgruder and believes that he is not doing all he can to find the bank robbers and bring them.
Ultimately Slim  the leader and brains  hatches a plan for their final retirement  five consecutive burglaries  in five days  involving 20 million dollars.
The group turn the tables on the anonymous individual and the Mafia and escape with all of the money.
They have stolen.
Karen comes to realise.
Slim is one but consoles herself with the arrest of Lieutenant Macgruder.
Otis had managed to plant some while posing as a cleaner.
<EOS>
Set love each other in the midst of a violent feud between their clans.
Chotu  Shera s mute sharpshooting brother carries Sagat Singh s orders to kill Reshma s father and her recently married brother Gopal.
When their families find out.
Unable to bear the grief  Shera kills his own father believing.
He actually pulled the trigger.
Reshma and Shera s family s feud will end in more tragedy.
Misunderstandings lead.
Shera swears to kill Chotu and protect Reshma s family.
Shera searches.
Who hides and seeks protection from her.
The movie s climax is.
When Shera awaits.
Chotu and Reshma emerge from the house as a married couple.
Shera notices sindoor and realizes.
He can not kill her husband  who is now Chotu  thus ending the bloodshed.
<EOS>
11-year-old Greg Heffley is anxious to start middle school  confident.
He will easily become the school s most popular kid.
However  Greg worries.
His uncool and embarrassing best friend  Rowley Jefferson  will fit in.
Rodrick  Greg worries.
Rowley is a good friend who helps Greg escape his terrorizing older brother.
Rowley s dorky clothes and personality will embarrass both.
Greg and Rowley meet Angie Steadman  a seventh grader.
Who works.
Year  Angie gives Greg and Rowley information about the workings of middle school.
She believes was created to store kids while they make the awkward transition to teenagers.
The Cheese Touch eventually got taken away.
Who moved back over the Summer and took the Cheese Touch with him.
Greg is determined to be voted a class favorite and listed.
Each backfires.
His popularity quickly drops.
He loses  Greg s archenemy  and Fregley  the weirdest and 201st most popular kid in school  in scholastic wrestling  making Greg the 72nd most popular kid in school.
Everyone notices Rowley s broken hand and Rowley becomes very popular  much to Greg s dismay.
Rowley s popularity increases.
When he beats Greg to become the school paper s cartoonist.
Greg and Rowley s friendship falls apart.
Greg allows Rowley to take the blame.
Greg had to walk the kids home  but panicked and began to push the kids upon seeing a truck similar to the one the teenagers he.
Rowley could nt get his cast wet.
Rowley had angered.
It turned out.
It was just a middle-aged man  and Mrs Irvine mistakes Greg  as Greg had borrowed Rowley s coat.
Greg ditches the kindergarteners.
Mrs Irvine calls Mr Winsky.
Mr Winsky suspends Rowley  and forces him to apologize to the kindergarteners.
Though he has no idea.
A few days later  Greg tells Rowley the truth and tries to tell it.
Rowley berates him.
Who cares.
He decides to relieve Greg and promotes Rowley as the captain.
When Mr Winsky  the Safety Patrol teacher  hears what had actually happened.
Rowley then leaves and breaks up and befriends a kid named Collin Lee.
Greg tries to move on.
Fregley s sugar-induced hyperactivity is too much to take.
He hides.
Later that night  Fregley slips a piece under the bathroom door and after reading the note.
Greg passes out and is later taken home.
He then tries to pursue popularity by auditioning for the school play of The Wizard of Oz.
The performance is ruined.
When she throws a huge temper tantrum when he does not sing and blames him for the play being ruined.
Greg throws an apple at her resulting an apple-throwing fight in the middle of the performance  making Greg the 202nd most popular kid.
Greg s mother suggests Greg ask Rowley to go out for ice cream with them.
However   Collin tells Greg.
He and Rowley already have plans.
Later  Greg is excited.
When Rowley comes up  but is disappointed when he learns Rowley only wants a video game back.
Greg refuses to return the game  causing them to get.
The kids gather around them  wanting them to fight  but are quickly dispelled  looking.
When the teenagers that Greg and Rowley had angered drive up.
The teenagers find the Cheese and make Rowley eat it.
They are about to force Greg to eat the cheese.
When Coach Malone arrives  leading the teenagers to run away.
The children return and find the partially eaten cheese.
Patty begins to accuse Rowley.
Greg steps in and takes the blame.
He picks up the cheese and makes a profound speech.
It is ruined.
When Patty realizes that Greg has the Cheese Touch  causing everyone to run away.
Greg and Rowley reconcile.
Angie approaches them.
The film ends laughing after Patty hugged Rowley and contracted the Cheese Touch.
Greg narrating.
He still has the summer and next year.
Greg finally achieves his dream.
<EOS>
One hundred years ago  aliens landed.
Where a small  white five tailed fox lived.
They are ready for a test flight to see.
They can return home.
The test fails.
One makes a mistake.
The other aliens tell him to leave.
The runaway alien finds itself taken at the foot of the mountain.
There  a teacher named.
Kang trains students who do nt fit in.
To save the alien  the five tailed fox takes  and joins the school under the name of Yobi.
Staying  Yobi becomes friends with one of the students  a boy named.
She grows more and more attached and enjoys her time with them   as well as a shadow.
A fox hunter appears.
Who gives Yobi a device which will allow her to become human.
Yobi becomes exposed.
Makes her leave.
The fox hunter tries to hunt her down.
Geum-ie tries to save her  but falls down.
Makes Geum-ie s soul trapped.
Yobi tries to save him.
The shadow takes Geum-ie s soul.
He states.
His soul was taken long ago and that he needs one to become solid.
Yobi defeats the shadow and some ghosts tell Yobi.
A soul can never go out.
A soul replaces it.
Yobi replaces her soul.
Geum-ie returns.
He tries to call.
He is last seen leaving.
Some time later  Yobi s soul is released.
Yobi becomes human and is most likely reincarnated to become human not too long.
Her soul had been exchanged.
It is not known.
Yobi and Geum-ie see each other or not.
Many fans have their hopes.
<EOS>
A childless Queen is given a magical potion.
All the fairies are invited to bestow gifts.
When the lovely Princess Rosebud is born.
However  the fearsome Red Fairy is left off the.
Enraged  she crashes the christening ceremony and curses Rosebud.
The wise White Fairy   remedies the curse sleep  and the awakening of Rosebud with the kiss of true love.
Who was tardy and therefore unable to bestow her gift.
All spindles are banned from the kingdom  except for one.
Is hidden and seemingly forgotten.
The King and Queen travel to the far reaches and bring back reams of fabrics.
The Red Fairy lures a teenage Rosebud into a secluded old tower room and tricks her into pricking her finger.
The White Fairy uses her magic to put the rest.
One hundred years passes and a handsome Prince comes and wakes Rosebud with a kiss.
They live happily ever.
<EOS>
Trivandrum Lodge  situated form the backdrop of the film.
Abdu is a man.
Who does odd jobs.
He is also obsessed  being.
Shibu Vellayani is a cinema reporter.
Who works.
Kora is a retired clerk.
Who boasts.
Satheeshan  wants to be an actor.
Shibu promises to help him and has even given Satheeshan a new name  Sagar.
Arthur Relton and Peggy Aunty are the oldest inmates.
Relton teaches piano and lives.
Peggy Aunty runs a canteen.
The owner is Ravisankar  a rich widower.
Who has a son Arjun.
Ravisankar s mother was a concubine.
All his wealth basically comes.
This caused Ravisankar s father Narayanan to move away before.
He runs a small hotel  away.
It is.
Dhwani makes her entry.
She is divorced.
Wants to be free  eat good food and as she herself says  fornicate.
Dhwani comes to stay.
Her intentions not so honourable  the sexually-repressed souls go into a tizzy.
Then have a deep affectionate love  the story develops based on all this.
The film also discusses the adolescent romance between Arjun and his classmate Amala  the unconditional romance between Ravisankar and his wife Malavika  and the broken love story of Relton and Peggy.
<EOS>
She is inconsolable.
When ten-year-old Jess s very best friend Bobby moves away.
Her eccentric Aunt Millie decides.
The best medicine is to tell her a story from another time and place  who wanted only one thing  to.
Katie is befriended.
Practicing. 
Who offers to teach her proper skating.
Katie blossoms into a magnificent skater.
However  Katie s father loses  Katie is devastated.
His job and the family is forced to move.
Meanwhile   Santa and his elves are celebrating the birth of Blizzard  a baby reindeer born to Blitzen and Delphi.
It quickly becomes apparent - being able to see.
Blizzard possesses all three magical reindeer gifts  the ability to fly  the power to make herself invisible  and the gift.
Using her empathic ability  Blizzard feels Katie s sadness and flies to investigate.
Blizzard helps.
Katie learn that the value is that they never truly go away.
However   Blizzard must face the possibility of banishment at the hands of Archimedes  Santa s strict head elf.
Only true friendship can save her now.
<EOS>
The film is a story.
The sufferings is well portrayed in the film.
City is a film of Bollywood in the direction of Mahesh Manjrekar.
City released on 23 April 2010 in Indian cinemas.
City introduces a story of the forgotten masses of Bombay.
<EOS>
Set  the film is about a lone woman  Lena Doyle.
Who finds herself threatened.
Lena decides to fight and to do this  she asks.
Rather than settle and sell the land she rightfully owns.
<EOS>
Jason Moss  a criminology student  decides to write to serial killers and attempt to gain their trust through impersonating a typical victim or admirer.
Moss sends a carefully crafted letter  portraying himself as a vulnerable  sexually confused boy.
The letter is an intricate plan to get in hopes of uncovering new information regarding his murders.
Will aid Moss.
The film unfolds.
Gacy  suspicious  puts Moss through intense emotional tests via letters and collect calls  all of which lead to strained relationships with his girlfriend and family before an eventual face-to-face visit in prison.
The film ends  and shows the real photo taken of Moss and Gacy several days before the execution  stating.
Moss went on to graduate and write a book with Gacy before committing suicide in June.
<EOS>
Bunny is being interviewed on the TV show People to People with Cedric R.
Burrows.
Daffy Duck shows up.
Bugs is interviewed.
Seeing  Daffy decides to get in.
Bugs is being interviewed.
Bugs does nt want to interfere and puts him out.
Burrows asks.
Bugs has outsmarted Elmer Fudd that is far from clever and notoriously stupid.
Elmer is watching the program.
Him gets angry and decides to come.
Elmer comes over.
Bugs stops the interview to settle.
Daffy sings a Ted Lewis song.
Elmer gives Bugs a chance to apologise or get shot  but Bugs puts a carrot in the gun.
It backfires.
Elmer puts his rifle into thinking its a TV camera.
Elmer shoots Daffy leaving him and feathers missing.
Daffy is now jealous.
Being a rabbit was what Bugs did to be famous  starts mocking Bugs and says.
Anyone can do what he does.
Then Elmer comes back and starts shooting and chasing Daffy thinking.
He is Bugs.
Daffy points chases Bugs outside.
Daffy decides to do a song and dance number for Mr Burrows.
Outside  Bugs outsmarts Elmer.
Elmer always comes out the cliff end.
Elmer gets confused and stays panting.
Bugs goes back.
Back home  Bugs decides to get rid by letting him be on TV.
Bugs mentions to Daffy.
There will be 40 million people watching the show.
He gets stage fright and faints.
When Daffy hears this.
Bugs is fans Daffy and tells Burrows  Good Night  Mr Burrows.
<EOS>
The crew.
S.
Army Master Sergeant Joe Gunn and nicknamed Lulu Belle  become separated during a general retreat from Erwin Rommel s forces.
The Americans pick up a motley collection of stragglers  among them British doctor Captain Halliday  four Commonwealth troops  and Free French Corporal Leroux.
Halliday  the only officer  cedes command.
Later  they come.
Who volunteers to lead them.
En route  Luftwaffe pilot Captain von Schletow strafes the tank  killing one  but is shot down and captured.
Arriving  they find it completely dry.
Now running out  they are forced to detour to the desert well Bir Acroma marked on Gunn s map.
They find it.
It is almost dry  providing only a trickle.
Gunn sets up an ambush.
When German scouts arrive soon afterwards.
Gunn finds out.
Their mechanized battalion  desperate  is following close behind.
He persuades the others to make a stand to delay the Germans.
Waco takes the.
The two Germans are released to carry back an offer  food.
Though there is barely enough.
Gunn changes the deal.
When the Germans return.
The well has completely dried up.
A standoff and battle begins between Gunn and Major von Falken  the German commander.
Gunn keeps up the pretence.
The well is full to buy time.
Eventually  the Germans attack and are beaten off again and again.
One are killed.
Von Schletow tries to escape  killing Giuseppe.
When he tries to alert Gunn.
Tambul chases him down and kills him.
The thirst-maddened Germans  final assault turns.
They drop their weapons and claw.
He discovers.
A German shell that exploded has tapped into a source of water.
Gunn and the only other Allied survivor disarm the Germans.
They drink their fill.
They encounter Allied troops guided.
They are marching their prisoners east.
The movie ends at the First Battle of El Alamein  turning back the tide of Rommel s Afrika Korps.
<EOS>
Furniture supplier Ram is happily married.
One day  Ram lands a big client  a new luxury resort.
But he needs the help  to finalize the deal.
Kara s help  however  comes.
She fancies Ram to be her lover.
Not  Kara successfully seduces Ram.
Though she knows.
She finds ways to fight.
When Charmaine learns.
<EOS>
Frank women.
Sympathetically tracks several inmates.
Some are successfully rehabilitated  some are not.
Female prisoners talk.
Each is detailed in a series of flashbacks  notably the upper-class Jean  the brash Betty and the pregnant Pat.
The Weak and the Wicked follows the inmate s progress  Jean s ordeal improves after some sympathetic bonding with her fellow inmates  followed by a move to an experimental open prison.
<EOS>
Sophie and Otto Bentwood are a middle-aged  middle class  childless Brooklyn Heights couple trapped.
He is an attorney  she a translator.
Their existence is affected.
Surround them everywhere they turn  leaving them feeling paranoid  scared  and desperately helpless.
The film details their fragile emotional and psychological states.
They interact.
<EOS>
A female commissar of the Red Army cavalry Klavdia Vavilova finds herself pregnant.
She is forced to stay Yefim Magazannik  his wife  mother-in-law  and six children.
Her child is born.
Are not enthusiastic about living under one roof.
They call her.
Soon they share their rationed food  make her civilian clothes  and help her.
Vavilova seemingly embraces motherhood  civilian life  and new friends.
Meanwhile  the frontline advances closer expect a pogrom by the White Army as the Red Army retreats.
Vavilova attempts to console them  One day people will work in peace and harmony.
The dream is interrupted in the coming world war.
She rushes to rejoin her army regiment  leaving her newborn behind.
<EOS>
Seoul .
A group are joy-riding through the streets.
Berated for scorning her.
Their leader the teenage Han Ki-su is tearfully.
The biker Kim Myung-shik is attracted dolefully.
Ki-su executes a perfect bike jump over it.
Six years later Ki-su is working.
The building blows up.
After he leaves.
Ki-su does nt think.
His package was connected.
Ki-su is later asked to drive Ah-rom  the lead vocalist  to a televised stadium concert.
She is late.
He finds.
She is actually Chun-shim who is still angry.
He offer her his helmet  unaware.
It s been switched.
Ki-su receives a phone call and is told to deliver three packages already stowed  with a 30-minute delivery time for each package.
It will explode.
They exceed the time limit or if Chun-shim tries to take off the helmet then.
Meanwhile the police  led examine the CCTV tape in the building.
Exploded and believe that Ki-su is potentially the bomber.
Ki-su delivers.
Where she performs.
The two start to make the deliveries  while being hunted by the police and trying to solve figure out.
Who is responsible while driving between Seoul and Incheon.
<EOS>
Nobody  nobody but  Juan tells the story.
S.
- based senior citizen named Juan.
Who lives.
Juan s favorite pastime is watching Wowowee.
He does not watch the show just.
He dearly misses.
Whom he lost touch.
Wowowee is Juan s way.
<EOS>
The film tells the story played by David Darlow and his son Johnny Caine  portrayed by Brandon Lee.
The story explains the fate  he had married and become a town s medicine man.
One night he had a heart attack.
His ghost appears.
Later  the pair destroys a drug operation.
<EOS>
Modern-day polymath Michael E.
Arth and his pregnant wife  Maya  travel from Santa Barbara  CA -- -- to a ruined and dangerous neighborhood in a small town in Florida.
Where they lived.
Arth buys 32 homes and businesses  and turns the slum.
Shoot nails and staples.
To build new towns and neighborhoods.
Arth also proposes building a Pedestrian Village to homelessness.
The film also follows the development and ends on an upbeat  optimistic note with a vision for the future.
There is also a section  documented.
Chronicles Arth s early life and struggles.
<EOS>
Harvard University student Mark Zuckerberg is dumped by his girlfriend Erica Albright at a bar.
He returns and writes a blog entry about her.
This inspires him to create an on-campus website called Facemash the attractiveness.
Allows users.
Mark receives six months.
Traffic crashes parts of Harvard s network.
Facemash s popularity and the fact.
Mark created it night while drunk brings him to the attention of Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss and their business partner Divya Narendra.
The Winklevoss twins invite Mark.
Where Mark accepts a job.
Will be exclusive.
Mark approaches his friend Eduardo Saverin and tells him.
What he calls Thefacebook  an online social networking website exclusive students.
He explains.
This would mimic the popularity but since signing up would be consensual it would avoid the ethical problems of the earlier site.
Eduardo agrees to help Mark  providing $ 1000 to help start the site.
They distribute the link at the Phoenix S-K final club.
It becomes popular.
The Winklevoss twins and Narendra believe.
When they learn.
Zuckerberg has stolen their idea.
Tyler and Divya want to sue Mark.
Cameron convinces them to settle the matter.
Fellow Harvard University student Christy Lee introduces herself and her friend Alice to Eduardo and Mark and asks the boys to Facebook me.
Christy s use impresses both of them.
Christy invites them.
Where Mark runs.
Mark decides to expand the site.
Thefacebook grows  while the Winklevoss twins and Narendra watch their idea advance without them.
Cameron refuses to sue them  instead accusing Mark.
They meet with Harvard President Larry Summers  and sees no potential value in either a disciplinary action or in Thefacebook website itself.
Who is dismissive.
Eduardo and Mark arrange a meeting with Napster co-founder Sean Parker.
Eduardo becomes skeptical  noting Sean s problematic personal and professional history.
Sean presents a vision very similar to that of Mark.
Earns Mark s instant admiration.
Sean suggests they drop the The from Thefacebook  saying.
It looks cleaner.
Mark moves the company to Palo Alto.
Eduardo remains.
Sean advises Mark to keep hold to ensure.
Mark does not lose control.
Mark invites Sean to live.
Sean promises to expand Facebook.
He is using.
Footage final against the Hollandia Roeiclub is posted on it.
Cameron relents.
They decide to sue.
He is angered to find Sean living and making business decisions for Facebook.
When Eduardo visits.
Eduardo argues  with Mark making a demeaning remark regarding Eduardo s failed attempts to find advertisers.
Eduardo freezes the company s bank account to New York.
Eduardo has been dismayed to learn.
His girlfriend Christy is psychotic  as he terms it.
Christy angrily confronts Eduardo about his Facebook profile.
Lists him as single.
She refuses to believe Eduardo.
When he reluctantly explains that he does not know how to change his profile.
She accuses him and sets fire to a scarf he gave to her.
Mark reveals.
Eduardo extinguishes the fire she caused.
Although he was upset that Eduardo almost jeopardized Facebook  they have secured $ 500000 from angel investor Peter Thiel.
Eduardo breaks up and returns to California.
Eduardo discovers the deal.
Visiting the new headquarters.
He signed with Sean s investors has allowed them to dilute his share from 34 percent to.
03 percent.
Maintaining the ownership percentage.
He confronts Mark and announces his intention to sue him.
Sean and a number of underage Facebook interns are arrested for possession of cocaine.
Sean tries deceiving Mark.
He had nothing to do and that Eduardo stashed the cocaine.
Mark does not believe him and tells him to go home.
The story is intercut -- one filed by the Winklevoss twins  the other by Eduardo.
The Winklevoss twins claim.
Zuckerberg stole their idea  while Saverin claims his shares were unfairly diluted when the company was incorporated.
Marylin Delpy  a junior lawyer for the defense  informs Mark.
They will be settling.
The sordid details will make a jury highly unsympathetic.
Mark sends a friend request to Erica Albright on Facebook  and refreshes the page every few seconds waiting for a response.
<EOS>
The teens are aiding a wolf researcher  then their records are cleared.
Part bargain  they help.
The intent is to display the resourcefulness of young people.
When confronted.
They are also aided.
Who shows up to guide the way.
<EOS>
The Austrian empress  nicknamed Sissi  enjoys travelling.
Where she ultimately finds the politically priceless affection too intimate.
But this is only temporary relief.
Where dutiful Franz remains chained and leaves his chillingly strict mother Sophie interfering  even in the upbringing of their daughter  Gisella.
Franz has to allow Sophie to remove their daughter  Sissi is in danger of losing the will to live on Madeira and Corfu.
Exiled. 
Then desperately needed psychosomatic therapy appears.
She lovingly nurses both her sickness and her taste on idyllic walks.
Once again Oberst Bockl  the clumsy body-guard  provides a comical note.
Whose doting admiration borders on the improper.
He does.
Finally  Sissi is well enough to rejoin her husband to Milan and Venice  part of Austria s remaining possessions in northern Italy.
Nationalists have prepared a hostile welcome  the Italian nobility creates a provokation by sending their dressed-up servants to a royal command performance at La Scala.
The crowds stand by royal barge on the Grand Canal.
But the emotional Italians melt.
<EOS>
Police detective Kang has resorted to pay for the medical bills of his wife.
Who is.
One day he is approached.
Who confessess.
Kang realises.
The murder and his wife s accident are.
<EOS>
Jeremy Spensser  the brilliant young scion  is killed in an automobile accident.
His death occurs.
He leaves.
Jeremy s father  noted brain surgeon William Spensser  is distressed.
His son s gifts will be denied.
He conceives a plan to give Jeremy s excellent mind another chance to benefit humanity.
William convinces Jeremy s brother  Henry  to assist  but there are unforeseen complications.
The huge cyborg is kept.
They ve created.
The massive metallic creation is superhumanly strong and damage-resistant  a possibly dangerous combination.
However  lacking reliable sensory apparatus.
Deprived  Jeremy s mind begins to lose its humanity.
His focus changes.
The machine develops other powers.
Jeremy loses control.
Jeremy s mental confusion leads.
Only the presence is able to focus Jeremy s self-control  long enough for the cyborg to teach the boy.
To destroy the colossus.
The film is noted.
<EOS>
Life proceeds at a measured past.
The officers drink and debauch.
The soldiers serve.
Meanwhile accidentally unleashed.
Human emotions are suffocated.
Lt.
Poletaev is an irrepressible character.
Even the grim character is nt enough to dampen his spirits.
Instead  he keeps things lively.
He succeeds.
Not only that  but one singers and he have a nice little romantic spark going.
It s too bad.
She s the live-in lover.
Vinogradov.
I made a film.
About a Lieutenant.
Who fell with a Colonel s young and beautiful wife.
The Colonel  s got two wives  the first.
Whom he met and fell head over heels.
Pangs  painful doubts  sidelong glances.
Only shot can cleave this knot.
Says director Pyotr Todorovsky.
<EOS>
He is fatally ill.
Who works.
His boss sees him  giving chase.
Max intentionally crashes the car.
He is pulled unconscious by a homely young woman  Emma.
Who lives alone.
She discovers the money and sets the car aflame.
She tells him.
When Max comes.
The car has burned and that she took nothing from the car before it burst into flames.
Max hides the fact.
He is dying.
He also hides  in the form of the near-by village s young officer  Henner.
Who has had his heart set.
Love blooms  after some stumbles  such as his finding out.
She had taken the money.
<EOS>
Captain Ward is an old man living.
Sally s mother died and never revealed the identity.
When Sally was born.
That s.
Ward is overprotective.
One day  Sally finds a dog and sneaks him.
He runs away  however.
Sally follows him.
There she meets Hugh Schuyler  the young friend.
They fall.
Ward chases him away.
He tells him.
When the judge visits the captain.
He doubts he is Sally s father.
Ward becomes angry and kills him.
Sally finds out Ward and accepts a marriage proposal.
Is actually her father.
She elopes.
They live happily ever.
<EOS>
Mimi Glossop arrives to seek a divorce from her geologist husband Cyril.
Whom she has nt seen.
She consults a bumbling and less-than-competent lawyer Egbert Fitzgerald.
Who happens to be one.
He arranges.
Her to spend a night and to be caught in an adulterous relationship  for which purpose he hires a professional co-respondent  Rodolfo Tonetti.
But Egbert forgets to arrange to catch the couple.
Guy Holden an American dancer and friend of Egbert s   also arrives at the hotel  only to be mistaken by Mimi for the co-respondent she has been waiting for.
Who briefly met Mimi in England  and who is now besotted with her.
Tonetti arrives  revealing the truth  and holds.
They are.
Them prisoner to suit the plan.
They contrive to escape and dance the night away.
After several mistakes with the waiter  Cyril Glossop arrives at the door  so Guy hides in the next room.
Mimi and Tonetti give a show.
Guy comes out and embraces Mimi.
When Cyril does nt believe them.
He is her lover.
It is an unwitting waiter.
Who finally clears the whole thing up.
<EOS>
Her Triumph was Desly s only American feature film  and was a dramatic retelling.
Her dancing partner Harry Pilcer costars.
Daniel Frohman produced and was Gaby Deslys  American stage manager.
<EOS>
Parshuram is a police official.
Who is very rash and is willing to arrest his own family.
Harish  his brother  is caught.
Sridevi  a common thief  almost becomes a victim but manages to escape.
She is later assaulted and becomes blind.
She is a witness.
Form the crux.
How Chiru protects her and how the villains try to take revenge.
This movie was remade.
<EOS>
It is obvious.
The Germans will lose the war.
Colonel Devlin leads a military intelligence unit.
Recruits German prisoners to spy on their former comrades.
Tiger  a cynical older thief and ex-circus worker  is willing to work.
Whichever side is winning.
Happy is a young idealist.
Who volunteers is killed by fanatical fellow prisoners for voicing doubts about the war s outcome.
Monique trains Happy and the others  she takes a liking to the young man  despite her hatred for Germans.
One day  Devlin receives word.
A German general is willing to negotiate the surrender.
Naturally  this is given top priority.
An American officer has to go along.
Devlin selects Lieutenant Rennick  a newcomer.
Who distrusts the German turncoats.
Tiger is chosen.
He is the only one who knows the area.
He is after returning from his last mission without his teammate.
Happy is assigned the related task Panzer Corps.
Might oppose the wholesale defection.
They parachute out  then split up.
Happy encounters Germans with differing attitudes towards the war  some resigned  like Hilde  a few still defiant  such as Waffen SS courier Scholtz.
Happy accomplishes his mission.
Posing  he is commandeered to treat Oberst von Ecker  the commander of the 11th Panzer.
Afterwards  he is sought.
Narrowly escaping capture  Happy makes his way.
Where the other two agents are hiding out.
Meanwhile  Tiger and Rennick have learned.
The general they were to contact was supposedly injured.
The hospital is  without him  the other German officers can not and will not act.
Where he has been taken.
The radio is knocked out  so they are forced to try to swim to get to the American lines with the vital information.
Tiger loses his nerve and runs away  forcing Rennick to shoot him.
He and Happy then swim.
They are spotted.
When they start.
Happy creates a diversion  is captured and executed.
His sacrifice enables the lieutenant to make it  with a changed attitude about some Germans.
<EOS>
Is the story of two brothers.
Who have gone very different ways  and who now must learn to deal with each other again.
Joe is the older.
He is a good student and runner set.
Billy   is a delinquent involved in drugs and crime.
He has just been released after serving time for a failed attempt at car theft.
The story begins.
It is not an easy task.
Billy tries to make amends.
Joe still holds a lot  and feels.
What Billy has put their widowed mother.
Billy s return is an unnecessary strain.
Forced to attend another high school  Billy tries to stay out of trouble.
His old rivals force him.
Gets him.
Billy s friend Louie  a highly alluring drug dealer  wants him to return as a criminal.
Who was also involved.
It seems.
Only Billy and Joe s mother believes that Billy can become a valuable member and offers Billy full support.
Joe mockingly suggests.
He try out  figuring that nothing will come of it.
Nevertheless  Billy asks the coach.
Though the track season is two months old.
Only two months remain.
The county meet.
Billy hardly looks and greased back long hair.
He demonstrates surprising speed  running an 800m race at.
Impressed  the coach immediately puts Billy.
Joe is very much impressed.
The two start.
After Joe goes out and buys him a special pair.
Billy s speed soon makes him a contender.
The brothers compete.
Billy attends a rival school.
A big meet which will help determine whether or not Joe receives that scholarship.
He is the best runner.
The outcome come together.
The two brothers attempt to overcome the adversity caused and solidify their relationship with each other.
Joe ends up shattering the record.
<EOS>
A couple.
Who come and buy a pet shop from its owner in an attempt to try to eat some of earth.
The aliens look aside from the fact.
They have a third eye which they cover with their hats.
One free of charge.
They give some pets.
The pets at first seem normal.
They change.
The kids meet.
When they return because their pets stop eating and need some type of vitamins that the two aliens feed them.
<EOS>
Jaishankar was being accused out and a third.
Who plays the part.
Which two are his students.
Who is his landlord s daughter  that he has sexually harassed them  just before his marriage.
His fiancee played sets out to investigate along with some of his dutiful students.
A rare intelligent black and white suspense movie  holding to the end with great cinematography and enthralling dialogues.
What went wrong.
This is definitely one.
Balachander s master pieces.
<EOS>
The grandson is hiding away as a laboratory assistant for the gentle Prof.
Morton.
Dr Frankenstein secretly works his own experiments.
Dr Morton pursues a pet project.
They are only a.
These experiments temporarily disfigure Trudy s face and cause her to wander aimlessly.
Oliver constructs a female monster from the body parts of various murdered people and begins to deal a horrible fate upon any.
Who dare stand.
<EOS>
A group of student begin terrorizing their socially undesirable classmates.
Who call themselves The Sentinels.
Soon  one ends up brutally murdered.
An editor begins to investigate.
The Sentinels become even more ruthless.
<EOS>
Martin Beck is to a vacation with his colleague and girlfriend Lena Klingstrom.
When several gruesome murders force him to return.
He is forced to lead the investigation of the strange murders.
There are four things connecting the murders  they are all  they are all decapitations.
A sign is left.
This sign is X -.
Means death.
The last connecting thing is.
All lights has been turned off.
It becomes clear.
The investigation progresses.
Erik Lindgren  a man who works has some kind of connection to the murderers and that they are living in the system of tunnels beneath Stockholm which is much more vast than the subway system.
He reveals.
When Erik is found.
The murderers are kids that live mostly  playing a game called Final Doom  and that his sister is one of those kids.
They have built their own view through the game and are playing it by killing people in the subway  and gaining frags.
They share these murders online and reaches new levels by gaining frags.
They are ambushed.
When Erik is guiding Beck.
The Swedish task force arrives just to save Beck  but too late for Erik.
Eventually  Beck finds Erik s sister  Annika.
Who takes Beck and the task force.
The hideout is empty.
Who are playing games.
He tells Annika.
The other kids are out.
Annika discovers.
They are raiding the station.
Beck and the task force arrives just to arrest the kids.
Who are armed.
Stefan  the leader  attempts to kill Annika.
She betrayed them  but is shot.
Journalists asks him.
When Beck arrives.
He tells Klingstrom.
He may not be able to go  because he maybe have to go to New York and assist with the investigation.
<EOS>
Major Matt Brady is redeployed to Pusan  South Korea.
His mission there is to train South Korean pilots.
Also  there are air support exercises.
Colonel Schuller sends Brady and Captain MacIntyre.
The American instructors only have 25 days left to introduce the South Korean pilots.
Brady meets Donna Cottrell  a former fiance of his.
Donna s husband  Red Cross physician Dr Stephen Cottrell  is said to have been killed.
- he had been captured  but was able to escape - she returns.
When Donna finds out that he is actually alive.
She tells Matt.
Stephen can not work any more.
His hands were badly injured.
She is intent to do the right thing.
She feels torn apart.
The training makes progress.
Is carefully noticed.
Captain Veddors tells him.
Matt does not fly any more because he had caused a deadly crash.
Matt receives an encrypted message announcing a serious enemy attack.
MacIntyre informs Matt.
Lieutenant Kim-Sun is not able to fly due.
But Matt needs every man  Kim-Sun dies.
The pilots raise grave reproaches against Matt.
MacIntyre suspects.
Kim-Sun s plane has been sabotaged.
Colonel Schuller orders the evacuation and gives Matt the order  to release the South Korean pilots into active service.
Stephen stays behind to carry on his work  Donna leaves the base in a convoy.
The convoy is attacked.
Colonel Conners cautions Matt.
Air support is out of the question.
But  intervention by US infantrymen was possible.
Matt stays behind.
Soon the news arrive.
Captain Warnowski and his infantry battailon reach Kungju.
Only 30 remain  due to heavy tank assaults.
The infantrymen found wounded Captain Wyler and picked him up.
Wyler had been driving the truck.
Donna was.
He can tell Matt.
He dies.
North Korean airplanes damage the airfield.
Matt and Warnowski agree to retreat.
South Koreans identify an old woman.
Who has been transmitting information to the enemy by radio.
Matt and his remaining troop come.
Matt s arm is wounded  Veddors is killed.
They reach a Red Cross hospital.
Soon Donna arrives there  too.
There she hears.
Stephen was killed.
The enemy tanks thrust forward and force the survivors to retreat further.
Only  Matt  Donna and the rest can escape.
US planes attack and stop the tanks.
<EOS>
A movie.
Whose name his Harichandra.
Who always lie and cheat everyone.
But no matter continues to belief him.
What  nobody knows that he is a big liar and cheated and still.
Then he met a school principal Nandhini.
Later he fall with her  thus he will try to do a lot of cheating and etc.
To impress Nandhini.
But this time Nandhini was clever enough to identify all his lies and cheats but no matter.
What they still reunite again.
Quarrel and fights lasted.
Everyone know that no matter Harichandra lies and cheats people he is still a good human being.
Thus Harichandra and Nandhini got married and lived happily.
<EOS>
The film opens.
A flashback spins out the circumstances.
Mikel  a young pharmacist involved is living in Lekeitio  a Basque coastal town.
He picks her up.
When his wife  Begona  returns abroad.
Their marriage is unhappy  the relationship is tense.
Begona wants to resolve their problems.
Mikel is indifferent.
The couple visits Mikel s domineering mother  Dona Maria Luisa  a widow.
Who lives.
The relationship is also fractured.
Mikel and Begona have an argument.
When she tells him.
She has discussed their sexual problems.
They are going to have supper to house a doctor.
Who has arrived.
The calm is disrupted with the senseless death of two young people.
Who did not stop and were killed by the Civil Guard.
Mikel attends a political meeting  and is offered a seat.
Which he belongs.
Mikel takes parts.
He arrives drunk at home.
Having sex  Mikel bites Begona s clitoris during an alcohol-fuelled attempt at oral sex.
This incident effectively marks the end.
The next day Martin  takes cares inflected in the attack and as a friend and mentor to Mikel  he recommends him a therapist in Bilbao.
Mikel joins an old friend in a bar and gets drunk.
Mikel wakes up the following morning  knowing  a female impersonator.
He has had sex.
Whose show he has seen.
Realizing  Mikel embarks down the wrong side of the motorway  but swerves aside in time to avoid a crash.
What he has done  humiliated and confused.
Begona moves out.
A new chapter begins.
Uninvited  Fama comes and gives Mikel a surprise visit in the pharmacy.
Where he works.
She offers him emotional support.
Recounting the story  she encourages him to come to term with his sexuality.
Mikel has a meeting and is forgiven by her.
He tells her that.
Before he has seen the future like now.
However   his political comrades reject him.
When his homosexual relationship becomes public.
Mikel s proud mother is horrified.
Mikel is arrested and questioned.
His friend  Martin  has confessed.
Years ago both helped a wounded E.
TA member to escape.
Resisting the violent attempts of the police to get information out of him  Mikel comes out of prison enthusiastic about developing his relationship with Fama.
The next morning his brother finds him death.
His death is not explained.
Cinematography points clearly.
Who has already stated that she will not accept the public humiliation.
Mikel s political comrades appropriate his death for political protest.
Who rejected him.
<EOS>
Emory Leeson is an advertising executive.
Who experiences a nervous breakdown.
He designs a series.
One  Stephen Bachman  checks him into a psychiatric hospital.
Emory goes under the care of Dr Liz Baylor and meets other voluntary patients  such as the lovely and vulnerable Kathy Burgess.
There is also George.
Who can only speak one word  Hello.
Emory s advertisements get printed.
The new campaign turns out to be a tremendous success.
Campaigns like  Jaguar.
Who d like.
And Volvo -- they re boxy.
They re good.
Drucker grabs credit.
He assigns Stephen and the rest.
Nothing works.
Emory is approached about creating new ads himself.
He insists.
His fellow mental patients also be involved and suitably rewarded  transforming the sanitarium into a branch of the advertising industry.
They come up  like one for a Greek travel agency  Forget Paris.
Goes. 
The French can be annoying.
Come.
We re nicer.
And another one called Come.
The ad campaign states  It wo nt just scare you  it will fuck you up for life.
The evil Drucker and the doctor get greedy and try to separate the team.
But it does nt work.
Dr Baylor defies her boss and Emory negotiates to get new automobiles.
He also manages to track down the long absent brother.
Whom he has fallen.
<EOS>
Most takes place in a continuing flashback of one fateful night in 1967 at the Flower Palace Nightclub.
Butterfly Yiu was given an accidental chance to perform the final show.
When the original and star performer  Pak Long  was stranded.
This started a chain.
Will change the four character s lives forever.
The beginning and the end takes place in modern times.
Butterfly returns to perform in a final charity show at the Flower Palace Nightclub.
It is demolished.
Only Butterfly became very famous  and had a long career as a singer and actress.
She had financial security  but lost out.
Her love interest  Karl Sum  can not bear the pressure and relative shame.
Karl left to start a new career  only to be reunited with Butterfly at the end of the movie.
This ending differs.
Although Butterfly and Karl meet again  she can not forgive him.
Lulu Kim also became popular as Butterfly.
Lulu eventually was married.
He originally sought to marry Butterfly.
She waited out  and refused his advances.
Fung Ping continues her unlucky streak.
She followed Donny  her gambling-addict boyfriend  with a show tour team.
She arrived at the height of the Vietnam War  and was presumably killed during a bombing raid by US Forces.
She gave birth in Vietnam  despite earlier promises of an abortion.
Karl Sum adopted the son and took him.
He was united at the end of the movie.
Nancy eventually sought another job as a lounge singer.
She remained obscure  and became depressed and an alcoholic.
She eventually lost her voice due and died of cirrhosis.
Butterfly only knew before her charity show.
<EOS>
Already taking a gamble settling  the peaceful settlers of a town destined for railroad greatness suddenly find themselves being ruthlessly gunned down.
Justice falls  but retired  gunslinger.
No law and order to be found.
<EOS>
Somewhere  Bugs is floating in a box  singing to himself.
When ` the island that inevitably turns up  turns up.
Bugs swims  and admires the peace and quiet.
When bombs start going off.
Bugs ducks  and soon comes.
Face to face and who might be rapidly stating the names of Japanese cities whenever he moves.
The soldier chases Bugs.
Where the soldier dumps a bomb inside.
However  Bugs manages to blow the soldier up.
Bugs appears  but is soon recognized by his trademark carrot eating  prompting one soldier to ask him  Honorable Doc.
When the soldier tries to pull Bugs out.
What s up.
However  Bugs ties the soldier s plane  causing the plane to be yanked out from under him.
The soldier parachutes down  but is met.
Who hands Moto some ` scrap iron.
Causing the soldier to fall.
Painting a Japanese flag  Bugs runs into a sumo wrestler.
Whom he confidently faces off.
Bugs dresses as a geisha girl and knocks the wrestler out.
Who repaints a second flag before passing out.
Seeing a bunch  Bugs thinks of a plan to get rid of all of them.
He comes out.
Plays Mozart.
Bugs hands each.
All the Japanese are killed off  save for one.
Who was killed.
Having now painted dozens on the trees denoting all the downed enemy  Bugs comments again about the ` peace and quiet.
It s peace and quiet.
There s one thing I CA NT stand.
Bugs spots an American battleship and raises a white flag  yelling.
Them to come get him.
However  they do not notice him and keep going.
Bugs is insulted  Do they think.
I want to spend the rest on this island.
<EOS>
Safe-cracker John Bridger has arranged  he calls his daughter Stella before the heist attempt.
Bridger meets.
They successfully recover a safe filled.
Steve betrays the group not long thereafter  killing John and attempting but failing to kill the rest.
A year later  Charlie and the team have located Steve.
Steve  having taken a new identity and moved  is attempting to launder the gold through a jewelry store owner  Yevhen.
To execute a plan to recover the gold  Charlie contacts Stella  now a professional safe-cracker  and convinces her to help them.
It can be moved.
Charlie s initial plan is to distract Steve.
They drive Mini Coopers  modified by Rob s mechanic friend Wrench to handle the weight of the gold  then make their escape through Los Angeles using hacked traffic lights to cover their route.
Charlie calls off the plan  but has Stella go to avoid attracting attention.
When they find the next-door neighbors are having a party that night.
Regardless  Steve identifies Stella s true identity.
Charlie confronts Steve directly  warning.
They will find some way to recover the gold and make up.
Steve is forced to accelerate the sale to Yevhen  but Yevhen reveals.
He knew.
Steve kills Yevhen to keep him silent  unaware.
Yevhen is the cousin.
Steve arranges to move the gold.
Charlie s team realizes.
Steve  watching above  has enlisted three armored trucks  two to act as decoys.
They determine.
Truck holds the gold and use the traffic lights to manipulate the truck.
There  they detonate explosives  dropping the truck into an empty subway tunnel.
Charlie and his team load the gold and evade Steve s security team.
Steve hijacks a truck and follows the cars.
Where they appear to have been loaded.
Steve opens the boxcar to find only Charlie waiting.
Steve tries to fire.
He is captured  Charlie reveals  Maskhov accepts a share of the gold and takes Steve with him.
He told Maskhov.
Charlie and the rest split up the remaining gold and go their separate ways  with Charlie and Stella staying together.
<EOS>
Ajay Mehra is to counter Kashmir rebels right after Independence.
Blast. 
He is injured due to a bomb.
A young girl Asha is forced to flee for her own safety following an attack on her house by Kashmir rebels.
She comes.
Who is injured.
She nurses him back over a period of time.
They start.
But  Ajay has lost his memory.
Hence they both decide to go to Srinagar to get treatment at a hospital.
But Ajay gets some clue and decides to go to Bombay to find the truth about himself.
Ajay sees bank robbers fleeing after robbing a bank.
He tries to stop them and is hit.
He recognises the robbers  to be from Continental Hotel.
Where he was looking.
He is then taken.
Where his brother comes to meet him.
He starts regaining some parts of his memory.
But he has completely forgotten.
The robbers decide to kill Ajay.
He has recognised them.
They send a group member s wife.
There she claims to be his wife.
Looking  Asha also reaches his home.
But Ajay fails to recognise her.
Finding it suspicious  Police keep an eye.
The robbers try to kill Ajay several times but are unsuccessful.
He comes to know.
The police and Ajay draw up a plan to fool the robbers.
They fake Ajay s death and  relieved and are then caught by police.
Ajay again loses consciousness but regains his full memory later on.
Ajay and Asha are then united indicating a happy ending.
<EOS>
Kevin Harrison  an arms dealer  attempts to destroy an American-owned Concorde.
One learns of his weapons sales to communist countries during the Cold War.
The Concorde takes off.
Captain Paul Metrand makes conversation.
They land.
Maggie Whalen recaps the arrival and reports on the Goodwill flight on the Concorde the following day.
Leads. 
Carl Parker shows up.
Carl is shot.
A passerby triggers a fire alarm  scaring the assailant away.
Capt.
Joe Patroni introduces himself.
The next morning  Maggie tells Harrison and the rumor of documents.
Kevin claims.
Someone is framing him.
He sends Maggie off.
He waits to arrive.
Kevin tells Willie.
Parker is dead.
They do not have the documents.
Kevin asks.
What time the next launch is.
Willie replies 630  Kevin wants.
It delayed until 800 and the drone test reprogrammed.
Paul and Joe board the Concorde.
It is difficult to determine the.
Both are captains.
Peter ONeill  the 2nd officer and flight engineer  is living.
Kevin surprises Maggie to see her off.
He asks.
The documents showed up.
They have not.
Carl Parker s wife delivers the documents.
He is walking away.
She steps.
She looks them over and realizes.
Kevin lied.
The Concorde takes off.
Where  unbeknownst  an off-course SAM is headed straight for them.
Kevin tells his controllers to alert the government.
The USAF scrambles F-15 fighter jets to intercept the missile.
As it locks.
An F-15 shoots down the missile.
It collides.
An F-4 Phantom sent.
The Concorde is approaching the European coastline.
French Air Force Mirages scramble to help the Concorde.
The Mirages shoot down the.
The Concorde continues.
To Le Bourget.
The Concorde reaches the French coastline  landing and just barely stopping at the last safety net.
Captain Metrand and Isabelle invite Joe.
Kevin arrives.
Where an associate meets him  stating that he has another plan.
Joe  Paul and Isabelle meet.
Promised. 
Maggie meets Kevin.
He promises to go public but attempts to bribe Maggie into polishing his statement.
A mechanic  Rollie  places a device in the Concorde s cargo door control unit  timed to open during flight.
A well-dressed woman attempts to smuggle a dog aboard.
She is caught and leaves the aircraft.
Rollie is in line at the security checkpoint.
When his money falls out.
The x-ray technician attempts to return it.
Rollie pretends not to hear and runs off.
The security guard tells his partner to call security.
Rollie runs.
Where the Concorde is taking off.
The aircraft s wake scatters the money.
He received.
The aircraft is en route.
When the automatic device opens the cargo door.
He sees the carpet tear down the middle  signifying the fuselage is under tremendous stress.
When Captain Metrand investigates.
The aircraft is about to break apart.
The cargo door is ripped off  extensively damaging the aircraft and ripping the floor.
It spirals.
The airline founder s seat lodges  acting as a plug.
The pilots attempt to fly for an emergency landing  but realize.
They do not have enough fuel.
Paul realizes  they could make a gear-up landing.
They are flying.
The aircraft approaches the landing site.
The ski patrol marks a runway.
The aircraft lands successfully.
Maggie gives a report to a news reporter and gives details about a major story.
She is about to release.
Kevin hears the newscast and commits suicide.
The last of the crew leaves the aircraft shortly before fuselage caves in and explodes from leaking fuel.
<EOS>
A ship of British settlers of the Virginia Company sets sail to the New World.
The ship are Captain John Smith and the voyage s leader Governor Ratcliffe.
Who believes the local Native Americans are hiding a vast collection and seeks to gain it for his own.
The ship gets caught.
Smith saves a young  inexperienced man named Thomas.
Pocahontas  daughter of Chief Powhatan  dreads being possibly wed to Kocoum  a brave warrior.
Whom she sees as too serious when conflicting.
Chief Powhatan gives Pocahontas her mother s necklace.
Pocahontas  along Meeko and hummingbird Flit  visit Grandmother Willow  a spiritual talking willow tree.
Who alerts her.
Governor Ratcliffe has a fortress built  naming it James Town  and quickly has the crewmen begin digging for gold.
Smith departs to explore the wilderness  and eventually encounters Pocahontas.
They quickly bond  fascinated s worlds.
The two end up falling  countermanding Chief Powhatan s orders to keep away from the Englishmen after Kocoum and other warriors engage them in a fight.
Meanwhile  Meeko meets Percy  Ratcliffe s spoilt dog  and becomes the bane.
Pocahontas introduces Smith and avoids two other crewmen  however  Pocahontas  friend Nakoma discovers her relationship with Smith and warns Kocoum.
Thomas also follows Smith.
Both he and Kocoum witness the two kissing.
Kocoum attacks and tries to kill Smith but is himself killed by Thomas.
An enraged Chief Powhatan declares war.
Smith is to be executed.
Thomas warns the crewmen.
Ratcliffe rallies the men to battle.
Pocahontas goes.
Meeko hands her a compass.
Points her  leading to her destiny.
She successfully stops Smith s execution.
Ratcliffe tries to shoot Chief Powhatan with Smith taking the bullet.
The governor is captured and arrested.
Smith is forced to return home to get treatment  with Pocahontas and Chief Powhatan s blessing to return in the future.
<EOS>
A woman s sister goes missing.
She goes to see.
She can get any information.
She does get support.
The police ca nt assist.
The two investigate the disappearance.
Leads them.
<EOS>
The story begins.
That the people would not forget the history.
The powerful Roman Empire  under the reign of Hadrian  had expanded its rule to the Central Asian countries.
The great Roman Empire agreed to create an alliance with the Han Dynasty by marrying their two prince and princess  thus uniting the two powers of East and West.
The Roman prince Marcus Carprenius did not agree.
Instead  he would like to be free and not controlled.
The Han s Dynasty princess  Meng Li Hua also wanted to be free instead being trapped.
The Roman fleet sailed off to the mysterious peninsula dividing the two great kingdoms.
The Roman fleet were struck.
Caused the Romans to lose much.
They instead went.
They are greeted and were later introduced to Merong Mahawangsa  said to be the descendant of Alexander the great himself.
Merong is preparing a duel  a Goan Nobleman after Merong had a secret relationship with the nobleman s sister  Yasodhara.
Merong defeats.
Sunder and Marcus is impressed.
Merong agreed to escort Marcus to the peninsula and promises to return to Goa with a brand new fleet -LRB- carrying the payment for the passage of the prince to the Golden Khersonees in gold.
Lycius  the Roman fleet admiral returns.
Merong is also promised a ship large enough to explore the known world.
Merong escorted Marcus and is greeted by the Chinese Admiral Liu Yun.
Merong tells.
And Liu Yun that this peninsula was where he grew up.
It is owned.
The night  Ying Ying agreed to run away and begin a new life in the peninsula.
But Marcus followed Meng  resulting.
The royal couple then grew closer.
They discovered how they both had a common wish.
The Chinese and the Romans are attacked by the pirate nation  Garuda.
The Garuda leader  Taji uses black magic and sorcery.
Meng and Ying Ying is kidnapped.
Marcus tried to stop Kamawas but is stabbed and falls.
Heavily outnumbered  The Chinese and the Romans were heavily outnumbered and defeated.
Merong  enraged  kills most of the Garuda fighters but is heavily injured and passed out.
Merong woke up.
He is getting treated.
Kesum and Embok  one treat Merong.
He is well enough to fight again.
Merong learns.
Kesum and Taji were students.
Taji wanted the great magician s amulet.
Taji killed the great magician and led a small band of fighters to terrorize the villages.
Taji also killed Merong s mother  Lang.
Embok was once raped during a raid.
Merong swore revenge.
Kesum told Merong.
A great warrior will come and unite all the tribe and defeat the enemy.
Kesum believes.
Merong is the one.
Merong became Kesum s student and began uniting the tribes.
Ying are held captives for ransoms by Taji and Kamawas.
Meng and Ying Ying manages to steal Kamawas a piece.
They became one kingdom known and began a new civilization.
Merong manages to unite all the tribes.
Merong is then suddenly met.
Liu Yun told Merong.
They have to save the princess before she gets killed.
Merong is then given a ship full by Liu Yun.
Embok confessed her love.
Merong prepares his fighters to invade the island.
Merong launches an attack in the morning.
The Garuda prepared their ships and outnumbered Merong s fighters at least five.
Merong revealed.
He used the ship to create a similar weapon to Archimedes Heat Ray and used it to set all the Geruda ships and boats on fire.
Taji then used sorcery to make storms and cover the sun  rendering the weapon useless.
Merong and his fighters launch an attack and land on the beaches.
Merong s fighters manage to take control.
The beach came in to destroy the fighters.
Merong s fighters fight.
Marcus confronts Kamawas.
Kamawas defeated Marcus easily.
Liu Yen came in to stop Kamawas but is killed.
Kamawas could finish Marcus off.
Most were killed.
However   A large fleet of the Romans and the Chinese  led by Admiral Lycius arrived on the scene and attacks Garuda  changing the tide of the battle.
Merong arrives to save Marcus and confronts Kamawas.
Kamawas is finally defeated.
Merong tries to kill Taji but is stabbed.
Merong made a sacrifice.
Right  The Romans and the Chinese attack and finish off the last  ending the battle.
Merong dies.
It is revealed.
The mysterious narrator is Sultan Mudzafar Shah  the first Sultan writing about the history of Merong Mahawangsa in the Kedah Annals.
Sultan Mudzafar Shah tells.
Langkasuka was known.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Paul  a young boy  wants to get even.
Professor Coldheart tricks him.
The Care Bears must do all.
They can to stop Coldheart s plan.
Two Care Bears are kidnapped.
The Care Bears have to rescue them.
<EOS>
He projects his bad mood.
When a schoolteacher is sacked.
The son   buys a CD player from a pawnshop with counterfeit money.
This starts a chain reaction.
Every victim projects his problems.
The film plot is based.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Naturally his mother fearing  sends him off.
His rowdy father may spoil his career.
Rest is about this guy s life with his friend Babloo and girlfriend Taniya.
Not alone the sad moments  but he has to undergo whole lots by his senior students.
One senior guy stands for vote and loose and kills babloo and takes revenge upon these guys.
Who is.
<EOS>
Connor MacLeod returns to his former home in Glenfinnan  Scotland  to save his mother from his former friend and village priest Jacob Kell.
Kell executes Connor s mother.
Connor kills both Kell and his adopted father  Father Rainey  and sets Glenfinnan ablaze.
Jacob Kell is reborn  and vows vengeance against Connor for Rainey s death.
He spends the next four centuries killing people.
Connor cares about.
Kell amasses great power  he recruits several lesser Immortals as disciples.
Who overpower other Immortals so Kell can take their heads.
Kell has.
Immortal kills.
Kell orchestrates the death of Connor s adopted daughter Rachel Ellenstein.
Heartbroken  Connor departs.
Where Immortals are by a subgroup of Watchers to prevent The Prize from being won.
A decade later  Kell and his disciples attack the Sanctuary.
Connor is believed to be beheaded along there.
Duncan MacLeod  compelled  begins to investigate.
He has.
Meanwhile  Mathew Hale  the watcher supervising the sanctuary  looks on  and decides.
They will now turn to refill their test-subjects  numbers.
Duncan goes to see Methos.
Who tells him.
Duncan can not believe.
Connor would even go.
He later leaves London.
Where he goes.
Which was destroyed.
Killed Rachel.
Sensing an Immortal  he turns to see Kate  his wife before.
Then Kell s posse arrives  and fights Duncan.
The fighting stops.
When Kell arrives.
Carlos shoots Duncan.
Who falls  killing him.
Kell is furious  and beheads him   a van drives up to.
The Quickening begins.
Where Duncan fell  and takes him away.
Later on  Duncan wakes up  only to realize.
He has been taken.
He is later saved.
He discovers.
Connor was spared  so as to allow the evil Immortal to make his life even more miserable.
Kell wants to kill Duncan to torture Connor.
He has received  this seems quite likely to occur.
Additionally  Connor is too guilt-ridden to stand up to Kell by himself.
Duncan later confronts Kate  and asks her.
She is.
She tells him.
Much she hates the fact that she will never have children or grow old and die  and believes that Kell understands her pain.
Duncan must earn her forgiveness  or face her.
Later  Kate arrives after having a chat with Kell.
The two make love.
It is not the case.
It would appear that she has forgiven him.
She tells Duncan  but Duncan tells her.
She will never forgive him.
It is never  and that he will wait.
If it takes years or centuries.
Ultimately  Kell executes his group to gain their powers.
Connor convinces Duncan.
He must be beheaded to have enough power to rival Kell.
Duncan follows Connor s advice  and beheads his beloved clansman.
Duncan and Kell engage in a final battle.
Kell easily overpowers Duncan.
When MacLeod attempts a supposedly-unbeatable sword move that Connor taught him.
Connor seems to take control of Duncan s body  and kills Kell by jumping over him and decapitating him.
He turns around.
Duncan absorbs all.
He then goes to bury Connor next to Connor s first wife Heather.
The Producers  Cut ends.
Kate/Faith is still alive.
Calling herself Kate again  she says.
They can began their relationship anew.
<EOS>
Kenny Starfighter is probably the most hopeless student.
The Hero academics has ever had.
His parents  Graduate or become a hairdresser.
Benny and Jenny are tired.
He meets Pontus  a limping and bullied 15-year old eyesight.
Pontus has accidentally found a mysterious and luminary power crystal.
Has given him superpower and the chance to be noticed.
Rutger Oversmart  the most intelligent man  finds out.
Pontus tries to help Kenny escape.
The power has been absorbed by Pontus.
All he just needs to squeeze the power out.
Then he will become the most powerful man.
He sends one  to go get him.
When he finds out that a hero is protecting Pontus.
<EOS>
Buster plays a down young man.
Who decides to commit suicide.
He joins an expedition to capture an armadillo.
Several inept attempts to end his life - and bolstered.
Buster finds himself becoming more confident as the film proceeds.
The confidence becomes his undoing.
He misses the pool from a high board and hits the ground on the far side with such force that he disappears into a hole.
Some years later  an Asian-garbed Buster climbs out.
<EOS>
Three millionaires gather nine people and give them a proposition   they will get one million dollars in cash.
They can conquer their biggest fears.
<EOS>
TV reporter Adolph Caesar is.
Will apparently determine the successor.
He interviews martial arts promotor Aaron Banks.
Who says that Lee was actually killed.
Caesar talks about some of the competitors.
He talks  and shows some interview footage.
He did shortly before his death.
Then  Caeser flashes back to earlier.
When action star Fred Williamson went to get to the tournament.
Another action star  Ron Van Clief is also profiled and interviewed.
Van Clief is then seen saving a woman.
The middle section is devoted to The Bruce Lee Story  a chronicle of Bruce Lee s early years in China.
Where he is depicted.
The film purports.
He was learning karate to live up.
Later  Lee leaves home and lands a career.
An actor  which leads  dressed as Kato from The Green Hornet  saving two female joggers from being raped near the World War II memorial in Battery Park in broad daylight.
We re back.
Caesar announces the conclusion.
Where a number are showcased.
Caesar interviews Fred Williamson.
Who denounces the idea.
The grande finale is devoted.
Which Louis Neglia reigns victorious.
Adolph Caesar concludes the film.
<EOS>
Schoolmaster Albert Muller witnesses his wife Anna taking a little girl Count Mitterhaus.
Where the child is killed.
The villagers  led  invade the castle and attack the Count  driving a wooden stake through his heart.
Mitterhaus curses the villagers  vowing.
Their children will die to give him back his life.
The villagers force Anna to run the gauntlet.
Which she runs back.
Where the briefly-revived Count tells her to find his cousin Emil.
Meanwhile the villagers set the castle.
Fifteen years later  the village is ravaged and blockaded by the authorities.
The citizens fear.
The pestilence may be due.
A travelling circus  led  arrives in the village.
The villagers appreciate the distraction.
One is actually a vampire and Count Mitterhaus s cousin.
Emil and the gypsy woman go.
Where they find the Count s staked body and reiterate the curse.
All who attacked and all their children must die.
The Burgermeister has a vision of a revived Count Mitterhaus  and collapses.
Frightened  one villager and his family try to flee the blocked town but are devoured by the circus panther.
Muller s daughter Dora discovers the dismembered bodies  arousing suspicions about the animals of the circus.
The Burgermeister and another man begin to shoot the circus animals.
When the dead bodies are found.
The Burgermeister dies of heart failure.
His daughter runs off.
Dora and Anton encounter twin vampires.
The cross Dora is wearing saves her.
Later  the vampires enter the school house  Emil   kills the students.
The gypsy tears the cross  enabling the twins to attack her.
Dora  however  escapes.
Where the twin vampires are destroyed.
Meanwhile  Anton s father  Dr Kersch   returns.
Who has escaped the blockade.
He also brings news  all of them toured by the Circus of Night.
The men attack the circus and set fire.
The gypsy woman is killed.
When she attempts to save Dora.
The gypsy s face is transformed  revealing her to be Anna Muller.
She falls down dead.
Anton  Muller and the soldiers attack the crypt.
Muller pierces Emil from the Count s chest before he.
Himself dies.
The Count rises and is destroyed by Anton.
The villagers set the ruins alight  ending the curse.
Anton and Dora exit the tomb.
<EOS>
The film starts from Mother Nature discussing an experiment with Father Time.
Went wrong.
She created a tribe.
Where the men are brutish and ugly.
The women are beautiful.
She then creates a tribe.
The men are strong and handsome.
The two tribes lived unaware of each others existence.
Ape men attack the village of handsome men.
This tribe sends their king s son to seek help.
The son finds the island.
The day before the village men pick their brides.
The women  seeing the handsome prince  begin questioning their life.
Dwell. 
The men grow jealous to kill him.
The women  finding out about this  risk their lives to protect the prince  and in doing so offend the crocodile god of the Wongo people.
The women are rounded up and are sent out into the wilderness.
The reptile god has drawn blood.
The women band together  watching each other s backs  leave.
The ape men arrive and  after they dispatch the invaders to the god.
Had abandoned the island.
The men have just begun their rite of manhood   without weapons  for a month.
Which they go.
The women  coming upon the weaponless men  decide to take advantage of their helplessness and  one by one  claim them in marriage.
The film concludes.
Former Wales rugby union international Rex Richards appears.
<EOS>
Set  Stan and Ollie try their hand at various business ventures.
Their store opens and closes.
They finally open it.
Some German spies trick them.
That they can use it.
Stan and Ollie volunteer but keep messing up.
They are fired.
They soon discover.
The spies are planning to blow up the local magnesium plant and in the end are heroes as they scupper the plan.
<EOS>
Kumaran is a social worker.
Captain Vijay is an army captain.
Who is and has come to stay with his maternal uncle who raised him and his sister after the untimely death of their parents.
Vijay sees Kumaran injured from an accident and crying for help.
He takes Kumaran but could not save his life.
There develops a strong bond.
Pulls him.
Kutti Hassan he starts on a trail to find out the mystery behind the murder and in the midst finding out the missing links of his own life.
It is revealed.
Kumaran was murdered.
Vijay finally takes revenge.
Meanwhile  he falls with Kumaran s daughter.
He gets his sister.
Who was.
The movie depicts the relation.
Though they have nt talked or met each other formally.
It was well received.
This was a commercial success.
<EOS>
What would you do if you met the woman and wanted to make her your wife after you ve married someone else.
Instead  he built his own real estate company.
Where he earned his first million and has never looked back since.
Driven  Ian managed claw his way to the top and make it on his own.
But.
Was a broken man yearning  still scarred from when his mother abandoned them at the impressionable age of.
Who can and will love him unconditionally.
Lightning struck twice.
When he met the two women who would change his life forever - Joanna Villanueva and Karyn Torres.
Joanna was the picture.
Joanna found love again.
Heartbroken herself.
When she rescued Ian in La Union.
Being a doctor  she nurtured Ian and showered him with the love and attention.
He craved.
Ian found the home.
He sorely missed he never thought possible.
But then came Karyn Torres  a vivacious flight attendant.
He met to Macau.
She was the epitome of youthful sensuality and worldliness - with her  every moment was filled with excitement and spontaneity.
Ian spent.
That this was the life he s always wanted.
So now  Ian is left   Ian  Joanna and Karyn must learn the true meaning of unconditional love and forgiveness.
Through as painful maybe.
Plot Summary.
<EOS>
In the devastated city of Dresden  Karl ` Kalle  Blucher - a former worker in the cigarettes factory - returns home  wishing to resume his job.
The chief explains.
The plant can not produce cigarettes.
He assigns Kalle.
The worker travels and manages to secure nine barrels.
His return turns into a long chain of comical incidents  at first  a war widow named.
Karla allows him to travel.
Afterwards  he encounters greedy American soldiers  Red Army troops.
Who confiscate some.
Eventually   he brings two barrels back and marries Karla.
<EOS>
Sahasra is a chorus singer struggling to make a career.
One night she attends a wild party.
The next day  life seems as usual.
Only she is oblivious  The next day is actually the day after.
And she is completely unaware.
What happened.
She realizes.
Something is amiss only when  a few days later  she is chased.
The rest is about finding the missing links and putting together the jigsaw puzzle.
<EOS>
Space Chimps 2 follows Comet  the techno chimp.
Who longs to be taken.
Comet journeys.
Where he bonds.
However  it s time to prove himself.
When the feared alien ruler Zartog takes.
Comet must show  and join fellow chimps Ham  Luna and Titan  to save the day.
He has the right skills.
<EOS>
Richard Symons s documentary recounts the origins and rise  the car requested by Carroll Shelby.
The film details the history s racing career  from humble beginnings to the 1959 victory at the Le Mans 24 hours  with Roy Salvadori  at the wheel of an Aston Martin.
The story goes on.
To explain Shelby s motivation to take  with the help of Ford  and AC of England  and why Carroll Shelby had to retire from racing.
Carroll Shelby was closely involved  I spent a whole lot of time with Richard on this.
He s really nailed it.
Got all the right people  to Lee Iacocca.
It s a wonderful story.
I ve never seen anybody tell it better.
I m very proud to have been part.
<EOS>
Los Angeles housewife and mother Mabel loves her construction worker husband Nick and desperately wants to please him.
The strange mannerisms and increasingly odd behavior has him concerned.
She displays while.
Convinced she has become a threat  he reluctantly commits her to an institution.
Where she undergoes treatment.
Left alone  Nick proves to be neither wiser nor better.
His wife expects him to play.
<EOS>
The story begins  Australia  where Napoleon or referred to by others as Muffin  is speculated to be living with a family and his mother.
Napoleon wishes to be.
He can hear howling.
The family Napoleon lives.
Is currently having a birthday party.
One shows to be a basket with balloons strapped to it.
Napoleon hops inside but the basket  unties from its tether  and begins to float away.
His mother pleads him not to jump out.
Napoleon flies out high and begins heading out to sea.
Terrified  Napoleon panics but suddenly a galah named Birdo  drops down on the side of his basket and offers to help him get down.
Birdo s idea turns bad  sending Napoleon s basket tumbling down to a beach head.
When he decides to pop the balloons suspending the basket.
Napoleon is however unharmed.
Napoleon begins reflecting.
He can finally seek out the wild dogs.
Birdo suggests.
Napoleon simply return home before he falls.
Napoleon ignores him and heads.
Napoleon starts to become nervous alone.
Night falls.
A mopoke warns Napoleon of terrible things happening to pets in the wild  referring to a cat.
Had fallen victim.
Napoleon ignores him as well and continues.
He discovers a large tree.
Appears to have been used.
Napoleon also stumbles  increasing his suspicions.
Someone is already living there.
A psychopathic cat  the cat mentioned  spots Napoleon and believes him to be a mouse out of pure insanity and gives chase to him.
Napoleon narrowly escapes.
The mopoke pushed the cat.
The mopoke then warns Napoleon.
The cat wo nt rest until he is dead.
The cat pulls itself.
Napoleon runs off.
Morning comes.
Napoleon awakes but meets a challenge in his road  a river.
To make matters worse  a group mock him by mimicking everything.
He says.
Napoleon crosses anyway feeling rather proud.
He then meets a rude and sarcastic Koala.
Provides no help at all.
Napolean reveals his nickname ` Muffin.
It is overheard.
Who all begin to sing and make fun.
Embarrassed and ridiculed  Napoleon walks out.
The log drifts out.
Birdo tells Napoleon to swim  he refuses but is pushed into the water  forcing him to swim.
Birdo decides to help teach Napoleon to live.
Napoleon is taught.
To hunt.
He is unable to catch one and results.
Birdo s next lesson is.
To tell a friendly animal apart.
The lesson again proves useless.
Birdo s next lesson involves snowy weather conditions.
Birdo explains.
The ground shakes.
Its blinding snow and freezing fog.
Napoleon is nearly killed.
When a herd stampede towards him.
He is revealed to be alright but upset.
So he leaves going off again.
Napoleon smells sugar and believes it to be candy.
He finds a tall sugar cane and proceeds inside.
Quickly the sugar cane burns due  he manages to escape.
The cat returns attempting to attack Birdo  but fails.
The two are talking.
Birdo reunites.
The cat has found them too.
Napoleon notices and saves them.
Napolean hears the howls again.
Birdo again suggests.
Napoleon go home.
The two sadly part ways wants to seek the wild dogs.
Birdo wants to rejoin his flock.
Napoleon sees a perentie and hears loud barkings coming.
Resting. 
He reveals.
When he speaks.
He makes many different noises leading Napoleon to believe the barking he s been hearing were just the lizard.
Napoleon is heartbroken and saddened.
Napolean finds himself.
The area begins to flood.
He runs and discovers two dingo puppies inside a damp cave.
He assumes.
They are lost.
The water floods in and sweeps away Nancy  one.
Napoleon dives and helps her out in a rescue.
The pups mother returns and Napoleon realizes.
He has found the wild dogs.
He faints.
He asks to live.
When he awakes.
She agrees.
The mother asks a variety.
Out together.
Napolean wanted to be.
He explains his disappointments  but confesses.
He always wanted to feel brave.
The mother comforts him.
It was his courage that led him out here.
Represents the true spirit.
Wanting to go home  Napoleon has a rather bumpy return.
Who ridiculed him before.
Who resembles his past self  wanting to be a wild and brave creature.
Night falls.
Napoleon readies to sail back but his plan is interrupted by the cat s final return.
A battle ensues.
Napoleon tries multiple times to stop the cat but the cat comes back again and again.
The cat becomes distracted.
She can kill Napoleon.
Who shouts with taunts.
Napoleon takes advantage and knocks the cat into the basket.
She disappears.
She s carried away.
Napoleon looks up to see an image of a wild dog howling  symbolizing Napoleon s understanding his bravery of being a wild dog inside.
Napoleon  still needing a ride back is delivered.
When Birdo reappears.
He returns home to open paws.
Who consents and no longer Muffin.
The cat reappears one last time climbing over a wall  saying Not a mouse  but dog  dog must die.
<EOS>
The story depicts the rivalry.
They shepherd a busload to an interfaith youth rally being held in Santa Barbara  California.
They must also contend.
They debate expressions of the Church in the tumultuous America of the sixties.
<EOS>
Dr Sidney Schaefer  a psychiatrist  is chosen.
S.
Government to act  through Don Masters  a Central Enquiries Agency assassin.
Who vetted Dr Schaefer.
The decision to choose Schaefer is.
Dr Schaefer is given a home and assigned a comfortable office connected to the White House by a tunnel.
He is to be on call at all hours to fit the President s hectic schedule.
However  the President s Analyst has one problem  There is no one.
Whom he can talk.
Schaefer begins to feel  he even suspects his sweet girlfriend Nan.
He steadily becomes overwhelmed.
He is being watched everywhere -- which is actually true -- until he becomes clinically paranoid.
Schaefer goes.
Who defend him.
He escapes  led by the Old Wrangler.
Spies attempt to kidnap him for the secret information the President has confided to him.
Meanwhile  agents seek him out on orders to liquidate him as a national security risk.
Eventually  he is found and kidnapped.
Schaefer is rescued by Kropotkin  a KGB agent.
Who intends to spirit him away.
Kropotkin has second thoughts  following a psychoanalysis session with the doctor.
Which Kropotkin begins to come.
Now feeling  he instead returns him.
He needs the good doctor s help to continue his.
S.
Soil. 
Kropotkin arranges a pickup.
Schaeffer is kidnapped again -- this time.
Has been observing him.
Taken in New Jersey  he is introduced to the head of TPC.
Who wants Dr Schaefer s help.
TPC has developed a modern electronic miracle  the Cerebrum Communicator  a microelectronic device.
Can communicate wirelessly.
The user need only think.
Implanted. 
They wish to reach  and are instantly connected  thus eliminating the need.
Every human being will be assigned a number instead of a name.
The CC prenatally implanted.
Dr Schaefer is requested to assist TPC.
Masters and Kropotkin use their superspy abilities to come.
They hand Schaefer an M16 rifle.
Schaefer gleefully uses.
The three emerge victorious.
Months later   animatronic executives look on approvingly.
Dr Schaefer and his spy friends are enjoying a Christmas reunion.
Joy plays in the background.
<EOS>
The film is set in North Brabant.
Lives a group of friends  Gerrie  Richard  Rikkert  Robbie and Barrie.
All five lose their jobs.
The group perceives themselves.
Their misfortune is the result of their idleness  lack of common sense  and poor punctuality.
Gerrie   turns up to work late and drives a fork-lift truck into a plasma screen television.
Similarly  Richard brings his old bulldog to work.
Who gnaws at and breaks the shovels of Richard s supervisor.
Gerrie is kicked out.
She catches him trying to steal.
Rikkert breaks up with his girlfriend and Barrie s house catches fire.
Subsequently  all three take refuge.
Unable to make ends meet  the group decides.
They simply will no longer pay and go on a spree of petty robbery.
Their actions draw the attention.
Who makes a report.
They are presented and are described as victims with no focus being placed upon the severity of their illegal actions.
The report sparks a series across The Netherlands.
The boys in maaskantje make a mess of it  they had a fight with the lawyar  and after that  with a policeman.
Who gets smashed.
Gerrie decides to go to an old friend of his  witch is now a boxor  to rent some money.
He goes to the casino.
He puts again.
When he won the great jackpot.
Rickert loses his Opel Manta.
The Ministry of Defence decides to wipe Maaskantje off the map in an attempt to stop the riots  however  this plan goes wrong.
When the neighboring town is accidentally bombed.
The boys know.
When they see it.
The case is critical.
They meet a farmer.
Who has kept some wapons from WWII.
He says they.
All can get one  but than he gets shot by accident  by gerry  than richert laughs and says  more wapons per man.
But  Maaskantje is surrounded by troops of the dutch goverment.
The tagline is ` Niemand komt aan Maaskantje.
<EOS>
Englishman Ronald Quayle was accused and  based on testimony offered by his stepmother Caroline  was found guilty and imprisoned.
Managing to escape  he fled and found work in an oil field.
Where an explosion scarred his face.
He returns home under the alias Robert Crockett  determined to prove Caroline and her lover.
Jack Utterson really killed his father.
Having squandered her inheritance  Caroline has put the Quayle home.
Pretending to be a potential buyer  Ronald introduces himself.
Meanwhile  Scotland Yard Inspector Tracy has assigned Ronald s former fiancee Peggy Lowel to inventory the contents in the hope.
She will find evidence to clear Ronald s name.
Ronald initiates a romance and  announcing his plan to elope to New York City with her  presents her with a magnificent necklace.
Ronald plants the necklace on Caroline s cohort Sam Lewis.
Who is killed.
He conceals the body.
He reports his discovery.
Ronald finds it.
Ronald and Jack fight near a statue of a feathered serpent.
Falls. 
He confesses.
He lies dying.
Ronald is exonerated.
He and Peggy make plans to marry and settle.
<EOS>
The story begins 65 million years ago  sometime.
A Tyrannosaurus rex is stalking a creature.
Has been raiding its territory and food sources.
The creature is revealed to be a juvenile prehistoric dragon.
The T.
Rex had not eaten and prepares to attack the young dragon  in an attempt to defend itself  the dragon extends its wings to give the illusion.
It is much larger than it really is  but the T.
Rex is not convinced and continues to advance.
The young dragon then tries another tactic  it utters a piercing scream.
Carries. 
The screech disorientates the T.
Rex  hurting its sensitive ears  the attack only goads the dinosaur on.
Suddenly  the dragon s mother swoops down.
Rex  slashing the dinosaur s skull.
Both animals cause serious injuries to the other  the T.
Rex breaks the female dragon s wing.
The dragon breathes a jet of fire at the Tyrannosaur s face.
The Tyrannosaurus limps away.
The female dragon is left unable for herself or her offspring.
At the London Museum of Natural History and Science  England.
Dr Jack Tanner  a young palaeontologist  is introduced.
Who has been fascinated.
Rex  Dr Tanner shares his theory.
Caused the damage with other palaeontologists.
He tells them.
The damage was caused to science.
However  he says  a blast was the cause of death.
It was not the talons that killed it.
Evidenced discovered down both sides of the skull.
Unfortunately  his colleagues are nt convinced.
Tanner s academic reputation is left.
Dr Tanner studies photographs taken of a new discovery at Romania.
Several human corpses  dating  were found in a cave in the Carpathian Mountains.
Some straying skiers were being rescued.
Along  a carcass of an unidentified animal was discovered.
The Romanian authorities ask the museum to investigate the find.
Most want nothing to do with the specimen.
Tanner asks.
He can go.
The museum agrees.
Tanner prepares to travel  under one condition -  they leave immediately   the body is shipped back to London.
It is a hoax.
It s.
Tanner  along  arrive to discover  Tanner wonders.
The remains have been moved off the mountain.
What evidence may have been lost.
The three scientists enter the shed and begin analyzing the specimen.
Where the carcass is being housed.
Tanner notes.
The creature has a scaly hide and a tail  suggesting a reptile  but also has wings and foot talons  characteristics.
He wonders.
When he finds the wings.
The creature could really fly  as its wingspan is too small to allow flight.
Tanner finds.
The bones have a honeycomb structure  which would allow for flight  being hollow but strong.
Internal scans show a huge heart  needed to pump oxygen-rich blood to the chest muscles during hard work  and two bladder-like structures.
Tanner suggests  the gas contained inside is hydrogen.
They could be gas bladders.
Is lighter and would give the creature extra lift.
He tells his associates.
The creature has everything needed but that they do nt add up.
Back.
Rex  the mother dragon is dead  having succumbed  the starving juvenile must now teach itself.
To fly.
Evading the scavengers seeking to feed  at present  only pterosaurs  but more dangerous creatures will come.
The juvenile begins to eat the only food source available  its mother s carcass.
An aged male dragon arrives to feast.
Eating. 
The juvenile  sensing danger  flees.
The older dragon  seeking fresh meat  gives chase.
The juvenile flees.
Where the adult male can not fly.
Body working overtime  the juvenile begins to make hydrogen  essential   nature kicks in.
The adult is gaining.
The juvenile regurgitates the contents and takes to the air  narrowly escaping the adult male.
Tanner inspects inside the mouth of the creature and declares it a carnivore.
Also notices molars and wonders.
He also notes a fleshy palate and wonders.
It could have been used to prevent backdraft.
Noting  he reconsiders.
The mouth shows no evidence.
He theorizes  explaining.
Dragons breathing fire is biologically possible.
The bombardier beetle can emit liquid.
The prehistoric dragon  now a young adult  is preparing to fight an alpha male.
It eats rock rich.
It goes to fight the other adult male.
Is found.
The young adult ventures of an old alpha male.
The two fight and the young male succeeds.
Tanner says  they need fuel  oxygen and a source.
To create fire.
He then realizes.
He had already found fuel than air.
He then takes samples.
They are rich.
Tanner is now convinced.
His theories have been correct.
The creature is a dragon.
Tanner begins to wonder.
Dragons survived the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction event  when other large land-dwelling creatures did nt.
The narrator then explains.
The size of Mount Everest smashed into the Earth  wiping out nearly all life on the planet.
Sharks  coelacanths  turtles  and crocodiles.
All had one thing  they were all marine species.
Tanner then remembers.
Crocodiles also have a false palate  and deduces that it is an evolutionary relic passed down from a marine ancestor.
The narrator continues to inform us  but explains.
The land-dwelling prehistoric dragon was wiped out.
The prehistoric dragon was not the only dragon species alive.
There was also a marine dragon  a cousin  both descended from a common ancestor.
It is explained.
The marine dragon lived.
Its the flight bladders became swim bladders allowing extra buoyancy  the wings became vestigial and served.
The large tail became a rudder.
Some dragons returned and eventually made the transition back to land.
The land recovered.
Tanner suggests.
The legends were actually recollections of true encounters with marine dragons.
One discovers.
A fossil had been found in bamboo forest  in China.
Tanner theorizes.
The marine dragon came back and evolved into a new species in the bamboo forests of Asia.
The dragons are low-slung  elongated  and slender  all characteristics of a body recently adapted from water.
Tanner wonders.
This would have been suitable.
We are taken back 50000 years.
Here we are shown the newly evolved forest dragon  adapted.
We follow the dragon.
It stalks its prey  and discover that the dragon has evolved a unique adaptation  mimicry.
The dragon is able to mimic animals in distress.
The vestigial wings are too small to allow flight  the dragon only able to glide small distances.
The buoyancy let it tread less heavily and thus quieter.
When stalking prey.
The dragons also use their natural fire-breathing abilities to cook their captured prey.
The fur is not easily digested.
The dragon succeeds.
Another species watches the dragon s use of fire with inquisitive eyes  a species.
Will turn the dragon s own weapon  humans.
Tanner  after theorizing about the marine and forest dragons  begins to wonder.
What other dragon species may have evolved.
Tanner s associate shows him something strange.
He thinks.
They may be ribs.
The ribs are intact.
The three scientists lift the wings.
It has four legs and two wings.
Tanner is amazed saying  No vertebrate had six limbs.
Ever lived.
They check the DNA  knowing.
If it is not a hoax then the limbs will show up.
The DNA test shows.
The dragon has a genetic adaptation.
Tanner tells us  all depictions show them to have six limbs.
World mythology was correct all the time.
He cites the different depictions.
He dubs their carcass the mountain dragon  and wonders.
This is the dragon.
They perform one final check to see.
The three scientists prepare the dragon carcass to be packed up and shipped.
They missed anything.
They find the tip  Tanner goes to and find the sword.
Where the Romanian scientists are studying the human corpses.
The tip came.
The narrator tells us the dragons survived.
Who used the dragon s fire.
These encounters are recorded in folklore throughout the world.
Tanner discovers.
The human bodies show evidence  showing that the bodies were burnt.
Their dragon specimen never breathed fire.
He sees.
The Romanian authorities come.
The ovaries show no follicular activity  and concludes that their dragon was a baby.
The three scientists travel  hoping to find a nest.
We are taken back  to the Carpathian Mountains in the Middle Ages.
Dragons have been driven to live by encroaching human.
A female mountain dragon is searching  she marks her territory with her scent.
The female is.
The scientists arrive and find rocks.
Have been scorched.
They scan.
A male dragon arrives  having traveled to Romania from his territory in the Atlas Mountains.
The female goes.
Instinct then takes over.
The two begin their courtship ritual.
Where they fly then freefall together  only pulling apart at the last instant.
Tanner finds a nest  containing egg shell fragments and one intact egg.
Back we see the female dragon  using her fire to incubate the eggs inside the nest.
The male returns  with no food.
Instead  he brings another rock.
The female  now being very protective  allows the male to enter the cave and take care of the nest.
The male enters the nest and places the rock.
The female takes her turn.
The female returns and finds the male not attending to the eggs.
She quickly senses.
Something is nt right.
She finds out  one infant dragon has already died.
The temperature is dangerously low and attempts to raise it again.
The other can still be saved.
The male senses trouble and makes his escape.
The adult female has been stealing livestock.
Order to feed her young daughter.
A pair arrive to kill the dragon.
The adult female begins to teach her daughter the secret.
They find.
The young female can not defend herself because she can not breathe fire yet  and kill her.
The adult female returns and finds her daughter dead.
Both are soon killed by the enraged female  with one nearly managing to escape.
The adult female comes back into heat and begins trying to attract another mate.
The female hibernates.
Winter comes.
More warriors come and catch her with her gas bladder nearly empty due to hibernation and attack her.
She fights.
Bravely  cutting down the mercenaries until only one man is left  badly wounded.
He holds a spear upright.
She rears.
Her toppling corpse crushes the last mercenary.
She fatally impales herself.
Tanner discovers a chamber.
He enters it and finds the adult female.
Back  Tanner shows the specimens to his colleagues  the legends of dragons were real  but had been twisted.
The narrator tells us  The story picks up one year later.
Tanner  now Professor Tanner  is given a file.
Tanner opens the file to find photographs.
He looks.
His colleague tells him that they were taken only two months ago.
Tanner runs off ecstatic  flapping his arms  preparing to track down the dragon.
Was presumably.
<EOS>
The focus has been on a different generation  the elderly in For Fun  the middle-aged in On the Beat and now the youth in I Love Beijing.
The film follows the twenty-something taxi driver Desi and opens.
Finding himself alone  Desi becomes something  and is soon dating a waitress  then a librarian  then a radio talk show host.
Each woman  however  lacks something.
He desires.
It becomes clear  and wonders he lives in.
Desi is really a romantic.
When he will find the love in the rapidly changing city.
<EOS>
Iris  a woman  is visited at her New York City apartment by her estranged husband.
He requests.
She star in an upcoming show  New Jersey  for which he is obliged to supply performers.
She resists the idea.
She maintains her privacy.
However  her husband is desperately.
She nonetheless is friendly and feels sorry for his predicament  so she agrees to consider it.
She has no romantic feelings  expressing puzzlement as to why she ever married him.
Iris meets Vito Perugino  the 17-year old son of the superintendent of the apartment building and experiences an instant and powerful physical attraction to him.
She is shamelessly flirtatious  in their second  she completes her sexual seduction of him  marking the start of a passionate affair between the two.
Iris unexpectedly finds herself experiencing an emotional attraction.
A relationship turns serious.
She had originally intended to be brief.
Vito asks Iris to go steady.
She nonetheless happily accepts.
She laughs a bit the teenager s use to describe a committed relationship.
Iris makes an attempt to pull away.
Vito s immaturity brings turbulence.
The attempt only serves to make her miserable.
She finds herself obsessed and wanting nothing.
To return and resume a sexual and emotional satisfaction she s never experienced with any other man.
She returns.
They begin to patch up their relationship  declaring their love  but Vito is still unaware of her occupation  believing her to be a model or actress.
One sees her and informs Vito.
When Iris performs.
Vito initially refuses to believe it.
He attends the next night s show and sees.
Vito lacks the ability to cope with the destruction of his idealistic view of Iris  and an explosive  and even momentarily violent  argument ensues between the two.
Iris reaches out to Vito  hoping to make up with him by inviting him to her apartment for dinner.
But  she quickly realizes.
His interest has waned.
Those feelings were just as prone to be fleeting as with any typical 17-year old inexperienced in romantic relationships.
He had been sincere for her.
The discovery and subsequent argument have been enough so.
He is no longer angry.
Even as his temper cooled  so did his passion.
Continuing to be sincere  Vito acknowledges.
What Iris has sensed.
He is truly sorry.
It is causing her and tries his best to console her  telling her that he wishes the fight that changed his feelings had not happened.
But  there is nothing else.
He can do.
Lest Vito have any doubt  the devastated Iris assures him.
Her love for him was  and still is  genuine.
Vito leaves  on his way to a date with the new object of his romantic attention -- a girl his own age.
Iris is left alone sobbing.
<EOS>
It tells the story.
Who has an affair.
She is sentenced  but saved by him.
<EOS>
Men dressed.
German soldiers attack the Bank and steal Leonardo da Vinci s layouts of Venice s foundations.
Shortly  led by their leader the Fantom  the men dressed  causing tension between England and Germany  with both attacks marked by highly advanced weaponry such as tanks and machine guns.
British officers kidnap German scientists and destroy a factory.
Could lead.
Sanderson Reed  visiting a gentlemen s club to recruit world-renowned hunter and adventurer Allan Quartermain.
Quartermain has no interest and mourns the loss of his son after his last adventure.
Assassins arrive to kill Quartermain.
He defeats them   forcing Quartermain to agree to work.
For a bomb to destroy the club.
Quartermain meets M  Reed s employer.
Who explains the Fantom plans to destroy Venice to prevent a meeting  his ultimate goal being to start a world war and arms race to profit from sale of his weapons.
To combat the Fantom  a team is being formed - consisting of Quartermain himself  Captain Nemo  chemist Mina Harker  and invisible thief Rodney Skinner.
M sends the group to recruit their fifth member  immortal Dorian Gray.
Who remains youthful while a currently missing portrait ages.
Dorian once was infatuated  but refuses to join the team.
The Fantom and his assassins attack  but thanks.
S.
Secret Service Agent Tom Sawyer   the assassins are defeated.
Who snuck in.
The Fantom escapes.
Mina is revealed to be a vampire.
When a surviving assassin tries to take her hostage.
Dorian and Sawyer join the team and set off to recruit their final member  Mr Hyde.
Quartermain negotiates with him into joining the team by offering amnesty for his past crimes.
Hyde agrees  turning.
Quartermain bonds with Sawyer and teaches him to be a better marksman.
It eventually becomes clear.
One goes missing.
Skinner is quickly accused.
He disappears.
Arriving  the league are shocked.
Nemo concludes.
They can stop the chain reaction.
Quartermain  Sawyer  Mina and Dorian take Nemo s automobile to outrun the chain reaction leaping out to fight the Fantom s men.
Quartermain spots the Fantom and confronts him  revealing him to be none other.
Sawyer manages to signal.
Venice is saved.
Dorian returns and kills Nemo s first mate Ishmael  revealing.
He is the traitor.
The league learns.
Who escape.
A phonograph record made is found  M explaining his true goal was to gather physical elements of the team to make superhuman formulas to sell to the highest paying countries.
Dorian revealing bombs are hidden.
The bombs detonate  damaging the ship.
Hyde drains the flooding water.
Skinner   messages the group to follow his lead.
Who stowed away.
The Nautilus travels.
Where the league reunites.
Skinner reveals.
M runs a factory where the kidnapped scientists are forced to make the superhuman formulas.
Weaponized versions are being constructed.
Mina confronts Dorian and kills him.
Quartermain fights Moriarty has been taken captive.
Who points.
Quartermain shoots Reed  but is then stabbed.
Who escapes out.
Sawyer manages to use Quartermain s teachings to shoot Moriarty dead.
Quartermain dies but tells Sawyer to enjoy the new century.
Quartermain is buried beside his son.
The other league members recall.
He said that a witch doctor would never let him die as long as he was.
The witch doctor appears and uses a ritual to summon a bolt of lightning.
Strikes Quartermain s grave  implying the hunter is to be resurrected as promised.
<EOS>
The movie revolves.
Whose father is serving a long prison sentence.
The boy uses her.
She likes only.
Other teenage girls tease her relentlessly.
Rena and her family travel for the annual family picnic.
Things seem to be going just fine.
He eventually becomes abusive and angry.
Rena s brother Jay   wanders off to tour the prison.
Who is secretly gay.
Rena s half-sister Barbie sneaks off and engages in sexual intercourse with her stepfather  unbeknownst to the family.
The other inmates watch.
This activity is witnessed.
Buddy makes her squeal for not reporting it to her mother.
Jay and Buddy bond  and passionately.
When the tour is secretly kiss.
Rena tells her dad.
She s pregnant  news which the father does not handle well.
They get.
When Rena s mother later discovers that her husband is having an affair.
They attack.
When the guards see this.
Him and he stumbles backwards and falls.
Rena rushes  finding  and lost the baby.
She s bled.
She breaks a picture frame and uses the glass shards to slit her wrists.
Jay saves her just.
Rena s mother and the children realize.
The father is abusive and that continuing to support him has been holding the family back.
Rena realizes.
Her fond memories were.
Madge announces.
She is moving the family.
Rena tells her boyfriend.
She causes his prized car to drive.
When he expresses indifference.
The end shows.
The family leaving home  with Rena s now ex-boyfriend running through the yard screaming at her.
<EOS>
Sir Sidney Ruff-Diamond is Queen Victoria s Governor.
The province is defended.
Who are said to not wear anything.
Chief plans to use this information to incite an anti-British rebellion.
When Private Widdle is found wearing underpants.
He aims to dispel the tough image by revealing that contrary to popular belief  they do indeed wear underpants under their kilts.
A diplomatic operation ensues.
Who fail spectacularly to prove that the incident was an aberration.
The Governor s wife   takes a photograph of an inspection  and takes it to him.
Which many are found wearing underpants.
The Khasi would be able to muster a ferocious Afghan invasion force  storm the Khyber Pass and reclaim India from British rule.
Lady Ruff-Diamond insists.
He sleep before she parts with the photograph.
He delays  eventually taking her away with him to Bungdit Din s palace.
Meanwhile  the Khasi s daughter  Princess Jelhi  reveals.
Whom she has fallen  that the Governor s wife has eloped.
A team is dispatched to return her and the photo.
Disguised  the interlopers are unmasked amid a farcical orgy scene  imprisoned  and scheduled to be executed at sunset along with the Governor s wife.
The Khasi s daughter aids their escape.
Lady Ruff-Diamond drops the photograph.
The group returns to find its guards massacred and their weapons comically mutilated  in a rare moment of poignancy.
All attempts to hold off the advancing hordes fail miserably.
A hasty retreat is beaten.
The Governor  meanwhile  has been entertaining.
Himself have supposedly committed.
Sir Sidney calls a crisis meeting regarding the invasion.
Which he resolves to do nothing.
A black tie dinner is arranged.
Dinner takes place.
They dine.
Shells shaking the building and plaster falling should not interrupt dinner  the British are not to be put off.
Finally   the gentlemen walk outside to be greeted by a bloody battle being waged in the courtyard.
Still dressed the Regiment to form a line and lift their kilts  this time exposing their lack of underwear.
The invading army is terrified.
Retreats. 
<EOS>
A powerful terrorist known  has infected Sean Davidson  the American ninja  with a deadly virus as human guinea pigs in his biological warfare experiments.
Sean and his partners Curtis.
To fight The Cobra and his army.
<EOS>
The movie s main narrative begins  Dean Martin has become a big success despite the breakup of his partnership with Jerry Lewis  Sinatra s career is at its peak  Sammy Davis  Jr.
A brief flash-forward as an old man  saying I miss my guys.
Is making a comeback  and standup comic Joey Bishop is gaining exposure as an opening act for the other three.
The Pack becomes complete.
When Sinatra reconciles.
Lawford has married Patricia Kennedy.
Abandoning a notion to seduce Pat  Sinatra becomes more interested in her brother John s political ambitions.
He sincerely believes.
Jack Kennedy would be a great president.
He also feels having a friend could benefit his own public image.
Sinatra arranges to perform at a JFK campaign.
Sinatra also knows Kennedy s infatuation and introduces him to Marilyn Monroe.
Who begins seeing Kennedy.
Kennedy s pompous father  Joseph P.
Kennedy  feels Sinatra s mob ties might hurt Jack s chances.
He insists  hypocritically  he also asks Sinatra to use those same mob ties to swing the West Virginia unions  support Kennedy s way.
Sinatra help the campaign.
Meanwhile  the Rat Pack continues to enjoy success  often combining their stage acts for joint performances.
They even parlay their friendship.
Davis is sometimes secretly hurt.
After his girlfriend  actress May Britt  insinuates that the rest is laughing at him  not with him.
Davis has a more serious brush.
When he and Britt announce their engagement  which results.
Davis.
Which he wields a gun.
But he concedes the possible political repercussions.
He postpones the wedding to avoid hurting Sinatra.
Who had agreed to serve.
President Kennedy seeks to renew his friendship with Sinatra.
The two go sailing and plan to stay at Sinatra s Palm Springs residence during an upcoming West Coast presidential trip.
Thrilled  Sinatra returns home and arranges for a guest compound to be built for Kennedy and his entourage.
However  the FBI finds a potential mafia link through a woman  Judy Campbell.
Who shared phone calls  and possibly affairs  after being introduced by Sinatra to each.
Kennedy s brother  attorney general Bobby Kennedy  insists.
The President cancel his stay and cut off all ties to the entertainer.
This enrages Sinatra  and had been at least partially responsible.
Who had sunk a lot into the renovation.
Sinatra takes out his wrath.
Who was Sinatra s direct link to the White House.
Lawford finds himself repeatedly serving  including JFK s secret dalliances with Monroe.
He is sick.
Lawford dreads delivering the news.
A furious Sinatra physically throws Lawford out and vows never to forgive him.
The movie depicts this incident.
<EOS>
Portly amateur detective Runyan is hired to investigate the unexplained murder of her boss.
Suspicion falls.
Who had been helped.
Runyan finds Boyd  Clark s former lover and briefly his wife.
Who reveals that Clark had done time.
The police tell Runyan.
It was.
Clark had a cellmate Deets  with.
Whom he shared everything.
Deets had claimed Clark s share of the loot from Gordon and had promised to eliminate Clark.
Whose corpse he left.
He killed first the unfortunate dentist and then the nurse as well.
When he realised Clark had been having dental treatment  so his teeth could be identified.
Runyan tracks him down.
He meets his end.
<EOS>
Porky and the Barnyard Dawg are hunting ducks.
Daffy sneaks up and empties the gunpowder from their shells  then walks off with a silly laugh.
The phrase Duck hunters is the cwaziest peoples.
Daffy taunts Porky.
Porky shoots but turns out to have missed him.
Daffy again taunts Porky.
The singing ends with Put down your old bareen and the wine away like water.
Porky shoots again  whereupon Daffy pretends to have been shot  but leaves the scene.
Porky sends his dog to get Daffy.
The dog decides to trick Daffy  crying loudly.
Porky will torture him if he does nt come back.
Daffy agrees to let the dog capture him  plus pretend and carry him back.
He s dead.
Porky throws Daffy and goes upstairs for a nap.
They get back.
Once out  Daffy starts knocking on the freezer door to be let out.
The dog lets Daffy out of the freezer.
Daffy tries to leave the house -- claiming   There s a guy waitin  for me.
Daffy jumps into the dog s mouth.
As Porky comes to see what all the noise is about.
Porky thinks  and subsequently beats him.
The dog is trying to steal the duck.
Porky then throws Daffy back.
The dog now wants to get revenge.
Daffy continues to act silly.
Daffy once again jumps.
When Porky appears  wondering what all the noise is about.
A furious Porky once again thinks.
His dog is stealing Daffy  and pounds him once again.
Porky then places Daffy back.
Finally  the dog has had enough and grabs an axe to finish Daffy off.
Porky  called his dog Benedict Arnold and finally having enough of the dog s shenanigans  comes in and threatens the dog s life.
Daffy is nt.
Porky opens the freezer.
Both are shocked.
When Daffy  dressed  jumps out and starts singing Jingle Bells.
Both Porky and the dog start singing along.
Porky sees that the current month is April.
Porky knocks Daffy down and is ready to use the axe.
He sees a stamp  Do not open till Xmas.
Daffy smiles and says  Christmas -- by then  I ll figure a way out of this mess.
The cartoon irises out.
Closes  completing the iris out.
<EOS>
A French merchant ship stops at the island of Elba.
A letter is given to the ship s captain to deliver to a man in Marseille.
The captain entrusts the task.
He dies.
However  the city magistrate  Raymond de Villefort  Jr.
Is tipped off  Danglars  and has both men arrested after the exchange.
Dantes  friend Fernand Mondego accompanies him.
However  he  Danglars  and de Villefort all stand to gain.
The man turns out to be de Villefort s father.
Who accepted the letter.
De Villefort consigns Dantes to a notorious prison  the Chateau dIf  on the false testimony of Danglars.
De Villefort signs a false statement.
When Napoleon returns  giving Dantes  friends hope for his release.
He was killed trying to escape  which Mondego shows.
Deceived  she gives in and marries Mondego.
Eight years follow for Dantes.
Then one day  the aged Abbe Faria  a fellow prisoner  breaks through a tunnel.
He has been digging.
The two join forces  Faria calculates.
It will take five more years to finish.
He starts educating Dantes.
However   a cave-in fatally injures the old man.
He bequeaths a vast hidden treasure.
He dies.
The body is sewn.
Dantes substitutes himself.
The undertaker is away.
He is cast.
He frees himself and is picked up.
Dantes later follows the abbe s directions and finds the treasure.
He sets in motion his plans for revenge.
To begin  he arranges to have Albert  Mercedes and Mondego s son  kidnapped and held.
Dantes rescues the younger man.
Order to gain entry  using his purchased title of Count of Monte Cristo.
First is Mondego.
To be brought.
Mondego gained renown in an unsuccessful defense of Ali Pasha.
The French ambassador to Albania.
Dantes arranges a ball to honor his enemy  then arranges to have him exposed publicly.
Who betrayed Ali Pasha at the hands of the Turks.
Unaware goes to him for advice.
Dantes reveals his identity.
They engage  Dantes wins  but spares Mondego.
Who returns home and commits suicide.
Next is Danglars  now the most influential banker.
Dantes uses his services to buy and sell shares  sharing tips.
He receives.
Danglars bribes a man to send him copies to Dantes.
When these turn out to be infallibly profitable.
Greed leads him to invest all on the next report.
As Dantes had planned.
Danglers is bankrupted.
When the tip proves to be false.
Dantes reveals his true identity.
Who is left penniless and insane.
However  there are unexpected complications.
Threaten Dantes  carefully conceived plans.
Albert Mondego learns and challenges him to a duel.
Mercedes   begs him not to kill her son.
Who had recognized her former lover.
He agrees.
Fortunately  Albert deliberately changes his aim.
His mother has told him who Monte Cristo really is.
The duel ends.
De Villefort has risen.
Dantes sends him information and activities.
Leads. 
Dantes refuses to testify.
Order to shield de Villefort s daughter Valentine  who is.
However   she urges him to defend himself.
When she learns.
Dantes does so  providing evidence.
Dantes is reunited with Mercedes.
All destroyed.
<EOS>
The film is set.
When the military regime s economic miracle and the victory serves as a distraction for the persecution of opposition leaders by the political police of the dictatorship.
Jofre Godoi da Fonseca  an alienated middle class man  is mistaken for Sarmento  a political activist.
He met prior to his assassination.
He is then arrested and brutally tortured.
Jofre s wife Marta and his brother Miguel join forces to investigate his disappearance.
Mariana  leader  helps them.
They fail to get enough support.
Their efforts proved to be useless.
Jofre is killed.
<EOS>
Butterflies have apparently become a lethal weapon.
Several rivals contend  using a variety of unusual weapons.
<EOS>
The story is centered.
Where the parents decide that they will be married to each other.
When they become adults.
Sujatha s uncle gives her anklets.
She wears as she grows up.
Raghu is caught smuggling money.
They grow older.
Raghu beats up a kid for talking to Sujatha.
They quarrel.
Soon Raghu s family leaves.
Sujatha grows to be an attractive college student.
The villain Raghu becomes a good-for-nothing character.
Sujatha meets Ravi  a poor  handsome  charming  enthusiastic young man.
He asks her to wear her anklets again.
Soon they fall in love.
Meanwhile  Raghu s parents  hoping  decide to carry out his marriage.
He will become a responsible person.
The whole story takes a turn.
When Sujatha s parents learn with Ravi.
Sujatha elopes with Ravi and the action heats up.
They are chased.
Finally  the villain Raghu is defeated.
Ravi marries Sujatha.
<EOS>
Preetham is the only son.
His close friend is Venkatesh.
Preetham passes his P.
U.
C.
His father s astrologers inform his father that  Preetham must find a wife.
To avoid the problem  Preetham and Venkatesh bribe an astrologer to tell Preetham s father.
Thus Preetham is able to escape.
Where he stays.
It is here.
He bumps.
Preetham also begins to receive many calls.
Who dialed his number and became his mobile friend.
Preetham falls.
Slowly Preetham becomes friends  and in order to score brownie points with Sandhya  invents a story of Anjali being dumped by her childhood lover and being in a state of depression.
Sandhya becomes friends to help Anjali out of her so-called misery.
Gradually the three become friends.
Preetham begans to discover a number and slowly finds out that.
Good she is.
Gradually  Pretham falls.
Sandhya begins to like Preetham.
She leaves Sakleshpura.
When Anjali finds out.
Preetham leaves brokenhearted.
Arriving  Preetham first discovers.
Lucky has died and that he will never be able to see her again.
Then he finds out.
Anjali is a cancer patient who is dying.
He meets Anjali and convinces her.
Three minutes is better than a hundred years with an unloved one.
Preetham and Anjali get together.
<EOS>
Belles recounts the story of the Gilbreth family after the death of efficiency expert Frank Gilbreth  husband of Dr Lillian Gilbreth and father to twelve children.
<EOS>
Master Liu and Master Law are rival masters.
Wutang style sword fighting  running schools.
Their top students  Chao Fung-wu  and Hung Jun-kit  are actually close friends.
Two of the local Qing Lord s soldiers report the power of the styles to him.
The Lord determines.
The two styles are dangerous.
He must learn both.
The Qing Lord is able to learn both Wudang 8 Divine Sword style and Shaolin Chin kang fist from a spy.
Fung-wu and Jun-kit both return for training  as a priest and monk  respectively.
Jun-kit hopes to revenge his sister s death.
Fung-wu also wants to avenge his master s death.
The Qing Lord has since learned both the styles.
His grasp is not perfect.
He did not learn either.
To overcome this deficiency  he decides to have the Wudang and Shaolin destroy each other.
He may be the only master.
To do this  he stages a martial arts contest  hoping to appeal to the traditional rivalry between the Shaolin and the Wudang.
Jun-kit  and Fung-wu  are selected as the representatives.
The Qing Lord   admits his true motives  and his role in Yan-ling and Master Law s deaths.
Tat-chi and Ming-kai must then combine Shaolin Chin kang fist and Wutang 8 Divine Sword style to defeat him.
<EOS>
This Hindu mythological movie is based towards Lord Rama.
Who later finds Rama.
The movie begins.
The pride is destroyed by Hanuma and later Garuda in search of his daily food and finds a Nagakanya as his prey.
Nagakanya is guided to go to Hanuma for help.
Where she becomes safe.
Garuda reports this and his wives Rukmini & Sathyabhama.
Krishna sends out a warning to release Nagakanya for garuda s prey.
But Hanuma does nt care.
& continues to protect Nagakanya.
This leads.
Hanuma does nt recognise Rama at first.
Sathyabhama disguised tries to mislead Hanuma but fails.
Stopped. 
How the war gets.
Nagakanya is saved forms the rest.
<EOS>
Steve Everett is an Oakland journalist recovering.
Who is assigned to cover the execution.
Everett discovers  but has only a few hours to prove his theory and save Beechum s life.
Beechum might be innocent.
Eventually Steve learns.
The killer was a young man named Warren  who was himself killed three years previously.
Steve is unable to prove it.
Steve sees a necklace.
Belonged on TV  and remembers Warren s grandmother wearing it when he visited her.
He confronts her again.
She has come.
They rush off to alert the governor.
The execution starts.
They reach the governor to save Frank.
The 2003 American movie called.
The Life followed a similar plot  though the outcomes are different.
<EOS>
Set  Doc is an alcoholic security watchman protecting digging equipment from environmental activists.
He befriends one.
Meanwhile  Dr Jane Tiptree is breeding a strain of extra large and fertile chickens by splicing their DNA with that of crocodiles  iguanas  albatrosses  and ostriches.
Unknown  Triptree is impregnating several of the chickens with dinosaur DNA.
One  a Deinonychus  escapes and kills the activists  as well as other civilians.
Doc investigates and discovers.
Tiptree is also creating a virus which causes women to fatally conceive baby dinosaurs  in order to wipe out humanity and thus allow Carnosaurs and Raptors to reclaim the Earth.
Doc and Thrush battle it with skidsteers near the end of the film.
The government infiltrates the community.
Order to sterilize the situation.
Thrush dies from the virus.
Doc is shot  then their bodies are burned.
<EOS>
Elle Woods wants her Chihuahua  Bruiser  to reunite.
She would like Bruiser s mom to attend Elle and Emmett s wedding.
Elle hires a detective to find Bruiser s mother  only to discover.
The company that has her dog s mother is a Stripper company that uses Bruiser s mother.
She finds out.
Her law firm represents the Cest Magnifique Corporation.
Elle decides to leave Boston   and go.
Where she and Bruiser have settled.
C.
To work.
Elle is upset  and decides to take it to be the voice for those and to outlaw animal testing.
Her dog s mother is.
Who ca nt speak.
Elle is met to Washington politics.
Working. 
Rudd s member  Timothy  sarcastically calls her Capitol Barbie.
Elle starts to lose her faith in Washington politics.
Elle discovers.
The story moves along.
Bruiser is actually gay  after she is paged.
Bruiser has been affectionate  a Rottweiller owned by Congressman Stan Marks  the Chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce.
Has jurisdiction.
Elle also finds.
Congresswoman Libby Hauser  the Ranking Member  was a member of Delta Nu.
Both Marks and Hauser warm to Elle and eventually come to support Bruiser s Bill.
Elle also discovers.
Congresswoman Rudd has actually been working.
Rudd has been doing so to satisfy the interests of a major campaign donor named Bob.
However  Rudd is eventually blackmailed.
Rudd s Chief eavesdrops on a recorded conversation during which Rudd admits to Elle that she has been working against Bruiser s Bill in order to help Rudd s sponsors who want to continue with tests on animals.
Grace and Elle eventually reach a place.
Grace is appalled that Rudd lied and blamed it on her.
After Grace admits she came.
C.
Lost that idealism.
When she discovered how dirty politics could really be.
Elle s petition is successful.
Bruiser s Bill is brought.
Elle and Emmett get married.
C.
Albeit  but standing on the home plate.
They had planned.
Has been delivered.
C.
Elle says  Oh  I think I know just the place.
When Emmett asks where to live.
They are driving.
<EOS>
The narrative opens  My name is Quintus Dias.
I am a soldier.
This is neither the beginning  nor the end.
It is AD.
The Roman garrisons are struggling to conquer the Picts.
Who inhabit the Scottish Highlands and a large part.
Centurion Quintus Dias is the only survivor and is taken prisoner by Vortix.
Agricola  the Roman governor  wants to obtain favour with the Roman Senate  hoping to secure a transfer back to the comforts of Rome.
He dispatches the Ninth Legion   to eradicate the Pictish threat and provides him with a Brigantian scout called Etain.
They encounter Dias and rescue him from three of Gorlacon s men.
Dias tells Virilus with Gorlacon.
The general discovers.
Dias  father was a famous gladiator that he had seen fight.
Dias befriends two Roman officers  a veteran named Bothos and a young Roman soldier named Thax.
Etain betrays the legion  leading them into a trap.
Where they are annihilated.
The general is captured   two Greco-Roman legionaries named Macros and Leonidas  and Tarak  a cook.
Dias  Bothos  and Thax survive  along  Brick.
They set out to rescue general Virilus and   they find him and sneak in at nightfall.
Failing to break his chains  he orders.
Them to leave him and get back.
Thax kills Gorlacon s young son and recovers Virilus  helmet.
They retreat.
The next morning the general is given a sword and made with Etain.
Who kills him.
The seven plan to travel north to throw the Picts off their trail  then head west  and then south.
Meanwhile  Etain  Aeron  Vortix and a detachment are sent to kill them.
They catch up with the fugitives.
Who jump off a cliff.
Tarak is killed  Macros and Thax become separated and see a wolf.
He can jump.
Dias and his group camp.
Their trackers set up camp nearby.
Dias and Brick launch a night raid  killing two men and severely wounding a third  but can not find Etain.
Dias learns  and.
The king has sworn vengeance.
Etain is absent.
She has launched her own attack.
Dias and Brick return.
To discover that Leonidas has been killed.
Bothos injured.
Macros and Thax are running.
Thax falls  in close pursuit  and cries out to his comrade for help.
Macros returns to help him.
Thax slices.
The wolves attack and devour Macros.
Dias  Bothos and Brick find a hut.
Where they befriend Arianne.
She shelters them  provides food and medical attention.
Arianne confronts her.
When Etain comes the following day.
The Romans hide under the floorboards.
The next morning they leave Arianne.
Who provides them to travel to a nearby Roman garrison.
They find  an order pinned says.
The garrison abandoned.
The Roman troops have retreated south.
They set up a defensive position.
They see Etain and her group.
Bothos kills Vortix and a female warrior  Dias kills two Picts.
Brick kills Aeron and the last Pict warrior  however   Brick is killed.
The Picts are defeated.
Who Dias then kills.
Dias and Bothos continue southwards and are reunited.
Thax threatens Dias.
They fight  killing Thax.
Bothos  joyfully riding  is mistaken for a Pict and shot by an archer.
He reports.
When Dias enters the camp.
Who is concerned that news may cause other tribes to rise up against them.
He is also fearful  and decides.
Dias must be killed.
Dias manages to foil the attempt.
He is grievously wounded during the fracas.
Agricola s daughter tells him.
He is too much.
He escapes the camp and returns to Arianne.
He and Arianne kiss.
The weakened Dias lies by the stream.
The film ends  My name is Quintus Dias.
I am a fugitive.
This is neither the beginning  nor the end.
<EOS>
Emanuelle is invited to write a report on Guru Shanti  a man.
Who claims to have achieved the ultimate orgasm.
Once there she engages  she disproves his theory.
She then heads to investigate trafficked women.
She teams up snoop out a trail of men smuggling women to the Middle East.
She then arrives back.
<EOS>
Yolanda  a cabaret singer  brings heroin.
The singer knows.
When he drops dead.
She is.
Desperate to escape the police  she recalls a visit.
Claimed to be admirers.
The Mother Superior  a fan  had promised to provide help.
Required. 
The Mother Superior rapturously greets her.
When Yolanda arrives.
The mission  called the Humbled Redeemers  is to offer shelter and redemption to fallen women.
Yolanda is the only guest.
A bustling haven those days are long gone and now.
Therefore  her arrival is interpreted.
The convent is.
The Order is facing serious financial hardships.
Their prime financial supporter  the vain and greedy Marquise has decided to discontinue the convent s annuity.
She feels less affinity.
Did her recently deceased husband  who set up the fund.
The convent had taken.
Who subsequently became a nun and ran off  only to be eaten by cannibals.
The religious order is headless.
The Mother General is dying.
Lost live the six religious members of the community  the mother Superior  four other nuns and the chaplain.
To reinforce their vows  the Mother Superior has given the other nuns repulsive new names  Sister Manure  Sister Damned  Sister Snake and Sister Rat of the Sewers.
The Mother Superior explains the rationale  man will not be saved.
He realizes he is the worst being.
Sinners are worthy of gratitude.
They are the reason God dies and is resurrected.
The nuns have begun to indulge in their own idiosyncratic pursuits.
Order to pass the time.
The nurturing Sister Damned compulsively cleans the convent and coddles all the animals  including an overgrown pet tiger.
She treats  playing the bongos for him.
The ascetic Sister Manure is consumed.
She murdered somebody.
She is very devoted.
The mother superior lied to save her from jail.
The overcurious Sister Sewer Rat gardens and secretly   writes lurid novels about the wayward souls.
Who visit the convent.
She smuggles the novels out through her sister s periodic visits.
The unassuming Sister Snake  tailors seasonal fashion collections for dressing the statues of the Virgin Mary.
Her piety is a cover up.
The mother Superior is a heavy drug user and a lesbian.
Whose charitable work is a means.
She admits.
I have become one.
Determined to win the trust and emotionally detached Yolanda  the Mother Superior offers her the best accommodations - the lavish room.
Belong before.
Yolanda mingles and spends her time reading the diary of her deceased boyfriend finding out.
Their relationship really was.
The Mother Superior soon falls passionately with her.
Together  they consume coke and heroin.
Yolanda decides both should come off the drugs.
Withdrawal is like a painful catharsis.
It confirms her very sinful nature.
Yolanda keeps the Mother Superior and strikes a friendship with Sister Rat.
The Mother Superior has to face both Yolanda s rejection and the threats.
She fails to blackmail the Marquise.
Undiscouraged  she then prepares to resort to maintain the independence of her convent.
The Sisters decide to celebrate the Mother Superior s birthday.
The Marquise and nuns come to the party.
Yolanda  accompanied by the sisters  sings in honor of the Mother Superior.
The Marquise manages to get a letter.
Coming has informed her about a long lost grandson that has been raised by the Apes.
She is very grateful.
Yolanda and Sister Rat helped her to obtain the letter.
The new Mother General  the highest authority in their order  announces the dissolution of the convent.
Sister Damned decides to return and leaves her tiger to Sister Snake and the Priest.
They are and want to start a family with the tiger as their son.
Sister Rat and Yolanda go to live.
Only Sister Manure is left to console the Mother Superior.
Yolanda s desertion has caused.
<EOS>
Phil Harris spends more time than with his wife and children.
Phil s marriage disintegrates  taking flight and leaving him to care for their distressed children.
<EOS>
The film provides an insight.
Incident  Tommie Smith and John Carlos  give the black power salute from the victory dais after the 200 metres final.
Saw two United States athletes.
The film focuses.
Who showed his support by donning an Olympic Project for Human Rights badge on his way to the podium.
It was also Norman.
Who suggested that they share the black gloves used in their salute.
Carlos had left his gloves.
This is the reason.
Carlos raised his left.
Asked later and Carlos  cause by the world s press  Norman said.
He opposed his country s government s White Australia policy.
The film documents the subsequent reprimand by the Australian Olympic authorities  and his ostracism by the Australian media.
The Australian Olympic track team did not send him to the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
It also documents Norman s reunion.
The film debuted June.
It was released Australia-wide July.
<EOS>
16 year old LP has just graduated.
He lives.
He s the only-child couple.
Wanting to get away he steals a sailboat  vaguely envisioning to look up some girl.
He once knew a bit.
Not knowing collides.
To sail he almost.
When the stunningly beautiful Line rescues him.
She jumps and joins LP on his journey.
LP is sullen and introvert  however  the confident and well versed girl thaws him.
They continue.
Then LP s father appears and demands the end.
LP is determined not to submit to board the boat and join the young couple.
A battle ensues between the equally stubborn father and his offspring.
Neither has really learned to know the other.
Line becomes the catalyst.
Makes both realize new aspects.
<EOS>
American burlesque performer Steve Martin offers to play a song.
They agree to sing along.
Only one person does sing  a young boy named Asa Yoelson.
Steve is bowled over.
Asa realizes.
He should be singing.
Asa arrives late  and is later reprimanded.
Asa is reluctant to explain.
Where he was.
Steve Martin visits the Yoelsons  home.
He explains.
He heard Asa sing  and that he wants Asa to be part of his act.
Papa Yoelson refuses to consider it.
Asa is determined to be  and runs away to Baltimore.
Where he is taken.
The kindly superintendent  Father McGee  finds Steve Martin and notifies Asa s parents.
Asa tells them.
When they appear.
He will keep running away until they allow him to go.
Asa s mother believes.
It would be better to give Asa what he wants than have him running away all the time.
Asa gets bored with singing songs the same way all the time  and begins to improvise.
He starts whistling instead  but is unhappy and wants to go home.
When his voice suddenly breaks.
Steve says - previously Asa has only stood.
They can work together.
Asa changes his mind  and his name  he performs.
Blackface entertainer Tom Baron passes out drunk.
Al goes on.
Two theatrical entrepreneurs  Oscar Hammerstein and Lew Dockstader  are.
Dockstader realizes.
It was really Al who was  and hires him join his minstrel show.
One night  Jolson is out walking  he enjoys it so much.
When he hears the new  exciting jazz music.
He forgets that he has a show that night.
Dockstader fires him.
Al visits his parents  but does not stay long.
He receives a call.
Baron invites Al to join his Broadway show.
Al insists.
He becomes so popular.
He becomes the leading player and takes the show.
Al meets an up-and-coming dancer named Julie Benson.
It is love after meeting her  he proposes to her.
She agrees.
She does not love him yet.
They marry filming The Jazz Singer.
Which time Julie has fallen with him.
But Julie is not as fond  she wants to quit and settle down.
He is.
Al persuades her to continue.
They star together  but eventually Julie ca nt stand any more.
Al admits.
He would rather have her.
He finally quits.
They move.
Al refuses.
All job offers and absolutely will not sing  even.
But one night  they decide to celebrate the wedding anniversary.
Papa Yoelson persuades him to sing.
Then Tom Baron suggests they go and see an early floor show.
Jolson is afraid.
The crowd insists.
It is no use.
He tries to fob the crowd off.
He has to sing.
Julie realizes.
He is happier than he has been  and decides to leave.
She walks out  leaving Al to his first love  singing.
A successful sequel  Jolson Sings Again  was released.
<EOS>
Ryotaro pursues the Molech Imagin.
The Imagin fulfilled his mission.
Den-O Sword Form destroys the Molech Imagin.
The DenLiner ends up hijacked.
Gaoh forces the DenLiner to travel back in time to the Edo Period of Japan.
He can retrieve the legendary GaohLiner.
Trapped  with Ryotaro having lost all memory of Den-O  he and Hana encounter Ryotaro s younger self as well as their old friend  the Imagin Sieg  able to only possess the younger Ryotaro.
Momotaros arrives.
Sieg s special talents allow him to still possess Ryotaro.
Yuto shows up  taking everyone to pursue Gaoh  with Kotaro joining them.
The gang arrived in the Edo Era and gets Senhime s aid in sneaking into the camp of Yukimura Sanada.
Who is aiding Gaoh.
Gaoh succeeds.
The reunited Taros defeat Sanada s ninjas.
Ryotaro was born  to make an example out.
Ryotaro and Momotaros are forced to fight him and his band.
He managed to regain his memory.
Yuto arrives.
The Den-O s and Zeronos emerge victorious.
Gaoh is killed  reducing him to sand.
The DenLiner comes across Ryotaro s old house.
Ryotaro finally gets to see the faces.
Sieg and Kotaro also return as well  resuming their places in history.
He finds a drawing in the picture frame.
When Ryotaro returns.
Where the original photo once was.
<EOS>
American video game designer Roger Dearly lives in London.
One day  Roger takes Pongo.
He sets his eyes.
Roger and Pongo discover.
Her owner  fashion designer Anita Campbell-Green  falls.
When they meet.
James s Park.
They get married along.
Anita works at the House of de Vil.
Her boss  the pampered and very glamorous Cruella de Vil  has two passions  cigarettes and fur.
Anita  inspired  designs a coat made with spotted fur.
Cruella is intrigued.
She offers the couple a decent price.
When she learns that Perdy has given birth.
They refuse.
Flying  Cruella dismisses Anita and seeks revenge against her and Roger.
She has her henchmen  Jasper and Horace  steal the puppies and deliver them.
The puppies manage to outwit Jasper and Horace  and escape to a farm.
Where their parents have been called to wait.
But  Cruella  the glamorous ` city girl   shows up and tries to retrieve them.
However  she is kicked by a horse  she having already been covered in molasses.
All get home by the Metropolitan Police Service.
Who then arrest Cruella and her henchmen.
Roger and Anita adopt the other Dalmatians.
She stole  bringing the total.
Roger designs a successful video game featuring Dalmatian puppies as the villain.
They move.
<EOS>
Two college graduates find themselves back home to find a new direction for their lives.
Their friends move on.
Dennis feels overtaken.
He outstripped while Phil re-encounters an ex-girlfriend he left behind.
The pair begin meeting old acquaintances and trying to pull themselves up and reorganize their plans for the future.
<EOS>
Unemployed teenager Grace Cuthberston meets the mysterious Gerald Hutchinson  the two eventually become lovers.
Gerald then claims to be Christ.
Grace has to determine.
Whether he is mad and if there is a reason.
<EOS>
George and Harold  American song-and dance-men performing  have to leave in a hurry to avoid various marriage proposals.
They end up.
Where they take jobs.
They are taken to an idyllic island on the way to Bali.
They vie.
The hazardous dive produces a chest.
The prince plans to claim.
The three are shipwrecked and washed up on another island.
Lala is now with both of the boys and ca nt decide.
To choose.
The boys participate in a traditional marriage ceremony  both thinking.
They re marrying Lala.
She s being unwillingly married to the already much-married King.
They end up married.
Displeased  the volcano god initiates a massive eruption.
The three end up on yet another beach.
Where Lala chooses George.
Undaunted  Harold conjures up Jane Russell and thinks  but she too rejects Harold.
He s going to get her.
George walks off.
Harold is left alone  demanding and asking the audience to stick around to see.
The film should nt finish.
What s going to happen.
<EOS>
Arturo Ortega  a man.
His career proved to be a short one.
Arturo had the intellect  ambition  and agility to be a professional.
He s washed up.
However  Arturo has instilled his passion.
Who have grown up learning all.
The three boys begin competing  with Arturo as their manager and coach.
Johnny swiftly displays so much promise.
Other managers and promoters want to take over his contract and put make him the next boxing champion.
Arturo feels let down.
When sonny decides that he wants to work  while his other two sons rail against sonny for turning his back on his father and hope Arturo has the same conviction in their talents in the ring.
<EOS>
The movie is all.
Who pursues courses.
A case coming together.
Risk Bhaskar  a stuntman  comes across Cinthya  a college student.
A couple help them to get acquainted with each other.
She comes to know of the difficulties stuntmen face in their everyday work.
Life is a daily risk  she understands.
Cinthya s care and affection makes Baskar develop love.
However coming to know  he wants to leave.
She is not interested.
Missing his company  Cinthya calls and urges him to be himself and continue their friendship.
Not wanting to miss his company  Cinthya promises to marry Baskar.
She develops a love in future or if not they would part as friends after sometime.
Baskar  a happy-go-lucky youngster  tries.
All means to impress Cinthya.
However  Malar  Cinthya s mother  coming to know opposes it.
Meanwhile  she loses her husband Jayachandran  a fire and rescue personnel.
He is dousing a major blaze.
She immediately decides to get her daughter married and even arranges her wedding.
The rest is.
Whether Baskar and Cinthya reunite.
<EOS>
Pirate Yosemite Sam spots another ship and demands its surrender.
All abandon ship  leaving only Bugs Bunny  a stowaway in a box full of carrots.
They exclaim.
Who finds Pirate Sam does not sound very intimidating.
Bugs then looks.
Sam said to surrender.
Bugs refuses to give up.
A battle ensues.
Eventually  Sam gives one more warning.
When Bugs throws a lit match.
Sam rushes to get it and puts it out.
He mentioned.
If Bugs throws another match he is not going after it.
Which Bugs throws another lit match down there.
Sam stood there not going.
Just as he promised.
He decide to do it  much too late.
Then the whole ship blows up and Sam lands.
Sam grabs the matchbox and does the same thing.
His ship destroyed.
Bugs did.
Sam demand he go and get the match.
Bugs refuse to get it.
Panicking  Sam swims back to shore.
But he did nt realize.
It was the women s powder room.
And.
Which Bugs said talcum powder does nt blow up.
We see Bugs flying up I could be wrong.
You know.
The cartoon closes.
<EOS>
Alex Schlotsky is a freshman.
Where he and his friends are  the Lions.
The Warriors  Alex and his friends are determined to find their own Judah Macabee to coach their team.
Alex finds.
What he believes is their coach -- Lamont Carr  an African-American college basketball star whose knee injury forced him to quit.
Alex and Lamont do nt get off to a good start.
The next day  however  Alex offers to pay Lamont to coach their team  Lamont reluctantly agrees.
They become exhausted and frustrated with his coaching style.
An intervention inspires Lamont to help the team love the game of basketball.
There are many hurdles -- throughout the movie  Lamont is homeless after leaving his wife and son in Virginia with the hopes of being signed by the Philadelphia 76ers  Alex must balance his mother s desire for him to become a doctor as opposed to a basketball star.
Alex and Lamont must overcome.
Also  they must face.
Is the school s principal  Mrs Klein  who tries to see if Lamont is safe to be.
This leads.
Where he goes after practicing.
Lamont is homeless.
Where his dad is trying to get a tenant.
Mrs Klein is.
Alex opens the door.
Lamont and Alex s dad compromise.
Where Lamont can live there until Alex s dad.
Later  the players are looking forward to  Lamont tells the team.
He received an offer from the Philadelphia.
He was going to accept it.
This means.
The Lions must try to win the tournament.
The day  Alex finally confronts his mother and breaks through to her about his love for the game.
She ends up convincing Alex s best friend Julie to forgive him.
However  the Lions have been successful  winning every game.
Alex s mother drives Julie  then goes to the stadium.
The game is going on.
Where Lamont is playing a game to try to convince Lamont to go.
She speaks about Alex s dreams and understands him even more afterwards.
She arrives.
His car works again.
She finds Lamont.
She finally seems to start to understand.
The final game takes place on a stormy night.
Eventually knocks out the power.
Resorting for the remainder of the game  the Lions and the Warriors play the duration of the game on the agreement.
The team will win.
The Warriors devise a plan to make sure.
It is them.
It becomes clear  the Warriors call a timeout.
The fuel is moments away from running out.
Lasts. 
The Lions are outraged and discouraged.
Lamont appears and encourages them to not lose faith.
The power then once again goes out.
The Warriors celebrate.
What they believe is their victory -- until the power comes back.
The final moments consists of the Lions catching up to the Warriors.
Alex passes the ball  allowing them to score the winning basket.
The entire school celebrates.
Lamont s wife and son enter the gym and plan to stay.
Who reveals that he plans to become their full-time coach.
Alex s mother is finally convinced to let him play basketball and in fact only showed up at the end of the game.
She could go get Lamont s family while he went to help the team.
The final scene consists of Alex s and Lamont s families along with Julie playing a game of basketball.
Rabbi Lewis  story and its relation to the basketball game plays over the scene.
<EOS>
In the village of Pietranera in French-controlled Corsica  hot-blooded maiden Colomba della Rabia wants her brother Orso to avenge the murder of their father by the powerful Barracini family.
Orso is a man of peace and reason  he is more interested in courting the beautiful English aristocrat  Lydia Nevil.
Who opposes the Corsican practice.
Who is vacationing.
Sir Thomas Nevil.
To persuade Orso to do his family duty  Colomba must have the help.
He challenges Vincente Barracini.
When Orso is finally convinced that the Barracinis are guilty  and were acquitted.
Pleases Colomba but horrifies Lydia.
She is now bethrothed  but threatens to leave him.
He goes through.
Colomba finds out.
When Orso heads.
The Barracini brothers are going to ambush him  and rides out to give him warning.
Comes. 
Orso is wounded  but not seriously.
Padrino tells the grief-striken Orso.
He must use his experience to guide the people.
<EOS>
This movie is.
Who is born.
Nargis is driven to a graveyard.
Where she gives birth secretly.
Nargis dies.
Her sister  Nawabjaan  takes the child.
Sahibjaan was brought up.
Unable to break away  Sahibjaan grows up and becomes a beautiful and popular.
Forest ranger Salim Ahmed Khan is enthralled  and eventually convinces her to elope with him.
She does.
But trials and tribulations await Sahibjaan.
She is recognized.
She refuses  and returns.
When Salim renames her Pakeezah and takes her.
Salim eventually decides to marry someone else  and invites Sahibjaan to dance.
Sahibjaan agrees.
The story reveals an exciting turn  Nawab recognises Shahabuddin and calls him to witness the irony of the situation.
His own daughter employed to dance and entertain his own family.
<EOS>
Arvid  a bank teller  is dumped for being too boring and dull.
Hoping to put some excitement  Arvid helps stop a robbery at the bank.
The wife tracks Arvid down and tells him her husband.
Was robbing the bank only so he could pay so they could have a child.
The title is a reference.
Arvid s brother tells him.
Which makes him realize that there is no such thing  and that whether something is right or wrong depends on the situation.
He comes to sympathize with the bank robber.
Imagining  Arvid plots a robbery with the help of his brother Harald and some fellow wannabe criminals.
He can help the couple and prove himself to be a dangerous outlaw all at once.
<EOS>
Paradise Now follows Palestinian childhood friends Said and Khaled.
Who live and have been recruited for suicide attacks in Tel Aviv.
It focuses.
What would be their last days together.
Their handlers tell them.
The attack will take place the next day.
The pair record videos glorifying Allah and their cause  and bid their unknowing families and loved ones goodbye.
The next day  they shave off their hair and beards and don suits.
Order to look.
Their cover story is.
They are going.
An explosive belt is attached  the handlers are the only ones with the keys needed to remove the belts without detonating them.
The men are instructed to detonate the bombs with a time interval of 15 minutes.
That the second bomb will kill police arriving.
They cross the Israeli border  but have to flee.
Khaled returns.
Who have fled.
The handlers remove Khaled s explosive belt and issue a search.
Khaled believes.
He is the best person to find Said since he knows him well.
He is given to find him.
He re-enters Israeli territory alone.
He considers detonating the bomb on a commercial bus.
He decides.
When he sees a child.
Eventually  Said reveals his reason.
-- -- he explains.
He has fallen in love with.
Who plays the role.
His father was an ameel  who was executed.
He blames the Israelis.
Khaled eventually finds Said  and about to detonate it.
Who is still wearing the belt.
They return.
Said convinces them.
The attack need not be canceled.
He is ready.
They both travel.
Influenced.
Who discovered their plan.
Khaled tries to convince Said to back off as well.
However Said manages to shake Khaled.
The film ends sitting on a bus carrying Israeli civilians and soldiers  slowly zooming in on his eyes  and then suddenly cuts to white.
It is left open.
Whether or not Said detonated the bomb.
<EOS>
G.
Wells displays a time machine.
It works.
One finds a bag   belonging to one of Herbert s friends  a surgeon named John Leslie Stevenson   concluding.
Whom they are unable to locate.
Stevenson might be the infamous killer.
Wells races.
The time machine is gone.
Stevenson has escaped.
It automatically returns.
He does not have the non-return key.
Herbert uses it to pursue Stevenson.
Where the machine has ended up at a museum in San Francisco.
He is deeply shocked  having expected it to be an enlightened socialist utopia  only to find chaos in the form of airplanes  automobiles and a worldwide history of war  crime and bloodshed.
Searching numerous banks -- he believes -- Herbert meets liberated Chartered Bank of London employee Amy Robbins.
An Englishman might need to exchange old currency.
She directs Herbert.
She previously had Stevenson.
Confronted  Stevenson confesses.
He finds modern society to be pleasingly violent.
Apologetically  he states  Ninety years ago  I was a freak.
Now  I m an amateur.
Herbert demands he return to face justice.
Stevenson   attempts to wrest it.
Who would be unable to prevent the machine from automatically returning.
Their struggle is interrupted and Stevenson flees  getting hit during the frantic chase on foot.
Herbert follows him and mistakenly gets the impression.
Stevenson had died.
Herbert meets up again.
She is the aggressor.
Stevenson returns.
Rightly concluding  he finds out.
It was Amy who had led Herbert.
Where she lives.
Herbert  hoping to convince her  takes a highly skeptical Amy three days into the future.
Once there  she is aghast to see a newspaper headline revealing her own murder.
Herbert persuades her -- it is their duty to attempt to prevent the fourth victim s murder  then prevent Amy s.
They must go back.
However  they are delayed to the present and can do no more than phone the police.
Stevenson kills again.
Herbert is arrested.
Amy is left alone  totally defenseless  and.
Herbert unsuccessfully tries to convince the police.
Amy attempts to hide.
They find the dismembered body.
When the police finally do investigate her apartment.
Wells is released  mourning Amy s brutal death.
Suddenly  he is confronted.
To meet Wells.
Stevenson then kidnapped Amy.
Order to extort the time machine key.
Stevenson flees -- and Amy as insurance -- to attempt a permanent escape in the time machine.
She is able to escape.
Herbert bargains.
Herbert removes the vaporizing equalizer.
Stevenson starts up the time machine.
Stevenson nods.
The removal  Herbert had confirmed earlier  causes the machine to remain in place.
Its passenger is sent traveling endlessly  with no way to stop  in effect destroying him.
Herbert proclaims.
The time has come to return  by himself  in order to destroy a machine that is too dangerous for primitive mankind.
Amy pleads to take her along.
She says.
They depart.
She is changing her name.
Anthony.
The end credits reveal.
The two later married.
<EOS>
The story begins.
When Afghanistan was invaded by the former Soviet Union in.
Large number began crossing over into Pakistan.
One such caravan brings Saima.
Deeba Begum plays Shaan s mother.
Saima is his fiancee.
Deeba and Saima are lost to Shaan  and come to Pakistan.
They camp.
Is. 
Meanwhile  the war is halted.
Shaan  the true fiance  comes.
You can well imagine.
What transpires.
The Afghan war pales.
Is witnessed  after that.
<EOS>
The film begins  Colonel Hubert Bonisseur de La Bath chased by two cars containing enemy agents.
OSS 117 manages to blow up both and escape by helicopter.
He discovers.
His unsuccessful assignment was to obtain information.
OSS 117 s superior  Mr Smith briefs him.
The Organisation has informed the U.
S.
State Department undetected and demand $ 100 Million Dollars to not use the weapon.
They have a missile that can strike its target.
They have destroyed an American military base somewhere in Asia presumably with a nuclear weapon.
OSS 117 attends a briefing.
Who view satellite footage.
OSS 117 speculates.
When the military personnel state that no F-107 was.
It may have been a miniature replica.
Mr Smith tells OSS.
Their man has provided a report of miniature fighters being developed.
To keep an eye.
Ralston has vanished.
OSS 117 arranges to meet Eva posing John Wilson.
Who is.
Eva says.
She has been blackmailed due.
Eva provided radio codes.
Had been destroyed that allowed The Organisation s secret weapon to destroy the installation.
OSS 117 places a covert listening device and arranges to monitor her.
When she meets her blackmail contact.
He loses his reception.
When unknown Eva rips off her listening device.
OSS 117 ends up visiting a strip club  has a fight with a large martial arts expert and meets a Japanese bar girl.
The latter two are agents.
Team up on the case.
OSS 117 is told.
The ransom will have to be paid.
He continues observing Eva.
The real John Wilson returns to Eva following him to reveal.
He is a member.
Observing that Wilson and Eva going on a small craft  he follows and observes the small craft from an airplane.
He sees the craft enter the opening doors.
OSS 117 parachutes and climbs the side of the ship using a grappling hook mounted on a spear gun.
He discovers a control room.
Sends the miniature fighters where due to their size they are undetected by radar.
OSS 117 and Eva take.
<EOS>
The people are a peaceful hard working people  they have everything.
They need and want bar the mystical Sampo  a magical mill which will make grain  salt and gold and give prosperity.
The only person is the smith Ilmarinen  however he can not make it.
His sister Annikki has fallen.
Annikki eventually falls with the young hard working Lemminkainen.
All is not perfect however.
There is a dark dismal land.
Called Pohjola ruled over.
She wishes  but her wizards are unable to forge one.
Louhi is advised.
Only Ilmarinen is able to forge a Sampo.
Louhi sends her enchanted cloak to bring Annikki as ransom.
Lemminkainen runs to Ilmarinen to inform him and vows to return her  Ilmarinen agrees to come.
His sister has been taken.
They set off.
Louhi demands they complete a simple task each  Lemminkainen is asked to plow a field of snakes.
He does.
The final task is set  he is to forge a Sampo.
He sets to work and.
He forges a beautiful Sampo.
Immediately begins to make gold  grain and salt.
Lemminkainen and Ilmarinen are reunited.
They set sail.
Lemminkainen is upset.
When he is informed that the people will never be able to reap the benefits of the Sampo and dives into the sea to swim back and recover it.
Back  Lemminkainen releases the mist from the prison.
Louhi has placed it.
It covers the whole land.
The Sampo has gone.
When the mist clears.
Lemminkainen is.
His boat is wrecked.
The Sampo is destroyed.
Lemminkainen presumed lost.
Lemminkainen manages to swim back and manages to return a small piece of the Sampo.
Vainamoinen announces will bring great prosperity and joy.
Lemminkainen and Annikki marry and a great feast and dance is arranged.
However  Louhi  angry  comes to Kalevala and steals their sun.
Returning it  she locks it in a deep mountain cave.
Things look very bleak.
Kalevala is plunged.
However  Lemminkainen is still hopeful  he asks Ilmarinen to forge a new sun.
He begins work on.
But wise old Vainamoinen informs him.
It s futile and that they must go and recover the sun by force.
Vainamoinen tells the people.
This battle will be fought using kantele and not bladed weapons.
The people prepare by cutting trees and bringing all precious metals to Ilmarinen to forge the strings.
Vainamoinen begins playing.
When the two people meet.
The trolls begin to drift to sleep.
Louhi tries to get them to fight  but she fails.
Her trolls fall down unconscious.
Louhi then sends her magic cape to kill the people.
It is beaten down.
Lemminkainen marches up.
Contains the sun.
Louhi turns herself.
Lemminkainen slices the stone door open with his sword  releasing the sun to shine over the lands of Kalevala.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Ishwarya is the daughter and has eloped with Balu with the blessings of her mother.
Her father and her uncle Ramadorai  Rajadorai s brother  show up  only to beat a hasty retreat.
When they realize who Ishwarya is.
The couple is puzzled.
Their saviour could induce so much fear.
Dharmadorai s wife Parvathi then tells the eloped couple.
Dharmadorai is the guileless elder brother.
He had showered love and affection and had given them money  believing.
They would use it.
Who knew that his younger sons were evil.
He even saves Rajadorai by forcing the girl.
Rajadorai raped to marry him.
But both Rajadorai and Ramadorai have no affection and exploit his innocence for their sinister desires.
They move  get involved in illegal activities like smuggling and become rich by double-crossing their boss.
One day Dharmadorai arrives to meet his brothers.
However his brothers are not happy to see him and humiliate him.
A hurt Dharmadorai then advises both Rajadorai and Ramadorai.
They refuse to listen.
Later that night  Ramadorai kills an enemy.
Who had been sent to kill both Rajadorai and Ramadorai.
They force Dharmadorai to take the blame and go.
Parvathi delivers birth.
When he is.
A few years later  both Rajadorai and Ramadorai come and seizes all their father s property  including the house.
The hurt father dies.
Her son are driven out.
The son recognises Ramadorai driving a car and throws a stone on it.
The enraged Ramadorai then runs and kills him.
A grieving Parvathi finally takes up the job.
Soon  Dharmadorai completes his jail term and.
Finds out that both his father and son are dead and that Parvathi is in Chennai.
He hears the entire story from her.
Feeling betrayed and enraged  he rushes and beats them mercilessly  stopping only.
When their wives plead him to do so.
He eventually disowns them and disillusioned  he and Parvathi move.
Their wives request Dharmadorai to rescue them.
When some enemies capture Rajadorai and Ramadorai.
Reluctantly  Dharmadorai fights those enemies and saves his brothers.
Both Rajadorai and Ramadorai beg Dharmadorai finally forgives them.
<EOS>
The film takes place.
What has been described.
2081 begins with George and Hazel Bergeron -- parents of the exceptionally strong  intelligent  handsome Harrison Bergeron -- sitting in their living room  watching the ballet on television.
George carries many handicaps  wearing an earpiece and heavy weights to counteract his intelligence and strength  respectively.
Hazel  being perfectly average and capable  wears none.
Six years prior  Harrison was taken by a SWAT team from the office of the Handicapper General.
Sitting  George tries to think about the event  but ca nt quite bring himself to recall.
What happened.
He continues to watch the ballet instead.
The ballet is interrupted.
George watches the report.
The report concludes and returns  featuring delicate ballerinas heavily weighed down to ensure.
They are only as graceful.
Just then  loud stomps can be heard approaching the stage.
The ballerinas cower.
Harrison Bergeron marches down the aisle and leaps with a heavy thud  almost unhindered by the weight of his massive handicaps.
He begins his address to the audience in the theater and those watching at home by claiming to have a bomb under the stage  the detonator.
Which he holds.
The audience listens.
He peels and chooses a volunteer ballerina to do the same.
He takes her hand  and  the two dance  unhindered.
The audience watches  mystified and elegance.
The enforcers  keen to keep this display under wraps  surround the theater and quickly cut the video feed to the television audience as the Handicapper General herself marches down the aisle with a shotgun.
Harrison pushes the button of his detonator.
Sends a signal to a device that overrides the video block  reminiscent of John Galt s broadcast in Ayn Rand s Atlas Shrugged.
He looks.
George smiles back.
Unaware  the Handicapper General fires the shotgun  killing Harrison and his ballerina.
The video feed is again being broadcasted.
The SWAT team leader  having been unable to stop her  informs her.
She fired.
She looks around in realization.
This gruesome  atrocious act has been broadcasted for all to see.
George stares heartbrokenly  the gravity of the moment is lost on them.
The signal is again blocked  until his train is again broken by the screeching of his headset.
They slip back.
<EOS>
Kay Walsh is a woman.
Who has been assigned to work while her husband Jack  a Leading Seaman  is overseas in naval service.
Lonely and vulnerable  Kay falls  and befriends her embittered neighbor Hazel  a former singer.
The three enjoy their time together.
Kay s husband comes home and realizes what has occurred.
<EOS>
The film centers on Dan Saxon  a cop with a troubled childhood.
He is enlisted to go undercover to bust the illegal drugs and arms trafficking.
Saxon is unsuccessful.
He meets and befriends Virgil  a mechanic who introduces him.
Virgil tutors Saxon brotherhood.
Saxon develops an alter ego named Sid and ends up infiltrating the outlaw motorcycle brotherhood and earning the trust of Blood  the president of a local club.
He begins a relationship with a photojournalist  Renee Jason.
Who is aware.
He becomes more unbalanced.
Saxon falls deeper.
<EOS>
Julie Roy  a young woman  approaches a maverick attorny  claiming.
Her psychoanalyst has raped her.
Over a period used her for sex before discarding her.
<EOS>
Captain Vijay Malhotra attempts to defend himself.
When corrupt army officials  Pratap Singh  Virender Sinha  and Jaswant Dalal  intercept a truck-load  with the help of Virender s brother  Baldev which they are about to sell illicitly to gangsters.
Vijay Malhotra stops the trio  but subsequently is shot to death by a mysterious man by the name of DK.
Who is the ringleader.
The movie shifts.
Where the Mumbai Police gets a fax.
An operation to nab him alive is handed over.
Dinesh Kapoor sends a copy and tells him to prevent Jaswant from being nabbed by the police.
Vicky helps Jaswant escape.
Vicky shoots him instead.
When Jaswant tries to kill him to erase any witnesses.
Vicky then escapes despite the police preventing it.
Vicky meets Preeti  Pratap Singh s daughter  and woos her while getting into trouble with Jojo  Baldev Sinha s son and beats him up.
Vicky and Preeti both fall.
Pratap Singh and Virender Sinha are high-profile criminals.
They share a shaky relationship with one another.
Vicky meets up.
Who identifies him.
Vicky promises Pratap Singh.
He would make him more powerful than he would ever imagine.
Jojo destroys Vicky s apartment.
Vicky storms Baldev s household  kills many  and makes him cough up the money for the damage.
Jojo did.
Baldev reports this.
Who orders Vicky killed.
Baldev and Jojo take a sniper to kill Vicky.
Who is receiving his mother.
They discover.
His mother is none other.
Convinced  the assassination attempt is called off.
Vicky is none other.
Vicky is then welcomed.
Pratap is stunned to learn Vicky among his rival s ranks.
Virender takes Vicky  Jaswant s.
Where he keeps Pratap s.
DK s secrets.
Vicky shoots Virender dead.
Dumps him.
Where a shark eats him.
He then dumps Pratap s signature cigarette lighter.
Vicky then goes and discovers.
Who DK actually is.
The police retrieve the lighter scene and hand it over to Vicky and launch an attack on Pratap.
Who urges his brother  Baldev to rally his men.
The squad is gunned down by Pratap s men  save for Vicky.
Who was working to get rid of Virender s gang.
Vicky then reveals to Pratap.
He is not Virender s son  and that he had fooled Shanti.
He also reveals.
He was sent to kill Jaswant  Virender  and Pratap  and that they should leave for India to kill DK to make Pratap the undisputed crime king.
Meanwhile Preeti overhears Vicky s conversation and reveals it to Shanti.
Shanti calmly acknowledges.
She knows Vicky is not her son and that she helped him kill her husband  whose weapons had helped kill her own son  unbeknownst.
She reveals.
Vicky is Vijay Malhotra s son  Raju and that it was Vijay Malhotra who was convicted based on testimonies from Jaswant  Pratap  and Virender.
His dead body was stripped  Geeta and son were ostracised by his community.
The community even prevented his body and leave it in a raging desert storm.
Where it is lost.
Preeti   agrees to assist.
Raju then calls ACP Dinesh Kapoor and reveals his plan.
The ACP then sets Jaswant.
Who is revealed to be alive and have been helping provide Raju the information to finish off Virender s gang  free.
Raju arrives with Pratap and takes him to his village.
Where his mother sits desolately.
He reveals to Pratap.
Who he really is and proceeds to beat him.
DK comes to rescue Pratap.
He is revealed to be none other.
Soon Jaswant/DK s men arrive.
Raju kills the men and maims Pratap and DK  makes  and then leaves them for the vultures to feed upon.
Them confess the truth.
His name cleared  Vijay Malhotra is given an honourable military burial.
His son and widowed wife watch.
<EOS>
The film demonstrates.
Action scenes are creating using stunt performers  editing and special effects.
Each bit are demonstrated  then put together to demonstrate.
They are created.
They will look.
Action includes unarmed combat  gunfights  the pyrotechnics  p.
200 Wise  Arthur & Ware.
Derek Stunting.
<EOS>
The creators of Tube describe the film s substance.
<EOS>
December 24  1971  Salt Lake City  Utah  Billy Chapman  a little boy  goes to see their grandfather for Christmas at a mental institution.
Billy s grandfather is sitting   leaving him alone with Billy.
When Billy s parents go off to review his records.
Grandpa starts talking  and tells him the frightening truth about Santa Claus  Santa not only gives presents to the good boys and girls  but punishes the naughty ones.
This begins the themes  linking these things to Santa Claus.
Grandpa goes back into his catatonic state.
Afterwards  the family leaves the mental hospital.
Not far away  a man goes to a convenience store and robs it at gun point.
He kills the clerk and runs out.
Later that night  the Chapman family are and see the same man in the Santa suit pulled over at the side of the road.
He pulls out a gun.
When they ask him if he needs help.
Billy s dad puts the car and tries to get away.
The man shoots him and pulls his mother out leaving his brother behind.
Billy gets out.
He looks away.
When he sees the killer rips his mother s blouse open and try to rape her.
Baby Ricky remains.
He slits her throat.
The killer is gone.
When Billy looks up.
1974  Billy and his brother are living.
Mary s Orphanage staffed.
Billy is.
The kids have been assigned to draw Christmas pictures.
She sends Billy.
When Billy shows his drawing and a decapitated reindeer to the Sister that is teaching.
She sees the drawing and sends Billy as punishment.
Sister Margaret  one  can see.
Billy still is haunted.
Mother Superior does not care.
What Sister Margaret thinks  and tells her that she will take care personally  planning to increase his sadistic discipline.
Later on  Sister Margaret lets.
Billy come outside to play.
He hears the noise.
Billy leaves his room.
Mother Superior sees it and beats them.
She is angry for both seeing this sexual activity and leaving his room to begin with.
When she comes out.
She tells Billy.
They thought.
They could do it.
She then said.
When we do something naughty  we are always get caught and then we are punished.
She also said  punishment is necessary  punishment is good  then she tells him and beats him.
Punishment is absolute.
Leaving his room was naughty and then brings Billy there.
A couple nights later  Billy has nightmares and runs out of his room  only to be caught by Mother Superior.
Who then ties him.
Then   Billy is forced to join in.
When the kids line up to sit.
He wiggles away and punches the fake Santa and runs  scared.
Mother Superior comes in.
He is presumably punished.
It is presumed this treatment continued.
1984  Billy is now 18 years old.
Sister Margaret is trying to help him get a job.
He meets Mr Simms  the store owner.
Who hires Billy.
Things go well.
Billy s co-worker  Andy  starts yelling for poor job performance.
He claims  but now he is giving him attitude  snapping and staring off into space.
Billy was an alright kid.
Billy has a crush and has a dream about making love to her  but being stabbed for his acts.
Billy gets scared.
When he sees the store Santa after he was yelled by Andy.
The next day  Billy is asked to play Santa Claus.
One was injured.
A little girl gets scared to sit  but Billy says stop it  she is being naughty  he does not bring presents to naughty children.
He is Santa.
He punishes them severely.
Sister Margaret calls the store managers and asks.
Billy is doing.
She hangs the phone up looking frightened.
When she is told that Billy is now the store Santa Claus.
Later that night   Andy takes Pamela back.
When the employees are celebrating Christmas.
He has flashbacks.
When Billy goes and sees Andy attempt to rape Pamela.
Billy snaps  thinking  declares Naughty.
He has the power to punish  since he is now Santa Claus.
Pamela becomes upset and starts yelling.
Who stabs Pamela saying Punishment.
Is good.
Mr Simms hears the noise in back and checks it out  thinking.
He is hallucinating.
He is hit.
When he turns around.
The assistant manager  Mrs Randall  sees.
The lights turned off and goes to look.
She becomes hysterical and tries to call the police.
When she sees his corpse.
The phone line is cut.
She sees Billy and tries to hide.
She knocks him down and tries to escape.
When Billy comes closer.
Billy picks up a bow and arrow and kills her.
Having killed everyone  Billy leaves to go punish the naughty people.
She sees Mrs Randall s corpse and screams.
When Sister Margaret comes to see Billy.
Later  Billy sees two young adults having sex.
The girl  Denise  hears something upstairs.
Thinking  she opens the door.
The cat wants to come in.
She sees.
Billy is there.
He shouts Punish.
The boy goes to look and sees her hanging her on the wall.
He tries to call the police.
Billy stops him and throws him.
A little girl sees Billy.
He asks her.
She has been naughty or nice.
Billy kindly gives her the box cutter.
When she says that she has been good.
He used to kill Pamela  then leaves.
The police are out for Santa.
Nearly shoot a dad dressed.
Billy goes.
He hears police sirens.
Later on  two kids going sledding are attacked.
Billy cuts one off and hits the other with the ax killing him as well.
One slides down the hill.
Morning  Captain Richards tells Sister Margaret.
There have been three more murders  in addition to at least five they know.
Margaret tells the captain.
There is an order  and realizes that Billy is the killer.
Sister Margaret understands.
There is a connection after what he has been through  while Richards thinks Billy is insane but not stupid.
She quickly deduces.
His next attack will be.
The children are waiting to see Santa Claus.
Mother Superior is in a wheelchair now due and asks the children to write thank.
You notes.
The police are looking and are ordered to shoot and kill.
Necessary. 
A man walks up to the orphanage.
Officer Barnes arrives and tells the man to stop.
He ignores Barnes and continues walking.
The kids panic.
When the police shoots him.
The Captain and Sister Margaret think.
It is over until the dispatcher tells them the report is all wrong.
Sister Margaret realizes too late.
The police shot Father OBrien  who did not stop because he was deaf.
Officer Barnes unsuccessfully attempts to explain.
What happened.
She becomes angry.
What happened and leaves.
Barnes walks off to search the grounds.
He goes down to look and finds nothing.
When he sees an open door that leads.
However   he hears Punish.
When he gets back.
Billy steps and slams his axe into Barnes  stomach.
Billy starts walking.
One sees him and lets him in against Mother Superior s orders to keep him out.
She knows Billy will kill her for abusing him.
She then tells the children.
Billy is about to kill Mother Superior.
There is no Santa Claus.
Billy frowns  says Naughty.
Sister Margaret is sad to see Billy die.
He killed many people.
Billy says  You re safe.
He passes.
Now  Santa Claus  is gone.
Billy s little brother Ricky   looks down  then slowly looks up with a cold stare towards Mother Superior and bitterly says  Naughty.
Who watched Billy die.
<EOS>
Scouting out a new home  Hubie calls.
Who begins to gaze before Hubie slaps Bertie to make him realize that before they can move in  the cat Claude  who has an award for Best Mouser - 1948 along with other mouser awards -RRB-  must be removed first.
Realizing  Hubie comes up.
The task may not be easy.
To chase Claude out.
Of which are designed to drive him crazy  having Bertie do each.
First  Hubie lowers Bertie down the chimney.
Bertie grabs a piece of wood  smacks Claude in the head with it  and is then quickly yanked back up the chimney.
Bertie is lowered again  pumping air.
When Claude just goes back to sleep  unable to figure out what happens.
The pump is released  Claude ends up flying all  hitting all of the walls and ceiling before landing hard on the pillow.
Which he was resting.
Claude then takes the bottle and tosses it out the window then he mutters.
He had hidden.
Hubie lowers Bertie and a dog in a doghouse down the chimney.
Bertie pulls.
The dog is sleeping.
It snaps back  but not before Bertie is pulled back up the chimney.
Seeing only Claude  the dog viciously beats up Claude  with the doghouse then yanked up the chimney.
Completely nerve-wracked  Claude then runs to the bathroom to take a dose of nerve tonic.
Bertie then inserts a lit firecracker.
Claude is.
Blows up not after he returns.
Claude then nervously gulps down the remainder.
Next  Bertie returns down the chimney and runs a piece throughout the house  out of it into a water catch drain  down a ladder  and then back into the house  with the other end of the string attached to a rock on top of the chimney.
Hubie tosses the rock.
Bertie ties the end to Claude s tail.
Sends Claude flying  and eventually slamming him into a trash can lid  which begins to drive Claude crazy.
Claude then reads Psychology by Sigmund Fried for advice on dealing with.
What Claude thinks are bad dreams.
Bertie places earmuffs.
When Claude falls asleep.
Hubie and Bertie work.
He sees this and thinks.
When Claude wakes up.
He is up to what he thinks is the floor.
Claude is surprised  only to open it and see it rise.
When he grabs a bottle.
Claude then becomes confused.
When he enters.
Further driving Claude mad is.
When he looks out one window where an illusion is given to make Claude think he is upside down  and then looks out another to make him think he is sideways  and then out a third to make him believe that the house is.
Finally broken  Claude runs  screaming  and hiding into a nearby tree.
Having accomplished their mission  Hubie and Bertie return down the fireplace.
Roast cheese fades out.
<EOS>
Incompetent Dr Benjamin Twist is dismissed at St.
Michaels  School  and applies.
Going  he is called into another office.
Where they are expecting John Benjamin  a strict prison governor recently arrived.
What Twist believes is the school.
On arrival is mistaken.
Who had escaped.
Designated Convict 99 and is soon discovered to be the new Prison Governor  and once put in his rightful place embarks on a programme to make the prison a more friendly place for the prisoners  funding it from the proceeds of a football pools win and stock market investments.
Things take a turn.
When the recaptured Slessor  aided  escapes again with a signed cheque.
Altering the figures  he draws the entire prison funds.
Twist and some head in a prison van to Limehouse  in east London  to catch Slessor  recover the lost funds and then successfully break into the bank in the middle of the night to return the money.
<EOS>
Jeannie McLean is Scottish girl.
Who finds that she has received an inheritance.
The film follows her adventures.
<EOS>
Rachel Lapp  a young Amish widow  and her 8-year-old son Samuel are traveling to visit Rachel s sister.
Samuel inadvertently sees two men brutally murder a third.
Captain John Book is the policeman assigned.
Samuel witnessed the murder  a slashing  and escaped the killers  detection by hiding in a stall.
Book and his partner  Sergeant Eldon Carter  question Samuel.
He is unable to identify the perpetrator  but notices a newspaper clipping at the police station with a picture of highly regarded narcotics officer James McFee and recognizes him as one of the killers.
Book remembers.
McFee was previously responsible where evidence had mysteriously disappeared from the police department.
Book confides his suspicions.
Who advises Book to keep the case secret so they can work out how to move forward.
He is confronted in a parking garage and badly wounded in the ensuing gunfight before McFee escapes.
Book returns home.
Book realizes and is also corrupt.
Only Schaeffer had been told.
Schaeffer must have warned McFee.
Book calls Carter and orders him to remove the Lapp file.
Book then hides his Dodge and uses his sister s VW to return Rachel and Samuel.
Book collapses from loss of blood in his vehicle in front of the Lapp farm.
Impressing  Book is gradually tended back to health by the Amish.
Hospitalization will allow the corrupt officers to find him.
He begins to develop feelings for Rachel.
The Lapps  neighbor  Daniel Hochleitner had himself hoped to court her.
This becomes a cause.
Later Rachel and John are caught dancing -- an affront.
Rachel s father-in-law  Eli  takes her aside and warns.
If she continues she could be shunned.
Rachel   feels.
She has done nothing wrong.
The corrupt officers intensify their efforts to find Book.
Who is informed that Carter has been killed.
Hochleitner and the other Amish men are harassed.
Breaking  Book retaliates.
The fight gets noticed and is reported to the police.
The news reaches Schaeffer.
John subsequently comes.
She bathes.
She stands half-naked before him.
He walks away.
The two realize.
They are.
Book knows.
The fight has gotten.
He must leave.
Upset  Rachel removes her bonnet.
She and John run  embracing with a passionate kiss.
McFee  Schaeffer  and Fergie Ferguson  the second killer  arrive at the Lapp farm with pump action shotguns.
Book  unarmed and with Samuel  orders Samuel to run to the neighbors for safety.
The trio split up and search.
John tricks Fergie and suffocates him under tons of corn.
He retrieves Fergie s shotgun and kills McFee.
A crazed Schaeffer then forces Rachel and Eli out  Eli signs to Samuel to ring the warning bell.
The loud clanging summons all other Amish.
Schaeffer briefly forces Book to surrender.
It is clear to Schaeffer.
He can not escape.
He gives up.
Book prepares to leave  he shares a quiet moment  then exchanges a silent  loving gaze with Rachel.
Eli bids Book goodbye to Philadelphia  saying You be careful out among the English -LSB- i.
E. 
Non-Amish -RSB-   and showing Book.
He had said at the beginning of the film.
He now respects him.
He passes Hochleitner  presumably.
Book drives away.
Exchanges an amicable wave.
<EOS>
Nero portarys Tom Corbett  a prospector called back by a family friend.
Tom finds it under the control of a powerful  corrupt family.
Tom sets out to challenge the family and free the town from their rule.
<EOS>
Polly Dean gives up a privileged life and moves to a working-class community in Battersea.
Where she takes a job.
She becomes friends and forms a relationship with a working-class boy.
Who envies her access and is frustrated by her denial of it.
She decides to have an illegal abortion.
When Polly s friend becomes pregnant.
Tragedy hits.
When a motorcycle accident kills one.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Jayakrishnan is the son.
Who is averse.
Jayakrishnan  a Jawaharlal Nehru University product  do nt like.
Who believes.
The way politics is practised and had once left the state disheartened.
He is presently working in Agra as a guide.
But now he is back and is in love with Radhika.
Who happens to be the daughter.
Jayakrishnan s political views and this love affair leads to direct confrontation.
Jayakrishnan   is given high security because of being the son of the party secretary  but is physically attacked by the opposite group on the very day of his arrival.
Result. 
This flare up the fights.
Jayakrishnan finds his social sensibilities awakened.
He comes up.
Leads. 
Followers to the New Communist turn up in thousands.
Jayakrishnan faces stringent opposition as well.
Jayakrishnan also opens up his development agenda.
The movement gain detractors and supporters with his pages in Facebook and Twitter getting tons of hits.
He starts to support the fabric corridor project proposed.
The Party stringently fights it.
Jayakrishnan offers it all support.
<EOS>
Four persons try to get to the centre of the world by entering into a world of caves by a volcano.
They discover  among other things  prehistoric animals such as dinosaurs.
<EOS>
Jaidev is an accomplished hitman.
He is the most trusted aid.
Who is the supreme Don.
Jaidev Remains Loyal as he helped in seeking revenge with the people.
Who raped his mother and sister when he came after his Father Death.
They share a business rivalry.
Who aims to overthrow Bhagawan.
Things are smooth.
Bhagwan s son Munna returns back.
He is a psychotic and highly impulsive character.
His behaviour creates problems.
He has his eyes.
She rejects him.
She adores Jaidev.
Jaidev meanwhile comes.
Who is a soft spoken environmentalist and tree lover.
A mutual admiration leads to a romantic involvement between the two.
Munna meanwhile  continues to go crazy ensues.
Munna  jealous and frustrated  Brutally Murders Her.
Jaidev kills Munna by throwing him up from his flat.
This scene is seen.
Who is an informer to Kulkarni.
He reports this to Bhagavan to get rid.
Jaidev is forced to decide.
Whether to retaliate or leave Kolkata completely.
He chooses to leave out to Bhagawan and heads to Palasa  the village of Sandhya.
Where Sandhya s Brother Ashok is a Valiant and Kind Hearted Cop.
He comes.
I.
Paparayudu and he solves the problems by cleverly using Paparayudu.
Remembers life.
When he comes where his mother was raped and killed by three men who Jai kills with the support of bhagawan and that s the first time he took the gun in his hand and for this is gives his whole life to bhagawan.
Bhagawan  can not rest.
He seeks out Jai.
Firstly Bhagavan Kills Chotu the best friend and associate by wrapping a polythene bag making him succumb due to failure in breathing.
Mean kidnapped.
Sandhya gets.
She is sent.
Jaidev returns back to Kolkata and starts spreading Claws on his Rivals.
He gets with a heavy Ammunation and kills everyone except Kulkarni.
Jaidev gives a word that he would not Kill him.
Kulkarni dies.
Later Jaidev kills Guruvayya.
He gets information that Guruvayya was responsible.
Who actually kidnapped Sandhya.
Jaidev shoots Bhagavan in his chest as Bhagavn shoots Sandhya.
Order to kill her.
The Climax is Shown.
Jaidev unites.
E. 
Sandhya and they both start a new and happy life.
<EOS>
Flashbacks  told and represented by black-and-white throughout the film  show Derek s transformation into a vengeful white supremacist in Venice Beach and then his turning away from his bigoted beliefs as well as other experiences while in prison.
The following plot summary is described in chronological order.
Having already been influenced  Derek is driven to action.
When his father is shot and killed.
Eventually Derek becomes second-in-command gang  The D.
O.
C.
And entices young whites to join.
The gang commits acts  such as damaging a store employing illegal Mexican immigrants.
Is owned to win the court as turf.
These incidents go unnoticed.
Derek has an argument  and throws Murray out of the house.
Later that night   Danny informs Derek.
Derek is having sex.
Three Crips members are attempting to steal Derek s truck  left by his father.
Derek runs outside and shoots  killing the first one instantly.
He shoots and wounds the second man  one  and vows to teach him a lesson for trying to steal the truck.
His father gave him.
He forces him to put his mouth  then brutally kills him by stomping on the back of his head  crushing his mouth against the curb.
Danny watches.
This unfolds.
The police arrest Derek.
He smiles.
Derek is sentenced to three years at the California Institution for Men in Chino.
The 25-minute black-and-white flashback begins  Danny later notes.
If he had testified  he would have been given a life sentence.
He joins the Aryan Brotherhood prison gang.
He becomes disillusioned with the gang  especially over the group s friendly dealings with a Mexican prison gang member  and their trafficking in narcotics.
He is first ignored and then reprimanded.
When he voices these opinions.
Derek also develops a friendly rapport.
Who works in the prison laundry.
His fellow neo-Nazis take notice and savagely beat and rape him in the shower.
Derek is visited Dr Bob Sweeney.
Still recovering.
Whom he asks to be paroled.
He had always maintained a level for his black former teacher.
Derek became an anti-Semitic.
Sweeney informs him.
He is.
Sweeney confides.
He used to hate white people.
He realized.
Racism is pointless.
Sweeney asserts  Has anything made your life better.
Derek has spent his life pursuing answers  and then asks.
You ve done.
Lamont emerges  and is part of the reason not to attack Derek.
Derek stays alive as he uses what influence he has to persuade a contingent.
The morning Derek is due to be released  Danny s history teacher  Murray  reports Danny to the now-principal Dr Sweeney on account of Danny s history paper on Mein Kampf.
Dr Sweeney convinces Murray to give him another chance.
Dr Sweeney tells Danny a class.
He will no longer attend Murray s class.
They will call American History X.
Dr Sweeney asks Danny to write a new paper on the events leading up to Derek s incarceration.
Danny reluctantly agrees.
Sweeney threatens expulsion.
He finds.
When Derek returns home.
Danny has a D.
O.
C.
Tattoo and then tries and fails to persuade him to leave the gang.
Later that night.
Derek and Danny are both attending.
He will no longer associate and tells him to Stay away from me.
Which point Cameron provokes and insults Derek.
Derek beats him up.
Finally  kicks him.
Knocks him unconscious.
Derek s neo-Nazi friend Seth Ryan runs after Derek and aims a pistol at him   and points at the angry crowd before running away from the party.
Derek wrestles.
Danny angrily confronts Derek.
Who tells him.
The confession seems to prompt a change.
Back they remove all the Nazi and white power posters from their bedroom walls.
The following morning Danny finishes his paper.
Derek gets ready.
Derek walks Danny before his meeting.
They stop at a cafe.
Where they are met.
They tell Derek and have been hospitalized.
Cameron and Seth were attacked the previous night.
Derek claims no knowledge  yet they ask him for help.
Derek reluctantly agrees.
He is confronted by a young black student named Little Henry.
Danny uses the urinal.
Whom he had a confrontation the previous day.
The student pulls out a gun and shoots Danny  killing him.
He runs and tearfully cradles his dead brother in his arms.
When Derek arrives.
The film ends.
Which he quotes the conclusion.
We must not be enemies.
It must not break our bonds.
Passion may have strained.
The mystic chords will swell.
When again touched  as surely they will be  of our nature.
<EOS>
Dara Maren is a DEA agent.
Who gets dragged in an attempt to protect her younger brother who has gotten himself in way over his head.
She ends up shooting and killing an undercover ATF agent and is arrested.
She s convicted and incarcerated.
Where the prison officials harvest organs.
Dara s brother is murdered by a drug lord.
Who s also using human spinal fluid drained.
The catch is.
Her get-out-of-jail-free card has a 60-hour deadline  after which she must return to serve out her 20-year prison sentence  or the FBI agent who got her released must take her place.
<EOS>
Six teenagers find themselves being hunted by mutant giant birds infected with a mysterious virus.
Changed the birds.
Porky is the first to be injured.
The teens devise a plan to escape.
The birds follow.
When the teens flee.
Ava finds a walkie talkie and gets with park ranger Garrett  asking for rescue.
The group flees the fort.
Porky is eaten alive.
Garrett and Jacqueline head out to save the teenagers.
Derrick is attacked by a bird but escapes.
The group continues north and discovers a house.
They check the nearby shed.
Is a meat locker.
Derrick s infection begins ravaging his body.
Johnson plans to shoot him.
He s a liability.
Garret and Jacqueline pinpoint the teens  location  but ca nt reach them.
The birds are outside.
The group makes.
A run shed.
Lola and Ava throw out some meat to catch the birds  attention.
The birds are nt taking it  they like fresh meat.
Derrick hobbles out and offers himself.
They attack and eat him alive.
The group finally meets Garrett and Jacqueline and load.
The birds attack the car.
Garrett loses control  flipping the car over.
Everyone takes shelter.
They return.
Is leaking gas.
They make a plan to blow up the birds using explosives.
Johnson wants to be the bait to lure the birds.
Ava pauses  looking back.
They all flee.
Who says he ll make it.
The birds block Johnson s escape route.
He shoots the explosive  sending the building.
The group leaves  remembering Johnson.
<EOS>
Chester Kent replaces  short live stage productions presented.
His failing career musicals with a new one as the creator of musical numbers called prologues.
The main feature is shown.
He faces pressure to constantly create a large number of marketable prologues to service theaters throughout the country.
His job is made harder.
Who is stealing his ideas  probably from someone working inside his company.
Kent is so overwhemed.
He does nt that realize his secretary  Nan  has fallen with him  and is doing her best to protect him.
Kent s business partners announce.
They have a big deal.
Getting the contract depends.
Kent locks himself and his staff to prevent espionage leaks.
They choreograph and rehearse the three production numbers.
Kent then stages Honeymoon Hotel   featuring the famous ` Human Waterfall   and Shanghai Lil  featuring Cagney and Ruby Keeler dancing together.
<EOS>
The plot concerns a gangster bird.
Who sings the title song and likes to prove his toughness.
The hoodlum spots the Birdville Bank.
Where he hangs out.
The avian police capture him by shooting the floor out from the birdhouse.
He uses  leaving him to sing I m Just a Jailbird Now from his jail cell.
<EOS>
The plot follows the career.
He is sent down for placing a chamber pot on the Martyrs  Memorial.
Sent  he rebels against plantation life  eventually becoming a car racing driver.
He descends.
Causes the death.
The plot diverges by having him redeem himself by a hero s death in World War II.
<EOS>
Hey  Stop Stabbing Me.
Herman finds life a lot harder.
He thought.
He needs to find a place.
The first two are solved surprisingly easy.
When he unknowingly moves with a serial killer to fill one of the many vacancies and then gets a job as a World Historian which mainly consists of digging holes in an empty field.
Throw stealing monster for good measure and wackiness ensues.
<EOS>
Boy follows the title character across Japan.
He is forced to participate to support his dysfunctional family.
The boy Toshio s father is an abusive  lazy veteran.
Who forces his wife  the boy s stepmother  to feign being hit to shake down the guilty motorists.
Toshio is enlisted.
When his wife is unable to perform the scam.
The boy s confused perspective are vividly captured in precisely edited sequences.
The boy tries to escape  either by running away on trains  or by retreating into a sci-fi fantasy.
He has constructed.
Finally   the law finally catches up.
When the little brother unwittingly causes a fatal car accident.
Toshio tries to help his family elude capture.
Traumatized. 
<EOS>
Archibald Asparagus joins Bob the Tomato and Larry the Cucumber.
He and Larry have received a text message.
Pushing the frail and helpless tomato  they present the story of LarryBoy and the Bad Apple.
Bumblyburg is preparing to celebrate its 300th birthday.
The story begins.
However  there is one concern.
Has appeared.
LarryBoy is back to the Larry-Cave  snacking on Recess Peanut Butter Cups.
The townspeople fret and prepare.
Alfred reminds him.
Eating too much chocolate will make him ill and compromise his abilities.
Back  LarryBoy becomes sick and admits.
He ca nt control his chocolate addiction.
He begins an exercise regimen.
Aims to limit the chocolate.
Meanwhile  a mysterious villain apple named.
The Bad Apple is formulating a plan to derail the city s celebration.
Her strategy is to enslave everyone  allowing her to take over the city of Bumblyburg.
Everybody is incapacitated.
She tasks her sidekick  Curly the Worm   Mayor Blueberry  Reporter Petunia  and LarryBoy.
She believes that eliminating these three will cripple the city s leadership  communication  and law enforcement.
She begins.
Whose weakness is vanity.
Bad Apple preys by convincing her and spins a web.
It is her duty to look her best.
Which she claims there are countless beautiful things to improve the mayor s appearance.
Her vanity validated  the Mayor steps.
Next  she pays a visit.
Whose weakness is playing video games.
Petunia realizes her important role  but admits.
She could use a break.
Bad Apple spins.
Another trap  this one containing a test version  unreleased video game system.
Unable to resist the temptation  Petunia steps.
Meanwhile  back  Alfred has discovered.
The mysterious webs have plagued Bumblyburg before.
He learns.
An apple named Ephraim Apply tried to ensnare the settlers with diversions at an establishment called Apply s Funhouse.
The people succumbed.
The town suffered.
Obadiah Bumbly arrived to liberate the people and banish Ephraim Apply forever.
The Bad Apple pays a visit  and  having learned of his weakness for chocolate  uses it to gain entrance to the.
Little  she dampens his resolve.
He too falls.
She easily breaks Alfred upon his return  ensnaring him by the television in front of his favorite cartoon.
The Bad Apple proceeds to the town square to fulfill her great-uncle Ephraim s destiny  opening up the new and improved Apply s Funhouse II.
She and Curly begin to lure the helpless citizens.
Alfred and LarryBoy realize.
They need each other s help to fight the temptation.
Working together  they dissolve the webs  then quickly set out to rescue Mayor Blueberry and Petunia.
They then all rush to fight temptation together.
The funhouse topples and nearly crushes a mother and her baby.
LarryBoy fights the Bad Apple.
LarryBoy saves them and all by  flinging the funhouse  along with the Bad Apple and Curly  out of the square and out of the city.
The lessons learned.
Are reviewed  that giving into temptation prevents us from being the people God wants us to be  and that we ca nt always fight temptation alone.
Bob makes an unexpected appearance.
The show wraps up.
<EOS>
Newlywed American heiress.
Kit Preston is living on Grosvenor Square in London.
Returning home  she is startled by an eerie  electronic-like voice threatening to kill her within the month.
The voice calls her and torments her.
She runs to escape.
Tony tries to convince her she has been the victim and suggests they travel to Venice for the honeymoon.
They never had.
The next day  business matters force Tony to cancel a lunch date at the last minute.
She shows him recent purchases.
Interests Tony.
A falling girder adjacent to her building nearly hits her.
She returns home.
She is pushed to safety.
Who startles her when he addresses her.
Encounters Malcolm Stanley  her maid Nora s shiftless son.
Whose unctuous behavior annoys her.
She receives a call  repeating his intention to kill her.
After he leaves.
Neighbor Peggy Thompson urges Tony to take Kit to discuss the situation.
Inspector Byrnes tells Tony.
He suspects that Kit is merely a lonely wife.
Meanwhile  Kit s Aunt Bea arrives.
They both put it down.
When Kit tells her.
Tony must cancel the trip due to continuing problems at work.
Kit receives another call.
She hysterically hangs up.
Tony can take the phone to hear the voice.
That evening  Tony and Kit meet Aunt Bea and her former beau Charles Manning.
Where Aunt Bea questions Tony.
Bea wonders  Kit received the last call.
When Tony repeats the inspector s suspicions.
He may be right.
The Italy trip was cancelled.
The next day  Kit is trapped.
When the power goes out.
She panics.
When she hears footsteps ominously approaching  and is relieved to discover that it s Brian  who was on her way to warn her that his crew has blown a circuit.
Brian escorts the visibly-shaken Kit.
When the electricity comes back.
He relates an experience.
He had.
He tells her he has suffered blackouts and once lost a whole day.
Kit  disturbed  returns home.
The pub owner asks Brian.
She should include last night s phone charges.
He seems.
A bit startled but tells her to include them.
Kit  Tony  and Aunt Bea has been embezzled.
Are when Tony s assistant Daniel Graham calls him away to tell him.
It appears # 1 million.
Daniel knows.
Company treasurer Manning has large gambling debts and suggests he is responsible.
Meanwhile  Malcolm confronts Kit and asks for money.
He vaguely threatens her.
When she hesitates.
Kit becomes increasingly paranoid.
Her reports are met with scepticism by everybody.
She sees the man.
She claimed had come.
Soon she s pushed.
Kit frantically begs Peggy to lie.
She heard the voice.
The plan backfires  Tony reveals.
Their phone has been.
Now certain  Tony and Bea take her.
Kit is delusional.
Who suggests that she may be suffering and that they should take her to a psychiatrist.
Tony decides to take Kit to Venice immediately and asks Bea to help her pack.
He attends a board meeting.
Having dinner  Brian sees a very ill-at-ease-looking man.
The pub owner tells him.
The man has recently been hanging.
The phone rings and he hears the voice.
Tony leaves.
He calls Inspector Byrnes and asks him to come  then tells Kit.
He will pretend to leave the building and secretly return  hopefully to catch her stalker.
As soon he is coming to kill Kit.
Tony leaves  the caller phones to announce.
Tony returns.
They turn off all the lights.
The voice calls to Kit  telling her.
He s there to kill her.
A man is seen at the terrace doors.
Tony tackles him   the gun goes off and hits the intruder.
They struggle.
Wondering  Kit starts to call them.
Scotland Yard is taking so long.
Tony stops her and confesses.
He never called them.
He soon will.
She s been thrown and killed fighting off the intruder.
He explains his plan to kill her and make her death appear a suicide  then he would collect her inheritance and repay the money.
She was driven to.
He stole.
But the intruder has changed the plan  Tony now has to come down the stairs to kill the intruder.
The intruder has killed Kit.
Just then Peggy enters the apartment.
Kit asks.
But Tony explains.
Peggy has actually been helping him -- and pushing her at the bus stop.
He turns out to be Peggy s husband Roy.
When the gunman regains consciousness.
Who had planned after learning of their affair.
Kit works her way out into the construction site gliding across girders.
Tony and Peggy deal.
Brian and a policeman see her and shine a light  stopping Tony from following and throwing her off.
He helps her.
When Brian reaches her.
Where Aunt Bea waits.
He reveals.
When Inspector Byrnes arrives.
He had tapped Kit s phone and knew she was when Tony pretended to call the police.
Brian and Aunt Bea comfort Kit her husband and his mistress.
<EOS>
The movie tells the highly-fictionalized story  a flamboyant Governor of Louisiana  brother of assassinated governor and U.
S.
Senator Huey P.
Long and uncle.
S.
Senator Russell Long.
Earl Long allegedly fell in love with a young stripper named Blaze Starr.
<EOS>
The film follows the true story.
Who helped develop the breast cancer drug Herceptin  from 1988 to.
Dr Slamon is a research doctor.
Where he has developed the experimental drug Herceptin  which he believes will become a treatment.
However   philanthropists  help him continue tests of the drug.
When the drug company stops funding.
Funding was done  and continued over the years with the Fire and Ice Ball organized by Tartikoff.
Eventually the drug company funds.
The research and the drug goes before gaining approval from the FDA.
The drug has a mouse trial  with Nicole  a young mother with stage 4 cancer  receiving the drug first.
Nicole is not included.
Her mother Elizabeth pleads.
She does not meet the protocols.
The women band together.
They handle their disease and drug trial  -- Tina.
The stories are followed throughout.
They go.
Some patients involved die.
Ultimately Slamon s work changes the course of breast cancer treatment.
<EOS>
ACP Arjun Singh and his brother-in-law  Tayaji are.
Are devastated.
When Tayaji is killed.
His wife Rukmani  daughter Kajal and son Rahul are shattered.
Soon Arjun is fearful.
The same person that killed his brother-in-law will come.
His new partner  Karan Singh is quite controversial and can at times break the rules.
Arjun is also angered.
His daughter has developed a crush.
Soon the city is being terrorized.
The two officers have to work together to capture and stop them.
<EOS>
The story is about two different classes  Shaan belongs.
Reema is.
The film portrayed the difficulties.
<EOS>
Stephen and his daughter Justine run.
The father and daughter stay.
Stephen s girlfriend Marta arrives.
Short while after they get there.
A laptop sitting turns on  revealing continuous emails to Stephen from Michelle.
Stephen and Marta are about to get intimate.
Marta ends up hitting the laptop.
Stephen picks up the laptop and sends an e-mail  causing her to appear at the cabin.
Everyone is asleep.
Michelle kills Marta.
Stephen and Justine escape.
They are stopped.
Who commands Stephen to take him to a computer supply store and find a processor for him.
The man plans to find a solution for the world.
The man gives him red tape.
Stephen completes this.
Stephen and Justine keep driving.
They stop.
Where Stephen covers the car.
He and Justine fall asleep.
Stephen wakes up.
He manages to get Justine back.
She touches her mother s ghost.
They race back.
The next day  Stephen peeks and sees a bus destined to a refugee camp.
Where wireless computer signals can not reach.
He and Justine get off.
He tells her to run straight.
Michelle appears.
They are about to reach it.
Stephen convinces his daughter.
She should get and sacrifices himself to Michelle  saying that if she did not want to be lonely  she should take him and not their daughter.
She backs off and disappears.
She is about to touch his face.
Stephen is relieved and thanks her.
Marta s ghost clings and takes his soul.
Marta then backs off.
Michelle is shown standing there smiling.
Justine is safely unscathed.
<EOS>
The National Film Board is sponsoring a movie festival.
Ida Lucas is a nine year old girl.
Who decides to make a movie  and enter it into the festival.
The judges  thinking  accept Ida s film.
The film is.
<EOS>
Grace Durland is a young debutante.
Who is forced to leave college when her father goes bankrupt.
She falls with Ward Trenton.
Working. 
The reaction is very negative.
She reveals her love.
Ward s evil wife refuses to grant him a divorce.
This changes.
When he suffers a car accident.
<EOS>
The gang play baseball.
They are run off.
They then get quarantined and wreak the usual havoc.
<EOS>
A flock is flying south.
Tom sees them.
He fires several shots and shoots a duckling in the arm.
The duckling cries out and tries to catch up with his family on one wing.
This attempt fails to succeed.
The duckling slowly falls out and down to earth as Tom prepares to catch him.
The duckling ends up sliding  hits a rock  and bounces down.
Where he is knocked out.
Jerry hears the racket  opens his door  and is terrified to discover the duck laying lifelessly and chasing after him.
Jerry just manages to hide the duckling  then the cat runs away to look somewhere else.
Tom shows up.
Jerry listens and discovers.
The duckling is alive.
Jerry splashes the duck.
The duckling immediately wakes up.
He begs not to be shot.
He explains his situation and clutches his arm.
When he sees that Jerry has saved him.
Jerry straightens and makes a makeshift sling for it.
The duckling cries out  but soon sees the sling and compliments the mouse on his abilities as a doctor.
Jerry shushes the duck.
He sees Tom outside.
The ducks are then heard quacking  Tom perks up.
When he sees the opportunity to shoot another duck down.
This sound also attracts the duckling   knocking over Tom.
Who bids Jerry goodbye and tries to join his flock.
The duckling can not get off the ground.
Soon Tom starts to shoot.
Tom corners the duck  and just a bullet in his feathers  Jerry sticks a reed up Tom s gun such.
It backfires and leaves Tom.
Jerry carries the duckling back.
Soon the duckling hears the ducks again and runs out.
To meet Tom s gun again.
Tom s shots barely graze.
The duckling s rear and Jerry is forced to patch him up.
Tom imitates a duck sound.
The duckling mows.
Order to get out.
Then does nt see anything.
Tom pins the gun.
The duckling barely dodges the point-blank bullet.
Tom follows the duck into a tree stump.
He fires a shot  hitting the duck again.
Tom then pursues the duckling again  but accidentally shoots a pig s bottom.
The pig lets out aloud squeal and leaps high into the air.
Tom looks up.
The massive pig falls too quickly and has flattened him.
He can react.
She then runs away.
The duckling passes.
Jerry pulls him.
Less is now visible.
Jerry ties the duck to keep him from running away.
Tom stealthily crawls to Jerry s hole and uses his caller again.
The duckling obligingly comes out  taking the anvil.
The anvil flattens him.
When the duck runs.
Tom fires shots.
The anvil drags.
The duckling grips swings around and hits Tom  molding him into a stool shape.
The duckling suddenly stops.
When the anvil gets stuck.
Tom sees his chance to kill the duck and crashes sending him flying backwards into a water pump.
When the anvil bursts free.
The duckling then succeeds  but is held down by the weight of the anvil.
Tom shoots  but instead breaks the rope.
The duckling can not go anywhere.
The anvil plummets downwards directly  Tom panics and runs back and forth.
Where Tom is standing.
The anvil follows him.
He sees  it squishes and kills him and falls.
There is no way out so he digs his grave and smokes his last cigarette.
The anvil becomes Tom s tombstone.
The duckling shakes off his bandages and flies away  bidding farewell to Jerry.
Who holds Tom s duck whistle.
<EOS>
Divorce  Not is the story of an 8-year-old boy.
Who files from his parents.
<EOS>
Deadwood Dick  a masked and mysterious hero  is.
He is.
Who leads a violent  renegade band which is infamous for its violence wishes for a statehood status.
Our hero soon discovers.
The Skull terrorises the town to prevent statehood being achieved  in order to build his own empire.
But Dick suspects.
One might be responsible for the string of criminal acts.
It takes him fifteen episodes and.
<EOS>
A teenager is brought up.
The teen  Craig Fowler  develops a habit.
<EOS>
A 36-foot-gorilla escapes off the coast of Korea.
The ape reaches land and destroys several buildings before finding and kidnapping an American actress named Marilyn.
<EOS>
Char Sau Bees means.
Refers. 
This movie is the story.
Dhanya Mary Varghese plays the female lead.
Director Major Ravi appears.
<EOS>
Kitty Foyle  a saleswoman  faces a life-changing decision  marry doctor Mark Eisen  or run away to South America with the man she has been in love with for years  the already-married Wyn Strafford.
The film flashes back.
She wrestles.
Kitty gawks at the city s elite Main Liners.
They attend their annual Assembly ball.
Her father warns her.
Ironically  Kitty meets the embodiment  Wynnewood Strafford VI.
Wyn offers her a secretarial job.
The two fall deeply.
He does not have the will to defy his social class s strictures.
When the magazine folds.
Kitty goes to work in New York for Delphine.
One day  she presses the burglar alarm button at Delphine s fashion store.
She pretends to faint to cover her blunder  and is attended to.
Mark  aware  playfully blackmails her.
She is faking it.
Wyn finally breaks down and comes.
The two wed  but agree.
The only way the marriage can work is if they do not live.
She gets a chilly reception.
When he introduces her.
She also learns.
Wyn would be disinherited and left penniless if he does not remain and work in the family banking business.
She realizes.
Though Wyn is willing to try  he is not strong enough to deal.
She walks out.
They are divorced.
Kitty returns.
Where she learns that she is pregnant.
Her hopes.
When Wyn arranges to meet her.
A reconciliation are raised  only to be dashed when she sees a newspaper announcement to someone of his own class.
She leaves.
She receives a further blow.
When the baby dies.
Several years later  Kitty reluctantly agrees to open a Philadelphia branch store.
She waits on Wyn s wife and meets their son.
She takes the opportunity to entrust the secret return to the boy.
The film returns.
She decides to marry Mark.
<EOS>
Tomka is a boy.
Who likes playing football.
The German soldiers establish their camp.
When the German army captures his town.
Tomka organizes sabotage actions against the soldiers.
<EOS>
La fonte des neiges is about a few days.
When a twelve year old child is forced to follow his mother.
He responds by wearing extra clothes.
He slowly becomes more relaxed and is revealed as a responsible and gentle person.
<EOS>
Chandini sees her father Krishnadasaraghavan  Mayor  but manages to escape from them and comes to Ooty.
The needle falls on Royichan and friend Appachan.
So they shift to Ooty to escape.
Meanwhile  Balu and Ponnappan sees a lost child information and goes to ooty expecting her parents to give them lots.
Nischal captivated is also in Ooty trying to impress her.
Meanwhile Chandini goes missing.
Rest is.
Joji gets involved and the way he leads the team to trace and save Chandini.
<EOS>
Tom and Jerry are playing a paddle-string ball.
When the doorbell buzzes.
Mammy Two Shoes answers the door.
Tom and Jerry hide.
Mammy has adopted three little fluffy kittens.
Mammy calls Tom.
The trio reveal their true colors and prepare to attack her using a lit match placed  a firework placed in the bow of her apron and a slingshot aimed directly at her ample backside.
The maid turns her back.
They hide the paraphernalia.
They can pull it off.
Mammy turns around.
Tom is.
Mammy tells Tom.
He is to take care while she runs an errand.
The kittens take the slingshot  match and firework  attack Tom  and make it look.
When Tom turns his back.
They were the ones attacked.
Mammy  having been fooled  slaps Tom with a broom.
She issues an ultimatum.
If Tom is nt a good care-provider  she will pulverize him to pieces.
Mammy then leaves.
Tom makes sure.
She s gone.
They play good.
Muff and Fluff put Tom and slam him into the upper half of a 2-section door  which Puff.
Closes and smacks Tom flat.
Jerry pokes his head out.
The cats hide.
They point.
Tom sees he s been fooled.
Tom pulls all the cats out.
They continue to let themselves be pulled out until Muff substitutes Tom s tail for himself.
Tom flips over and hits his head.
Jerry watches and laughs  but hides.
When Tom comes along and shows himself.
He directs them.
The three kittens surround him and make evil faces.
Jerry laughs.
What they did before he realizes they want to catch him and gulps.
He dives and is followed by all three kittens.
Jerry leads the way.
Muff holds him.
He lets go and flattens him over a grate in the floor  making Jerry look like a waffle.
Puff blocks Jerry s entry and then lets him through such.
Tom watches the chase.
He is caught by Fluff  which shapes him into a hot dog.
Muff stuffs him.
Puff slaps mustard and bites into it  but Jerry escapes out a window.
Tom laughs.
Fluff aims an umbrella.
The three cats are chased.
They stop him and slam him.
Puff and Muff revive him and offer a handshake.
Tom gladly obliges.
His third handshake is  it s not his hand.
A window curtain.
Tom is thrown.
Then  Tom and Jerry team up to get revenge for good.
Tom has the serving cart  loaded with three pies and a watermelon.
Next Jerry lures the kittens and then spitting it in the kittens  faces.
The kittens get annoyed and start to chase Jerry.
Then  Tom cut.
The string and his cart slides down.
Tom and Jerry and chase The kittens all.
The chased team hide themselves  then Jerry whistles and the three get pied.
Then Tom flies out and turns around to enter through the other side.
The kittens chase Jerry.
Tom returns and throws the watermelon at them  causing Fluff to swallow it.
Tom scoops up the kittens.
He drops them down.
Jerry prepares a carpet beater  spanks each on the fanny and twirls the clothesline.
Then Tom got off the cart to make angel wings and puts them on the kittens as a final humiliation.
Then Mammy returns.
She looks  but hears and angel wings on their backs.
Some smacks and sees red fannies.
If to say  Here are your little angels.
<EOS>
Tom   becomes the subject.
Who suffers.
To treat his disease  his doctor decides to inject him a part.
But  more sinister changes gradually begin to manifest themselves  slowly transforming Tom.
The feline injections have restored his health.
The movie was shot.
<EOS>
The film starts.
We see Bud saying something.
She leaves.
We do not hear.
He puts her and drives off.
They stop.
Leer gets in.
The girl realises.
She has been kidnapped.
Bud starts to have second thoughts  and tries to protect the girl.
When Leer starts getting out.
Bud also has to deal with the head of the operation and Vi.
Who uses drugs and can not be trusted.
Then things start to unravel.
Leer kills all his partners with the ransom  the car going on fire.
But Bud  perhaps anticipating this betrayal gets out early.
Hiding he is able to exact revenge and shoots Leer.
He signals.
All is revealed to be a dream  sparked off by Vi the air hostess.
But then she meets Bud.
<EOS>
Elsa Carlyle   is a compulsive gambler and spendthrift.
Who is overly concerned.
Elsa impulsively places a large bet and immediately is $.
Jeffrey finally convinces her to avoid spending while he makes investments.
Later   she steals this money and invests it in a stock scheme  and promptly loses it as.
When the stock tanks.
Hardy Livingston  a wealthy ladies man  has his eye and finds his chance to trap her into an adulterous affair by giving her the money.
She needs to repay the charity money.
The next day Jeffrey informs her.
His investments have paid off.
They are now fabulously wealthy.
She attempts to repay the money  however he wants sexual favors instead.
She had borrowed.
Elsa says  Livingston hands her a pistol and invites her to do so.
She would rather commit suicide.
He attempts to rape her.
When she does not.
She responds.
A suspicious Jeffrey has followed her and takes the blame.
Livingstone claims and then shot him.
Jeffrey is.
Jeffrey had tried to cheat him out.
To protect Elsa  Jeffrey refuses to deny this  and so Elsa stops the trial.
The brand Livingstone had placed.
The judge drops the charges  Elsa promises again to stop gambling.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Claire Poussin  a young woman  has been having memory loss problems since being struck by lightning.
Whose mother has recently died.
She believes.
She is showing the first signs.
Her sister Nathalie thinks.
The problem is temporary.
Claire seeks help.
Is located.
Christian Licht.
Prof.
Licht is having an affair.
He thinks is hidden  but is nt.
Claire meets Philippe  a noted wine expert.
Who is traumatized.
They fall.
They move  but find.
When both are released.
Their condition severely affects their lives.
Bernard recovers his memory  and is pained.
When he remembers the tragic accident  while Claire s condition becomes worse.
<EOS>
This film is a Cyrano type love story.
A soldier  answers a letter intended.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Who commits suicide.
Angela Bennett is a Venice  California systems analyst.
Who telecommutes.
Her interpersonal relationships are completely online and.
Who is institutionalized.
Bennett s coworker Dale sends her a floppy disk.
Dale and Bennett agree to meet  but his private plane s navigation system malfunctions.
It crashes.
Bennett travels.
Where she meets Jack Devlin.
Devlin pays a mugger to steal Bennett s purse  then shoots the thief.
He seduces Bennett.
She finds his gun and confronts him.
Destroying the disk and hospitalizing her  unconscious.
Fleeing Bennett s dinghy collides with rocks.
She finds  She was checked out  her car is no longer at the LAX parking lot.
When Bennett wakes up.
All records have been deleted.
Her credit cards are invalid.
Bennett s home is empty and listed and   they can not confirm her identity.
None ever saw her.
Bennett s Social Security number is now assigned.
Who has an arrest record.
Another woman has taken her identity  the impostor offers Bennett her old life back in exchange for the disk.
She contacts the only other person.
Who knows her.
He checks her  offers to contact a friend at the FBI  and arranges to have her mother moved for her safety.
Using her knowledge  Bennett logs into the Bethesda Naval Hospital s computers and learns.
Bergstrom  who had opposed Gatekeeper s use  was misdiagnosed.
Fellow hacker Cyberbob identifies   a notorious group of cyberterrorists linked to recent computer failures around the country.
They plan to meet.
The Praetorians intercept their online chat.
Bennett escapes.
The Praetorians kill Champion.
Frees her.
Bennett is arrested a man identifying himself as Champion s FBI friend.
She discovers.
He is an impostor and escapes again.
Now wanted  Bennett travels to Cathedral s office.
Where  using her impostor s computer  she connects the terrorists and uncovers their scheme  once the Praetorians sabotage an organization s computer system  Gregg sells his Gatekeeper product to them and gains unlimited access through the backdoor.
Bennett emails evidence to the FBI from the Moscone Center and tricks Devlin into crashing Gregg s mainframe  undoing the erasing of her identity.
They battle.
Where Devlin accidentally shoots and kills Marx.
Bennett then ambushes Devlin  causing him to fall.
The film closes.
<EOS>
The film is narrated.
Who knows.
Was hidden away.
It begins shortly.
Having traveled  Ambrosinus has then become Romulus s tutor.
A Druid and part gives the impression.
He is a magician.
His magic is usually revealed to be simple trickery.
One surrounds the question of.
Whether or not Ambrosinus has any actual magical abilities or simply an illusionist.
Romulus s father Orestes rules Rome but is not Emperor himself.
Odoacer  commander of the barbarian Goths allied with Rome  demands a third of Italy from Orestes  but is rebuffed.
The same day  Romulus meets.
The general called Aurelius.
The night  Rome is attacked.
Romulus is crowned.
Most  pledged to protect the emperor  are killed  and left for dead.
Aurelius is only stunned.
Orestes and his wife are killed.
Who captures Romulus.
Next day  Odoacer  now ruler  plans to have Romulus killed.
However  Ambrosinus convinces Odoacer to spare the boy.
Instead  Romulus is exiled to Capri along.
His prison is a villa constructed more than four centuries earlier.
Romulus discovers a hidden chamber within the villa.
He comes.
Writing proclaims.
The sword was made.
This is interpreted by various characters.
Romulus keeps the weapon.
The two are rescued by the loyal Aurelius and three surviving legionaries  Vatrenus  Batiatus  and Demetrius  accompanied by a female agent of the Eastern Roman Empire - a Keralite warrior named Mira.
They take Romulus.
Where the Eastern Roman Empire s emissary and the senator Nestor have promised safe passage.
However  they barely escape.
They learn the Senate.
The Eastern Empire have betrayed them and sided.
Ambrosinus persuades Romulus to seek refuge.
Where the Ninth Legion may remain loyal  being far.
They are followed  the Goth covets Caesar s sword after learning the prophecy.
Crossing the Alps and the English Channel  the party travels and initially find no evidence of the legion.
A farmer approaches and reveals he was its commander.
The legion had decided to disband and settle as farmers.
Most had married and had families.
They also did not want to antagonize the powerful warlord Vortgyn.
Romulus meets and befriends a young girl named Igraine.
Aurelius and Mira practice swordfighting and become close.
Ambrosinus told Romulus.
He received after he refused to tell him where the sword of Caesar was.
Vortgyn also desires the sword.
He aspires to rule the whole.
It is revealed.
Vortgyn and Ambrosinus are old enemies.
Vortgyn decides to either capture or kill Romulus as a gesture to Odoacer.
He convinces her to tell everyone in the village to surrender Romulus and has several of his men kill the blacksmith s wife and sons.
Aurelius confesses.
When a tearful Igraine tells the villagers.
Romulus is the emperor.
The blacksmith then demands revenge  deaths.
Aurelius and his men decide to lead an army to face Vortgyn s armies in one final battle.
Romulus receives from Igraine a suit of Roman armor.
Belonged. 
Aurelius  wielding Caesar s sword  leads his men and a small number at Hadrian s Wall.
Aurelius  his men  and the archers pelted the infantry.
Mira  Romulus  and several Roman and Celtic soldiers struggled to hold the enemy.
Vortgyn s soldiers began to slowly overwhelm the small force on the wall.
The battle appears hopeless.
The rest  having taken up their old Roman arms and uniforms  appear and turn the tide.
The two warring sides cease their hostilities.
When Ambrosinus confronts and burns Vortgyn alive.
Romulus kills Wulfila  avenging his parents.
He tells Aurelius  whereupon Aurelius replies.
He fought.
Romulus fought.
Repulsed  Romulus heaves away his sword and becomes lodged there.
Remarkably pierces a large rock.
Many years later  Ambrosinus  now known  takes a young boy to the battlefield to describe the now legendary events.
Merlin   says.
Who has visibly aged little.
Aurelius married Mira and the two raised Romulus.
He became a wise ruler  took the girl Igraine  and adopted the name Pendragon.
The boy  Arthur  recognizes Romulus and Igraine as his mother.
The sword of Julius Caesar is shown embedded in the stone  with moss growing on the blade  covering the original inscription  leaving only the Latin letters.
When read  read Excalibur.
<EOS>
The newest arrival  Erling C19  becomes fast friends with Olav.
Erling comes to terms with the harsh winter  the mistreatment by the staff  and the hated Housefather Braaten.
Later  Olav sees Braaten molesting C5  Ivar  a timid  shy boy.
The boys are severely punished.
When he raises this.
C5 is reassigned far away.
However   Ivar drowns himself.
The rest are chopping wood.
Braaten is apparently fired.
Olav is pardoned and is planning to depart  but   walks past Braaten.
Who had been sent away until Olav  the only witness to Ivar s rape  was away from Bastoy.
Olav and Erling attack Braaten and are locked.
They are freed.
Who has remained.
Olav again pursues Braaten.
The attack inspires a mass uprising.
The boys ransack the prison  and drive away the staff.
Braaten is repeatedly hung and beaten.
The barn is set ablaze  but Erling drags him.
He is.
The army is brought and violently put down the uprising.
Olav and Erling manage to escape back to the mainland.
Erling falls to shore and quickly freezes to death.
Olav is shown later  older.
<EOS>
Patricia Pinky Johnson returns.
Who raised her.
Pinky confesses to Dicey.
She passed.
She had also fallen with white Dr Thomas Adams.
Who knows nothing.
Pinky is harassed.
Attempting to reclaim money owed.
Later two white men try to sexually assault her.
Dr Canady  a black physician  asks Pinky to train black students.
Who want to become nurses.
Pinky tells him.
She plans to leave her hometown to return north.
Dicey asks her to stay temporarily to care.
Pinky has always disliked Miss Em and lumps her.
Pinky relents and agrees to care after learning.
She personally cared when she had pneumonia.
Pinky nurses the strong-willed Miss Em but does not hide her resentment.
They grow to respect and like each other.
They spend time together.
Miss Em bequeaths Pinky her stately house and property.
When she dies.
Greedy relatives of the deceased woman challenge.
Her will.
Everyone advises Pinky.
She has no chance.
Something makes her go on.
She herself does not fully comprehend.
Pinky begs an old friend to represent her as her attorney.
Pinky washes clothes.
When her grandmother is unable in order to pay the court fees.
The judge unexpectedly rules in Pinky s favor.
Tom   wants her to sell the inherited property  resume her masquerade  marry him and leave the south.
Who has tracked Pinky down.
She refuses  believing.
Miss Em intended her to use the house and property.
Pinky establishes Miss Em s Clinic and Nursery School.
<EOS>
A woman is widowed.
When her husband dies.
She has a liaison.
Who is drafted.
She goes insane and waits.
Based.
<EOS>
Chen Zhen is attending class.
When some Japanese karate students burst in and attempt to force him out.
He is Chinese.
Mitsuko Yamada  one  speak up for him.
Who has a crush  along with Chen s professor and other students.
The thugs turn violent but Chen easily defeats them using a variety.
The Japanese thugs  sensei  Funakochi Fumio   arrives to take control and apologizes for his students  behavior.
Who is also Mitsuko s uncle.
Fumio is impressed with him.
Chen learns.
His master Huo Yuanjia has died.
Chen is distraught.
He leaves immediately.
Chen returns and sees.
His old friend -- his master s son Huo Ting ` en -- has become the new master.
The next day  Chen goes to challenge Ryoichi Akutagawa  the Japanese fighter.
Who allegedly defeated Huo Yuanjia.
Akutagawa s students attempt to force Chen out.
Chen defeats them.
Akutagawa arrives and honorably accepts Chen s challenge.
Chen defeats Akutagawa easily and concludes.
Akutagawa is not capable.
Chen has Huo s corpse exhumed ` en and Jingwu s members.
The coroner revealed.
Huo Yuanjia was poisoned and weakened.
Word of Chen s victory against Akutagawa spreads and Chen becomes a local celebrity in Shanghai.
Jingwu s students begin to look up.
Their new instructor and that incurs the jealousy.
Huo remains silent and seeks comfort.
Where he becomes romantically involved.
Meanwhile  Akutagawa confronts General Go Fujita after realizing.
His match result was pre-meditated by Fujita  which he considers dishonoring.
Fujita kills Akutagawa brutally in front of the shocked Japanese ambassador and pushes the blame to Chen Zhen.
Akutagawa s students are furious.
They attack Jingwu School  culminating.
Is eventually stopped.
Chen is arrested and placed for allegedly murdering Akutagawa.
Several witnesses provide false and conflicting accounts.
The court refuses to accept testimony.
Mitsuko arrives and testifies.
Chen is innocent because he spent the night.
The court accepts her false testimony.
She is a Japanese.
Chen is exonerated.
His apparent relationship ruins his reputation.
The Chinese view it.
Huo Ting ` en and the senior Jingwu members demand.
Chen either leaves Mitsuko or leaves the school.
Huo uses the opportunity to settle his personal vendetta by challenging Chen to a fight.
Chen defeats Huo eventually but chooses to leave with Mitsuko.
Huo Ting ` en is humiliated and gives up his position as master of Jingwu before leaving to join his prostitute lover.
Jingwu s members eventually discover Huo s relationship and reprimand him.
Huo learns his lesson and returns.
Chen and Mitsuko faces hostility and are forced to find accommodation in an abandoned hut near Huo Yuanjia s grave.
Fumio arrives from Japan.
Requested  to get rid of Chen.
Fumio engages Chen.
Turns out to be a draw.
Fumio leaves.
Days later  Huo Ting ` en visits Chen and apologizes  saying.
Jingwu School will accept Chen and Mitsuko s relationship now.
Huo teaches Chen the Mizong Fist that night  leaving.
Mitsuko leaves secretly.
She will wait in Japan.
The next day  Chen and Huo Ting ` en confront Fujita.
Where Fujita exposes a traitor.
Huo Ting ` en then fights Fujita.
Who appears to be incredibly strong and resilient.
Huo suffers grave injuries.
Chen takes and engages Fujita in a long and exhausting fight.
The enraged Fujita comes.
As they are about to leave.
Chen is forced to kill Fujita.
Armed Japanese soldiers then surround them and prepare to open fire.
The Japanese ambassador arrives and orders.
The soldiers to stand down.
He agrees.
He has been aware that Fujita is a madman  but also warns them that the Japanese government will use Fujita s death.
Chen expresses his willingness to accept the blame in order to prevent war  earning the ambassador s further admiration.
The ambassador stages a fake execution and substitutes the dead Jingwu s traitor s body for Chen s.
Chen escapes and leaves Shanghai secretly.
<EOS>
A narrator explains the story s premise.
Natural selection is indifferent toward intelligence  with the result that in the future  stupid people will greatly outnumber the intelligent.
Corporal Joe Bauers  a U.
The story begins.
S.
Army librarian  and a prostitute named.
Rita are selected.
The experiment is forgotten.
When the officer is imprisoned for having started a prostitution business of his own.
Five hundred years later.
When the average I.
Q.
Has dropped in the lower twenties  Joe and Rita s suspension chambers are unearthed by the collapse of an immense pile of garbage.
Joe s suspension chamber smashes.
Who immediately throws him out.
Joe  suffering  makes his way to a hospital.
Where he discovers the year is.
He is arrested.
Frito turns out to be his trial lawyer  and is still mad  so he makes sure.
Joe is sent.
Meanwhile  Rita returns.
Joe is renamed by a faulty identity tattooing machine  and takes an I.
Imprisoned. 
Q.
Test. 
Joe returns.
Whether a time machine exists to help him return.
Frito claims to know  but agrees to help.
After Joe promises to open a bank account in Joe s time  which will be worth billions of dollars by.
Joe and Frito find Rita.
They arrive.
Where Frito thinks the time machine can be found.
A scanner identifies Joe as a fugitive by his tattoo.
He is arrested again and taken to become Secretary of the Interior  on grounds that his I.
Q.
Test identified him alive.
President Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Camacho gives Joe the job of fixing the nation s food shortages  dust bowls  and crippled economy within a week.
Joe discovers.
The nation s crops are irrigated.
S.
Food and Drug Administration and Federal Communications Commission.
Brawndo s stock drops to zero.
When Joe has it replaced  without visibly improving the crops.
Computers automatically lay off half the population  causing mass riots.
Joe is sentenced to die.
Rita discovers  Frito shows the thriving crops.
Joe s reintroduction has finally prompted vegetation in the fields.
The President gives Joe a full pardon.
The President names Joe Vice President.
Joe and Rita find.
The time machine is a wildly inaccurate history-themed amusement ride.
Joe is subsequently elected.
Joe and Rita marry and conceive the world s three smartest children.
Frito  now Joe s Vice President  takes eight wives and fathers.
A third suspension vessel releases Rita s former pimp  Upgrayedd  to search the future city for Rita.
<EOS>
We learn.
Druids have stopped the rise.
The opening shows one.
Satan has selected.
Before they are attacked.
Most die.
The rune stones are scattered.
The movie cuts.
Where a young man and woman are clearly but are having issues.
Their parents are druids   the boy s father kills his son.
The girl s father is a priest and has neglected his responsibilities.
He can rise again to become a druid warrior.
A young woman has possession of one of the runes due to it being passed down through her family.
She wears the rune to impress her date.
She instantly becomes pregnant and gives birth  allowing Satan to conceive a son in the form of Julian Sands.
She looks out her kitchen window.
He chases down the poor girl and kills her.
He is reborn.
Who unwillingly gave birth.
He then peels the flesh and makes it into a map  so he can track the other runes.
So the druid warrior now learns.
To use his druid powers.
It is not long.
His girlfriend joins him.
The warlock gains the rune stones to raise his father  causing all sorts of chaos and deaths along the way.
All this goes on.
The last rune stone is around the neck.
They both fight the warlock exhibiting a vast array.
They shine car lights  sending him back.
Satan rises.
They kill the warlock.
The warlock dies a gruesome death  taking a rune stone.
The Druid warriors leave.
<EOS>
The starcruiser of the Towani family lies.
Wrecked. 
The Towani family are stranded.
The children are found.
When Catarine and Jeremitt vanish.
The Ewoks subdue him and take both children.
Mace tries to kill them.
There  Cindel and Wicket become friends.
Shortly thereafter  the Ewoks kill a beast only to find a life-monitor with the creature.
They seek out the Ewok Logray.
Who informs them that the parents have been taken.
A caravan is formed to help the children find their parents.
They meet up.
They engage the Gorax  freeing Jeremitt and Catarine.
Chukha-Trok is killed.
The Gorax is thought destroyed.
When it is knocked.
It takes a final blow to kill the creature.
Tries to climb back up.
Thus reunited  the Towanis decide to stay.
They can repair the starcruiser.
Izrina leaves to go back.
<EOS>
A destitute Betty is evicted.
Has a FOR SALE sign.
The vacant house starts to fall apart.
Bimbo hauls away Betty and her meager belongings.
The asking price goes down with each additional decay.
The house is ramshackle and the asking price is Or what have you.
The camera view then pulls back up  showing.
All the houses also have For Sale signs.
The view continues up show all For Sale.
Finally the whole Earth is.
The Earth goes up.
Saturn is the buyer.
He pulls a large horse-shoe magnet out  eliminating the planet s gravity.
Buildings  trees  animals  and people start floating into the air with humorous effect.
Finally a hand reaches out and grabs the magnet back from Saturn.
Gravity is restored  and everything and everybody return.
A series fall atop Betty.
She avoids.
Injury as she emerges is home sweet home to me.
<EOS>
Chan plays a bumbling long haired acrobat named Jiang.
Who really wants.
He finds an advertisement at the Mansion as a body guard.
Jiang does nt get the body guard position  but cons his way  and gets himself into the middle of some shady business.
He is told not to go.
Where the special guest is staying.
A fellow employee tells Jiang.
There is an evil witch who lives and is not to be disturbed.
Jiang is caught spying on her and is run off the land.
He then encounters two kung fu masters fighting.
He watches.
One kill the other  and when he leaves Jiang takes the body to collect the reward.
Using the money  Jiang tries to fulfill his kung fu dreams and find a master.
He is suddenly attacked and is about to lose.
A mystery master shows up and beats her.
The master turns out to be a bum  and teaches Jiang kung fu.
He then goes to find the special jade plant.
<EOS>
Larry  11-year-old Faith Corvatch becomes convinced.
Her soulmate  the man she is destined to be  is named Damon Bradley.
This belief is strengthened.
When a few years later a carnival fortune teller tells her that Damon Bradley is the name.
Fourteen years later  Faith is a teacher and is engaged to a podiatrist.
Faith learns.
Her fiance s high-school classmate Damon Bradley is flying.
Determined to meet him  Faith follows his trail to a street-side restaurant in Rome.
They never quite catch up.
Faith meets a young American man  but has no interest.
He identifies himself.
They spend a romantic evening together and fall hopelessly.
Then he reveals.
His actual name is Peter Wright  so she angrily leaves him and prepares to fly back home.
Meanwhile  a suave Italian businessman named.
Giovanni has been wooing Kate.
The next morning  Peter tells Faith.
He searched overnight and discovered that he has moved on to Positano.
Giovanni agrees to drive the three Americans there.
Faith meets Damon  a good-looking playboy  and invites him to dinner.
Peter spies.
Damon makes unwelcome sexual advances.
It turns out.
This Damon is really a friend who has helped Peter stage the entire scene.
Back  Larry finds out.
His wife Kate is.
He travels there to find her.
Kate and Faith are again planning to return home.
Larry arrives to make up with Kate.
He also reveals  Larry intentionally spelt out the name on the Ouija board  then he paid the fortune teller to tell Faith.
Faith s childhood Damon Bradley phenomenon was a prank.
Her true love had the same name.
He has nt told Faith the truth.
He has been afraid she would never speak again.
Faith and Peter are.
When they hear Damon Bradley paged.
They finally meet Damon.
Who is not especially handsome.
Peter explains to Damon.
Faith has been following him.
He also tells Damon.
He is  then boards his flight home to Boston.
Damon asks Faith.
She loves Peter.
She realizes.
She does and rushes to join Peter.
The airport staff delays the flight.
Faith can board.
She and Peter embrace and kiss applaud.
Their plane then flies.
<EOS>
Manimaran  his father Poochi and his grandfather Nagappan are short-tempered persons.
Who beat the villagers.
Only  Manimaran s mother  Sivagami can control them.
Uma  Manimaran s sister  gets married.
Manimaran falls with Vaidehi  a Brahmin girl  and gets married with her without her permission.
The antagonist becomes a blind in one eye and decides to take revenge on Manimaran.
The antagonist stops him.
When Manimaran drives his pregnant sister.
Manimaran beats the antagonist and his henchmen.
Uma comes too late and dies with her baby.
Vaidehi leaves their house.
Who brings Uma s death.
Manimaran changes his behavior and tries to convince Vaidehi to come back home.
<EOS>
Cui Shun-ji is a Chinese woman.
A single mother bringing up a young son  she lives away  and makes a living by selling kimchi.
She meets three men.
Who betray her.
She decides to take revenge.
When her son dies.
<EOS>
Tambrey Tammy Tyree is a seventeen-year-old girl living with her Grandpa  John Dinwitty.
She runs  dreaming of life outside of the swamp  and talking to her best friend  Nan  a goat.
Tammy discovers the wreckage of a plane and the unconscious body of Peter Brent.
Tammy and her grandfather help Peter recover.
Which Tammy falls with Peter.
However  he must return  but tells Tammy.
If anything happened  she would be welcome to come and stay with him.
Several weeks later  Tammy s grandfather is arrested.
Tammy sets off.
No one else to stay.
She arrives and sees Peter with his friends.
Tammy tries to explain her grandfather s imprisonment  however  Peter misunderstands  and tells Mrs Brent  leading the Brents to take her.
When Peter s friend Ernie discovers Tammy outside.
Tammy s grandfather has died.
Tammy learns.
Peter is busy that he is growing in hopes of making Brentwood Hall self-sustaining once again.
Mrs Brent is upset announcing to everyone.
Tammy finally tells everyone that her grandfather is nt actually dead.
She has a relative.
However  Peter and his Aunt Renie convince Tammy to stay  leading her to sing.
Peter s love interest drops.
Her uncle wants Peter to stop meddling around and offers him a deal to come to work with him in the advertising business.
Peter turns down the offer.
That week is also Pilgrimage Week.
Includes a ball and tours.
Renie gives Tammy the dress.
Peter s great-grandmother wore.
Mrs Brent and Renie suggest.
Tammy pretend to be Great-Grandmother Cratchett.
That night  Tammy tells a story for the guests  and enchants everyone  even Mrs Brent.
That night  a hail storm hits Brentwood Hall and destroys all.
The next morning  Peter announces.
He is going to accept the advertising offer  leading Tammy to run away.
Peter realizes.
He loves Tammy  finds Tammy s grandfather  and returns  where he kisses her.
<EOS>
The plot was summarized thus  Raft s ambitions innocently enmesh him with the law.
He becomes involved in a bank holdup but tries to go straight.
When he falls with Claire Trevor.
Finding the law and needing a stake for a small town hideaway  he knocks over a post office.
He buys a village garage and settles down happily  With a baby in the offing the law picks up his trail again  His warped mind sends him through a series of holdups  to gain enough plunder to provide for his wife and baby.
But even that  he finds  is a mirage.
He prefers death.
Face a prison term.
Martin  Jay.
Nathanael West  The Art.
New York  Hayden Book Company .
P. 
.
<EOS>
Dr Frankenstein works innocuously in his lab.
But  he works to perfect Mosaico  a monstrosity pieced together from dead bodies.
The behemoth escapes.
Completed. 
Local beauties begin popping up dead  murdered.
Authorities attempt to stop Mosaico s rampage.
<EOS>
Attendees keep disappearing.
It turns out.
The guest is a real vampire.
His henchmen are kidnapping the convention guests.
A horror writer  a Sherlock Holmes fan and an Israeli Nazi-hunter set out to stop him.
<EOS>
6teen is an animated situation comedy.
The plots take place almost entirely.
The mall is based.
The series follows the cast.
6teen is focused.
The characters  Nikki  Jonesy  Jen  Jude  Wyatt  and Caitlin deal.
Nikki finds.
Herself stuck working that she would nt be caught dead shopping in  while Jen has found her dream job at a sports shop  but makes some mistakes.
Jonesy manages to get fired  Wyatt s hopelessly in love with his older.
Caitlin endures the daily humiliation.
<EOS>
Joe Niemand  a Sangoma  begins a tale  Desert Wind was a man like us.
States back  in the time of the red light.
He grew wings and flew like a bird.
He became a hunter.
He flew to seek his prey.
Taking refuge.
Where magic still lingers.
But having once been a man  so does.
He still suffer the passions  flying in the rages sometimes  and throwing himself down like a child  to vent his wrath upon the earth.
The people have another name for those violent winds.
Blow. 
They call.
Them Dust Devil s A middle-aged man walks  and pulls over a car with a woman named Saarke driving in it  who takes him back to her house.
The man snaps Saarke s neck  killing her.
The two are making love.
Meanwhile.
Ben Mukurob receives a phone call.
Does Wendy Robinson.
The man burns down Saarke s house  inside.
He has drawn many strange symbols and pictographs.
He then gets.
Wendy s husband Mark accuses her of cheating on him  causing her to leave him and drive to Namibia.
Meanwhile  Mukurob receives a call and drives to investigate with his superior  Capt.
Beyman.
Mukurob visits Dr Leidzinger.
Who tells him that the incident may be a part.
Wendy runs her car and finds an abandoned camper with a strange man.
Who she asks to help her push her car.
She then sees Dust Devil  and stops for him.
Cpl.
Dutoit and Cpl.
Bates find the abandoned camper inside.
Mukurob drives and asks him about the symbols.
Were. 
He responds.
It was the work.
Wendy and Dust Devil continue driving and pass another.
Dust Devil tells Wendy not to stop.
Dust Devil disappears.
They pass the.
Beyman tells Mukurob.
He has to take him and hand it over to the U.
N.
Says. 
He can give any information.
Wendy stops and tries to cut her wrists   but wendy does not commit suicide.
Dust Devil waits.
She goes and finds Dust Devil inside.
Who tells her that she was asleep the day.
Meanwhile  Beyman gives Mukurob a pile.
He is following.
Wendy and Dust Devil reach the Fish River canyon.
Wendy s husband Mark  arrives.
Mukurob has another and is visited by Joe.
Who tells him to go.
Mark arrives and asks about Wendy  but is beaten up by some of the people at the bar.
Joe takes Mukurob and tells him.
The murders are the work.
He draws the weak and the faithless  and sucks them dry.
Joe explains  but  he will be bound.
The naghtloeper must keep moving to work the ritual.
He is tricked to step over a kerrie stick.
His power can be taken.
Joe then gives Mukurob a Kerrie and a sacred root to burn to prevent the naghtloeper.
It is killed.
Wendy discovers human fingers.
He tries to kill her  but Wendy knocks him out and escapes.
Dust Devil then chases her and causes her car  forcing wendy to run across the desert.
Meanwhile  Mukurob releases mark and together they search for wendy.
Dust Devil attacks them  causing the car to flip over.
They try to drive.
Mukurob handcuffs Mark.
He has a chance.
Who have nothing to live.
Wendy reaches the abbandoned town.
Where Mukurob finds her and searches.
He runs.
Who stabs him.
Wendy then finds Dust Devil and tries to shoot him.
Mukurob takes the kerrie and puts it.
Dust Devil walks.
He steps forward.
Wendy picks up Mukurob s shotgun and kills Dust Devil  Wendy.
He says i love you.
Wendy then walks past Mark and the car  lays on the road and pulls over a fleet of army Casspirs.
The film ends.
The desert knows her name now.
She will see his spirit.
When she looks.
And  a tapestry unfolding of the avenues of evil  and all of history set ablaze.
<EOS>
H is about two heroin addicts  Michele  Pascale Montpetit and Snake  Martin Neufeld.
Who struggle to withdraw.
They do it cold turkey.
Snake nails  they are determined to come clean.
The apartment door shut.
Michele awakens to discover and is trapped.
She has been betrayed.
Barricaded  they become each other s hostage.
Their resolve ebbs and flows.
The days go.
They dig deeper and deeper.
The hook is the false sense of immunity to the state at large but as withdrawal starts  this cocooned existence abruptly unravels.
Reality sharpens  intensifies  and.
Sensations flare  at the walls  the camera becomes a monitor  never once leaving the apartment.
Snake discovers a forgotten stash.
When almost totally withdrawn.
They are faced  Do we really have control over our addictions.
<EOS>
The film consists  Dios los cria - A rich industrialist has died  leaving two sons and his widow as heirs.
One sneaks out of the funeral parlor  goes to the father s office  opens the office s safe and steals the cash inside it.
His body lies.
He s confronted by his brother.
Who points a gun.
They exchange words  as well as.
How they related and how his widow would not deserve any part of the old man s estate.
They start to argue and get.
One shoots the other.
The wounded one shoots back the other with a gun.
He pulls.
All three family members lie in caskets at the funeral parlor.
Negocio redondo - Don Marcos  the lead visits the local Roman Catholic archbishop.
They are discussing the last details.
Don Marcos tries to outsmart the archbishop.
When they negotiate the contract s terms.
The archbishop proves to be a clever negotiator.
Don Marcos returns  but has second thoughts and asks his chauffeur to drive him back to the archbishop s office.
They sign the contract and the deal is closed.
He asks to confess his sins.
Which the archbishop agrees.
Don Marcos reveals the archbishop.
The plot he has sold is overvalued  since a major road will soon run through it.
The archbishop threatens to sue him.
His company   can not be revealed.
Which Don Marcos reminds him that this fact has been revealed under confession  and therefore.
The archbishop reluctantly absolves the manager.
Don Marcos returns.
La Gran Noche - an aging prostitute is being teased on the bordello they all work at.
No client asks for her services.
One night  a handsome young man shows up  rejects the offers  and takes the aging one for a dance.
They leave the premises.
They stop.
Where she is dropped.
The customer dismisses her rudely  it turns out.
She pays him money.
She had paid him to act the entire time.
An old man plays compliment.
When she sits.
Entre doce y una - A man and his wife are arguing to an elevator at the higher stories of a tall building.
Another man  Carlos  joins them.
A severe earthquake then hits the city.
The car loses power.
They discover.
When the passengers try to escape.
The elevator s cables are frayed.
The cables keep.
They scream.
The couple reveal their indiscretions.
Alberto confesses his infidelities.
Annette confesses.
She has been unfaithful as well.
Her partner turns to be Carlos  the third man.
It shakes so much.
The two men have a fight.
The final cable remaining snaps.
The elevator car plummets  taking them.
La Otra - Fernando  a traveling salesman  appears with two women.
The older woman  Josefina  reminds him to take care  offers him dinner  and looks after him at home  the younger one  Marie  is constantly interested in having passionate sex with him.
He seems to be an absentee partner.
The two women resent his absences.
One day Marie finds Fernando.
They have a quarrel  it turns out.
Josefina  the older  domestically oriented woman  is the man s lover  while Marie is his wife.
He then divorces his young wife  marries his older lover  and remains domestic.
Still having frequent sexual episodes.
<EOS>
Lilli is one.
She is fired.
Then  left alone she is stranded in a ramshackle beach town on the windswept coast of New South Wales.
This remote  working class  tourist-town has a pervasive sense.
The people survive and work hard in small businesses.
Here  stuck  she encounters her teenage daughter Ally.
She felt lost  she gave up her baby.
When Lilli s young surfer husband had died.
Lilli has been drifting ever  and getting wasted.
Bet is a rowdy  belligerent woman  devoted - she has taken care of her for 13 years.
She has no idea.
Unhappy the girl is.
Lilli has an immediate rapport.
Before she knows that Ally is her daughter.
She ca nt take her eyes.
She knows.
They belong.
But Lilli s terrified tells her.
She s.
She is  surfing is - her refuge from the noisy junkiness of life with Bet.
When we first see Ally.
Bet is nt a monster  she s simply the wrong person to be raising the pensive Ally.
Whose emotions are hidden away  like her mother s.
The drama is.
Lilli must not leave her daughter.
<EOS>
He calls his best friends  Miron and Melita.
Liptus arrives.
That same night  Miron and Melita are woken  carrying flares and disappearing into the darkness at the end of the street.
They are all sleeping cozily.
They find Halasz  a boy known for his bravery.
He is cold  pale  and babbling a white ghost.
Older citizens recall a long time ago.
Most do nt believe Halasz s story.
When a forgotten spirit would scare people.
Everyone locks themselves.
Halasz ends up.
Where the doctors ca nt help him.
Miron  Liptus  and Melita  now alone  take matters  revealing the secret of the ghost and saving their friend.
The main characters learn.
To handle ghosts.
<EOS>
Most coal mines are worked by migrant workers.
Who are forced to endure back-breaking  dangerous work to send money home.
Some have additional schemes of their own.
Song Jinming and Tang Zhaoyang are professional con artists  running an intricate scam.
They have perfected.
They find a naive young man looking  and convince him.
They have arranged three lucrative coal mining jobs.
The relative has not arrived  leaving a gap.
They generously offer  on the condition that he pretend to be the missing relative.
They use his death to extort compensation money from the mine s management.
The film follows the pair.
They repeat it.
Tensions arise.
Song begins to have reservations  touched to their first victim of the film  while Tang remains focused on making money for himself and his own family.
<EOS>
New Orleans journalist Donna Stiles is.
When a man sneaks and kills her.
Donna s father  mayor David Stiles  calls to stop chasing bail-jumpers and bring in the killer.
Mitch McCallum   insists.
Who once dated Donna   and is now accused of the murder.
He is innocent.
Mace has an uneasy relationship.
Mace tackles his mission wholeheartedly.
Mitch is nearly killed.
Mace and Mitch are ambushed and pursued  they barely escape  accompanied.
Who witnessed the attacks.
Must go.
Mace threatens Bernie  a bail bondsman  to find out.
Who posted Mitch s bond and wanted him killed out.
Atkins uses the same bat to beat Bernie  setting Mace up to be blamed for Bernie s death.
Mace leaves Bernie s office.
Later  Mitch saves Mace.
Mace figures out.
Mitch has been framed.
Atkins has been working.
Jenkins admits.
Jenkins is the mastermind as Atkins pursues Mace  Mitch and Sarah across the bayou  finally cornering them in a clip joint  where Mace uses a giant dart to kill Atkins.
Jenkins takes Stiles hostage and demands safe passage out.
Jenkins shoots Mayor Stiles.
A helicopter arrives.
Who releases Mayor Stiles and gets.
Disguising himself  Mace parachutes to safety.
Before the helicopter slams  causing an explosion that kills Jenkins.
<EOS>
Ju Yeong-jak is a successful lawyer.
Who works long hours.
His wife Eun Ho-jeong   raises their young adopted son and works.
He is working.
Who gave up her dancing career in order to be A Good Lawyer s Wife.
Ju Yeong-jak s father  Chang-geun  an alcoholic failure  has not slept with his wife in 15 years.
She is having an affair.
She tells Yeong-jak and Ho-jeong with the other man -- an old friend from her grade school -- and says.
When Chang-geun finally dies.
She even plans to marry him.
Her daughter-in-law Ho-jeong supports her.
Ho-jeong herself can not achieve an orgasm.
But.
Are not made clear.
Who is an artist and a former model.
He receives the satisfaction.
He lacks.
She is   angered.
When Ho-jeong catches her teenager neighbour peeping.
But she then decides to fulfil his peeping wish and allows him to see her doing nude gymnastics.
He then follows her and even barges into her dance class.
She eventually follows him.
Where they talk.
She teases him.
They watch a movie.
Meanwhile  Yeong-jak runs a drunk motor cyclist.
Receiving a blowjob.
Yeong-jak takes the man but drops off his girlfriend on the way  his primary concern is.
The presence not become public knowledge.
The authorities assume.
The other driver is entirely responsible.
Yeong-jak promises the man  a postman.
Who needs to be able to drive to keep his job  that if the postman does not mention that there was a woman he will use his legal connections to make sure that the man does not suffer any consequences for having been driving while drunk.
One evening   she tells her teenage neighbour to follow her.
She Ho-jeon finally learns.
I hope you ll be okay.
She takes him.
She just allows him to mount her.
He soon stops and rolls aside.
Not giving up  she fellates him.
She then mounts him herself.
She finally gains her long sought orgasm.
The father soon finds out about their affair and exposes it to Yeong-jak  unaware.
Yeong-jak apparently does not care what his wife does.
However  Yeong-jak fails to keep his promise.
The postman kidnaps Yeong-jak s adopted son and throws him.
The postman then commits suicide.
Yeong-jak and Ho-jeong are devastated.
Ho-jeong blames.
Ended. 
The story ends.
Ho-jeong discovers.
She is pregnant and knows that Yeong-jak can not be the father.
He offers to accept the child.
She informs him.
He is out.
It is unclear.
Yeong-jak is hurt or relieved.
The story also addresses the legacy and its impact on many families.
Yeong-jak s father and grandfather escaped -- apparently during the war.
Yeong-jak s grandmother and his father s sisters remained and perished.
Yeong-jak s father is last seen singing a communist anthem honoring North Korean leader Kim.
Yeong-jak goes out and discovers.
His grandfather has been dead  and that his grandfather s young female companion had not notified the other members of the family.
There is also a subplot.
Who were killed -- apparently.
<EOS>
Band shows the Jonas Brothers interacting with one another and life in their tour bus.
Directed.
Gannon and Michael Sarner  the documentary video contains casual footage  as well as the brothers recording music for their album  A Little Bit Longer.
<EOS>
Betty  a young alcoholic woman  is caught cold while cheating.
Wasting no time  he and his family arrange a quick divorce settlement  ousting her and keeping her away from the two children the couple have.
One night she ends up.
Where she meets Laure  an older woman  an alcoholic herself.
Laure decides to take care after hearing the heart-breaking stories of her being a victim of a rich and ruthless society.
Betty receives care and friendship.
Who s.
The envy grows each day and will drive Betty to artfully contrive the means to conquer her new friend s lover.
Laure realizes.
She has made a mistake.
Things soon begin to tremble.
Betty s true colors are now visible.
She sees her life.
She selfishly stomped she had been given to be a better person.
<EOS>
Ali Nazik seeks help to become a Turkucu.
Muhsin is.
Who is a fan.
Is favored.
Muhsin eventually relents and takes him.
They work together to make Nazik a star.
<EOS>
The film follows the exploits  focusing on their aging leader Augusto   reaping both rewards and consequences.
They go.
It is episodic.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
Who visits a mystical  organic building that looks.
The light falls upon the pillars  revealing human faces.
He walks.
The viewer later realizes and open their eyes.
The faces are still alive.
The man walks.
The building s nature is partially unveiled.
The blinding light enchants the visitor and causes organic branch-like structures.
These protrusions then become another set.
<EOS>
Diego asks angel  noting.
He is homosexual.
He is not experienced.
Angel says.
He is not and vows to prove himself.
Later that day  angel attempts.
Who is both his neighbour and Diego s girlfriend.
She trips and gashes her cheek.
She is leaving him.
Angel faints.
The next day  angel s mother insists.
He go as a condition of living in her home.
She insists.
He go.
He goes to the police station to confess to the rape.
She says.
When Eva is brought.
He ejaculated and declines to press charges.
Alone photos of dead men with the same wound administered by the woman seen during his earlier spell of vertigo.
He confesses.
The detective then asks about two missing women.
Who were also students.
Angel confesses.
The police detective is not convinced.
Angel is able to lead the police.
He questions.
Angel could have buried them there discovers that angel has an alibi for the murder of one of the men.
Finally  he discovers.
Angel faints.
Meanwhile  angel s lawyer  Maria Cardenal   begins to suspect.
Who is the same woman who was shown killing one during angel s bout of vertigo in the practice ring.
Diego killed the two women students.
She takes Diego.
Where she has been collecting memorabilia related since she first saw him kill a bull.
They return.
Where Eva  who wants to convince Diego not to break up  overhears enough to realize that they are the killers.
Eva tells Diego.
When Maria leaves.
He has to take her back.
She knows everything.
He says.
He will.
Eva also goes to tell her.
She must stay away.
Eva knows her secrets.
Maria s reaction does not reassure Eva.
She goes.
Angel s psychiatrist calls the detective to tell him.
Eva is telling the detective what she has heard.
Angel has seen Diego and Maria  and that they are in danger.
Angel is able to guide them.
An eclipse begins.
As the police  angel  the psychiatrist  and Eva arrive.
They hear a gunshot.
Maria has stabbed Diego and shot herself in the mouth.
They were making love.
Viewing the scene  the detective says.
It is better this way and that he has never seen anyone happier.
<EOS>
Zakhariah is a private banker.
Who has returned.
He has a very straight forward life.
His life takes a turn.
When one Girija Menon gets close to him.
Menon is a textile businessman and a womanizer.
Who is married.
Soon  Zakhariah begins to transform himself.
He gets an open offer.
She is willing to continue a relationship.
Zakhariah begins to ignore business  family and gets into an illicit affair.
<EOS>
Estevez plays Jeremy Collier  a returning Vietnam War hero.
Whose experiences leave him unable to adjust.
The film discusses the hidden costs on those.
Who fight.
Sheen plays Bob Collier  Jeremy s father.
He expects his son to go back  without understanding the problems of post-traumatic stress disorder.
It was.
Kathy Bates plays Estevez s mother  Maurine   and seems to think.
Who treats Jeremy like he s a.
He should forget.
His sister Karen  played  is more understanding of his readjustment problems.
Their father does nt want her to help her brother.
This is portrayed.
Jeremy refuses to put and instead decides to wear his combat uniform and medal.
The film climaxes.
When Jeremy pulls his semi-automatic handgun  explaining the hate he feels for his father because he would nt lend Jeremy money to leave the country to escape the draft.
He also explains.
He was able to execute a Vietcong prisoner only because he saw his father s face.
Jeremy finally breaks down hugging his father only to be thrown out despite pleas from his daughter.
Jeremy needs help.
A tearful Jeremy is seen buying a bus ticket.
The clerk asks  a voice-over then explains.
He is all right.
Jeremy would be all right and that he was.
<EOS>
Bruce Bob Lee works in a Chinese food restaurant with his wacky friend Chang Ming.
Bob puts a lot  making them sneeze a lot.
When a gang is making trouble.
Unfortunately  Bob and Chang are blacklisted by the gang.
They accidentally land a job after narrowly averting being run over by the owner s daughter s car.
She tells them to get back to work  assuming they already work there unloading speaker cabinet boxes.
The shipyard is attacked.
Bob beat up.
Bob and Chang refuse to fight to prevent losing their jobs again.
However  they are called chickens.
People realize.
What an amazing martial artist Bob is  and encourage him to start his own kung fu school.
Bob s school opens.
There is controversy.
Bob is teaching.
He also creates.
Jeet Kune Do  and uses his newly improves martial arts ability to whup the baddies once and.
<EOS>
Ramesh starts managing the office.
Who strongly suspects his relatives to be looting him.
Ramesh finds the culprit and keeps a tight leash.
Ramesh and Sridevi initially find themselves  but eventually fall in love with each other.
The industrialist is happy.
He sees Ramesh cheating.
He fires Ramesh the very same day.
The industrialist is murdered.
Sridevi also sees Ramesh that same night.
Ramesh is dragged and is shortly framed for murder.
Sridevi is upset.
The ill-intentioned relatives start closing their net  forcing her to marry Y.
G.
Mahendran.
The grief-stricken Ramesh meets another person named Raja in jail.
Who looks exactly.
Together Ramesh and Raja plan to punish the culprits and set the record straight.
<EOS>
It is night.
A police car pulls over.
Where two young men are changing the tire.
The police officers step out and offers their help.
Suddenly  a third person gets out.
One reacts instantly - this man is a well known criminal  he understands.
He is recognized.
He has also robbed a military camp ten minutes ago.
The van is loaded.
The situation is tense.
Later on  the two police officers are found shot dead.
Looks. 
Martin Beck is working and gets all resources.
He needs to get the unknown murderers.
A hunt.
He is literally ready to use any methods to find the killer.
<EOS>
The Stooges   discover a plan.
Running the Cafe Casbah Bah and attempting to prepare a meal Hassan Ben Sober and Ginna Rumma.
Their hungry customers are hatching.
These two thieves are attempting to rob the tomb.
Contains a priceless diamond.
They discover.
The emir has already gotten his hands on the diamond.
The two plotters start wailing and are thrown out.
The Stooges then attempt to retrieve the diamond themselves.
There is a $ 50000 reward.
The Stooges arrive.
They then manage to acquire the diamond and make a quick exit  but not.
<EOS>
Casimiro  night watchman  is even more sleepy.
His usual laziness makes him - because his boss  the Professor  is secretly draining blood while he dozes to use in experiments in raising the dead.
These have nt worked so far.
The bodies have been covered and placed on display in the museum to cover his crimes.
His big chance seems to come  however.
When he learns that the mummified body has been found in an Egyptian sarcophagus.
The professor and his two henchmen steal the body and take it back.
Where the experiment flops again.
Or it seems.
Casimiro sleeps  a bolt of lightning gives the electrical boost.
The Professor s machinery has needed.
The body comes back.
Then the clouds part  the full moon shines through.
The resurrected one becomes a werewolf.
No one will believe him  not even Paquita  his girlfriend.
When Casimiro sees it wandering the museum.
But the professor finds his subject alive and soon witnesses a transformation.
Eventually  the creature escapes him and makes off  terrorizing the city and ending up at Paquita s apartment.
<EOS>
Fred Simmons is a fourth-degree black belt and runs his own dojang in a small North Carolina town.
Fred styles himself a big shot  driving a Ferrari and extolling the virtues to potential new students  but loses his confidence.
He discovers that his wife  Suzie gave her boss a handjob.
He attends a martial arts expo to meet his idol  B movie action star Chuck the Truck Wallace.
Order to restore his confidence.
Who turns out to be a dirty and drunken mess.
Fred persuades Chuck to make an appearance at his upcoming Taekwondo belt test and then parties with his friends and students in Chuck s hotel room.
Fred returns home and sells his Ferrari to pay Chuck s $ 10000 appearance fee.
Shortly thereafter  Suzie returns after losing her job.
Fred catches Suzie having sex with Chuck on his own couch.
Fred challenges Chuck  but is eventually beaten and driven off.
The next morning  Suzie once again asks to be taken back.
Fred rejects her and urinates.
Fred arrives.
His confidence restored.
Fred challenges him.
When Chuck arrives.
He wins.
Fred reads a new student pledge.
He has written.
Outlines the goals and responsibilities.
<EOS>
The title character  a widow  finds herself homeless.
Whose savings have been depleted.
When the bank forecloses.
She becomes friendly.
Who she soon discovers.
Hoping to recoup her losses.
Took her home.
To rob the institution for keeping his identity a secret.
She wears a long blonde wig  over-sized hat  and sunglasses.
He dons a fake beard  leather vest  and bell-bottom pants.
The two pull off the caper and escape.
Buoyed to join her in more heists  and the different modus operandi - setting free a canary to distract the guard  setting off smoke bombs - make it difficult for police lieutenant Horace Greeley and criminologist R.
They use.
J.
Hart to profile their suspects.
<EOS>
Young Cate Mandighan s mother Marie dies.
Her father decides to send her to live she has never met.
Her father promises her to one day look for her and asks her to write in her journal every day.
Twenty six later  Cate is a highly successful.
Helps women.
She is engaged.
Their engagement is widely described.
Cate has trouble accepting his refusal to ever have children again.
They seem the perfect couple.
One day  Cate receives a package.
Who has recently died.
He expresses his regret for never having looked her up and requests her to scatter his ashes in New Kerry  with his friends Cavanaugh and Donahue  two Irish singers  in presence.
She initially refuses to do.
She has always felt abandoned.
She finally decides to head back.
Cate has trouble adjusting to small town life  still maintaining her upper class lifestyle.
She meets Connor Bailey  a man.
Who makes her realize what she really wants.
They fall.
Cate is reluctant to give  remembering her proposal to Stewart.
She decides to focus herself.
Is troubled.
She tries.
To help them reconcile their estranged friendship and while doing so  grows closer.
She scatters her father s ashes with Cavanaugh and Donahue in presence  and returns to New York City.
She is swept.
Who has followed her to admit that he is.
She is caught.
She is about to kiss him.
Who is not really upset that she does not want to spend the rest of her life with him.
Cate and Connor are finally free to be.
He leaves.
<EOS>
Paxton Quigley  a renowned womanizer  is a student for Men  located one mile away from the fictional Fulton College for women.
The schools are located in the middle of Vermont.
Paxton and a Fulton undergrad  Tobey Clinton  begin dating.
They then take their relationship by spending the summer together by the beach in Providencetown.
Paxton and Tobey are then caught living together at their family house in Providencetown.
The two separate for the rest of the last two weeks of summer break.
Tobey   is ecstatic to be with Paxton upon their return to school.
Their meeting is quite sexually charged.
Paxton has a chance encounter with a young artist in need of a ride.
The young artist  Eulice  another Fulton student  entreats Paxton to let her paint him naked.
Paxton learns.
When she is finished.
She only wanted to paint his face  but got him naked.
She promises to get nude as compensation.
They retire to a motel.
Paxton frequents.
Paxton brags to his fraternity brothers.
He feels no remorse.
Tobey asks Paxton to move out and move into an apartment with her.
They are.
Paxton overreacts  Tobey explains.
Her father bet her that if she rented an apartment Paxton would get cold feet and end the relationship.
A bitter fight ensues.
They soon make up.
Paxton receives a phone call  and is goaded into seeing her again.
Paxton trips and happens.
Racing over.
Who is making a.
They strike a conversation  and soon takes Jan to his favorite motel.
The two eat some and then Jan uses.
Body paint to cover Paxton s back.
As soon  Jan runs.
Paxton makes a move.
Paxton aggressively attacks her  and then stops and feigns to be homosexual.
Who was abused.
This exploitative trickery wins her sympathy.
They soon become intimate.
Again  Paxton brags back at his fraternity house.
One gives him the idea of dating all three girls at the same time.
They scheme over some beers  and come up to trick all three girls into thinking.
He is seeing each one exclusively.
He barely escapes detection.
He is almost discovered by both Eulice and Jan  who spot him from the front.
Paxton returns and walks into a party.
Where brothers are taking advantage.
Paxton  hit  tries to protect the girl from the brothers  jeers.
Paxton  filled  rents an apartment for himself and Tobey and goes to her dorm building to surprise her with his new level of commitment.
Tobey  obviously very distraught  tells Paxton to follow her.
Where she reveals that she  Eulice  and Jan have discovered Paxton s secret infidelity.
Tobey caught him.
The three then lock Paxton and plan to continue sleeping with him constantly to physically wear him out as a punishment.
Paxton rebels.
The dean of Willard College sends out a description of Paxton to neighboring colleges  labeling him as a missing student.
A nosy dorm mate the actions of Paxton s captors and reports them to the assistant dean of Fulton.
Meanwhile  Paxton is being worn nearly two week s malnutrition and being unable to resist the relentless advances of Tobey  Eulice  and Jan.
The assistant dean  Dean Nazarin  connects information listed in a missing person s report and information from a nosy student.
She then concludes.
Paxton is being held.
Tobey meets and explains the situation.
The dean offers a chance to carry out Paxton s punishment while turning a blind eye.
Unable to officially condone the actions.
Meanwhile  Paxton has vivid hallucinations.
Where he accuses his three captors and fantasizes that they are unanimously hated while he is shown love and comfort.
Failing to make Paxton explain his actions  Tobey finally consents to release him and  disoriented  he stumbles into an unsuspecting female dorm.
He is attacked and knocked unconscious.
An ambulance soon takes him away.
Thanks from Dean Nazarin  the three girls get out of the scandal without punishment.
Paxton is then able to chase down Tobey.
She leaves town  and reconciles with her after a desperate display of love.
<EOS>
The film tells the tale  abused by spoiled stars and arrogant students.
Who becomes a ticking.
His favourite scream queen  Riversa Red  finds herself up.
Don goes.
<EOS>
Jim Deakins is traveling in the wilderness.
When he encounters an initially hostile Boone Caudill.
However  they soon become good friends.
They head in search of Boone s uncle  Zeb Calloway.
They find him.
When they are tossed for brawling with fur traders of the Missouri River Company.
Zeb talks him.
When ` Frenchy  Jourdonnais comes to bail Zeb out.
The two men join an expedition organized to travel 2000 miles up the river to trade with the Blackfoot Indians  in competition with the Missouri Company.
Zeb has brought  a pretty Blackfoot woman Zeb found several years.
After she had escaped.
Zeb intends to use her.
She is the daughter.
They encounter.
Another Blackfoot Zeb knows  Poordevil  they take him along.
Later  Teal Eye falls and is rescued from rapids by Boone.
The Missouri Company knows to their monopoly.
One day  it makes its move.
A party led and tries to burn the boat.
Frenchy wakes up.
The fire causes much damage.
Poordevil tracks the enemy and Zeb and Jim rescue the woman.
Later  the expedition puts in and leaves a warning not to interfere.
A week later  they repulse an attack.
Jim is separated and shot in the leg.
Boone  followed  finds him  extracts the bullet and waits for his friend to heal.
They find Streak trying to buy the boat and the goods.
When they rejoin their band.
Jim compares.
The bullet dug out with one of Streak s and finds them to be the same.
Streak and his men are killed.
The expedition reaches the Blackfeet and begins trading.
Teal Eye tells a very disappointed Jim.
She loves him.
Boone follows her back.
He is surprised to find out he is now married.
When he emerges much later.
However  Teal Eye makes him buy her.
That he can leave any time he wants.
The men begin the long return trip.
However  Boone changes his mind and decides to stay.
<EOS>
Taking place shortly  a professor at the fictional Cuesta Verde University has managed to subdue and contain a Hyper sapiens specimen.
The professor experiments with apparent disregard for the rotted state of her body.
He murders one and brings her back to his lab.
When he has created a serum that he believes will bring back the dead and grant immortality.
He cuts off all and then he injects her with the serum.
She returns and infects the professor  then breaks out of the building and  while naked  begins infecting students.
When they try to help her.
A month later  the university has a full-fledged outbreak.
Is confirmed.
Ellis  an agent  goes in search of his fellow agent  Alexandra Morgan  also known as Nightingale.
He finds her.
The cook was bitten by the infected professor while on break.
Alexandra is forced to execute the zombies  and returns to base with Ellis.
They are ordered to retrieve a blood sample from the originally infected specimen on campus  warning  regardless of.
Missiles will level the campus.
Whether the agents are still present or not.
She assigns a gender-mixed Special Forces team.
S.
Marines to provide them.
Ellis openly questions the competence  leading to friction between the two units.
The soldiers encounter zombies.
Their newest member  an overweight private panics and falls.
Who has no combat experience.
A second member engages the zombie.
His M16A4 is knocked away.
He can fire.
He and the zombie engage.
The zombie is killed  but is able to bite the soldier.
He attempts to hide the injury  but is discovered.
His arm is severed to stem the infection.
He transforms despite the amputation  and bites the squad medic.
Both are executed.
The team continues forward.
They proceed to battle.
Two female soldiers  Lieutenant Henson and Private Rodriguez  and a male soldier  Bart investigate the dorms.
They break.
Where they find the deceased naked body.
Bart attempts to pose and have a picture taken  and is bitten by a mosquito trapped in the room.
Fearing contamination  but unwilling to execute Bart  exit the room  falling back to the van.
Who is threatening them.
Meanwhile  the second team   are attacked multiple times.
Eventually  every soldier escorting them is killed.
They fight their way  and find the original specimen still imprisoned  as well as a pair of students.
Who had survived.
They enter the confinement room and extract blood  but are forced to kill it.
When it breaks free.
The two students are overrun and torn apart.
Who had allowed them.
The two agents escape.
The zombies are feeding.
Henson and Rodriguez make it.
This occurs.
There  they prepare to rescue the agents.
Rodriguez is bitten.
Who was locked by the soldier assigned to guard it.
Henson executes Rodriguez.
The duo arrive.
Ellis and Alexandra fight their way.
The agents make it.
The blood sample vial is destroyed.
They are forced to turn back.
Minutes before missiles level the campus.
They retrieve a second vial.
Henson is bitten.
She remains behind and commits suicide   disguising themselves.
The agents escape.
They escape back.
Where they find that Bart broke free by amputating his hand.
He threatens Ellis  arguing.
They could make millions.
Ellis is forced to give him the vial.
Bart decides to kill Ellis anyway  but is shot by Alexandra.
He can.
His dying action is to pull the pin  destroying the vial in the process.
The two agents escape.
The missiles level the campus.
Alexandra is wounded  but uncertain of.
Whether it s a bite or not.
Ellis refuses to execute her.
The two leave the city  finding.
The infection has spread.
<EOS>
Psychiatrist Dr Tony Flagg does his friend Stephen Arden a favor.
Amanda  a singer  ca nt seem to make a decision about Stephen s many proposals of marriage  so Tony probes her subconscious.
Amanda falls in love with him.
He brings her interest back  but then realizes.
He also loves her and tries to hypnotize her again  leading with Stephen.
He breaks into her dressing room with his assistant Connors and gets the chance to talk to her subconcious.
When Stephen accidentally hits her.
The two marry  much to the surprise of the guests.
<EOS>
Dr Lauren Slaughter is an American woman.
Who now lives  working for a think tank.
Who take credit and dissatisfied with her low wages.
One such  identifying himself  turns out to be Lord Bulbeck  a trusted House of Lords member with a key role in national defense.
The two strike up a relationship.
Goes  enjoying each other s conversation and intelligence.
But  investigators doing a background check on Lord Bulbeck come upon his relationship with the high-priced call girl  someone might have an ulterior motive.
They suspect.
<EOS>
A Greater Yes  The Story is based on the true story of Texas teenager Amy Newhouse.
Whose battle did not save her life  but sparked a revival in her community.
Amy was a very popular girl.
She is stricken.
Amy ultimately learns.
The yes is not what she expects  but became instead a greater yes.
Revival breaks out.
Amy s faith becomes an example.
<EOS>
Separated  Big Bird and Barkley find help from a friendly young woman.
Who is planning to leave Japan.
She offers to take the pair.
She says.
Big Bird witnesses some with the help of the mysterious young woman and the friends of hers he stays with.
She introduces him  and teaches him some simple Japanese vocabulary.
Big Bird is increasingly vexed.
He has not learned the young woman s name  and the fact that she has a tendency to have disappeared quite suddenly when he turns to speak.
One night  finding difficulty  he happens to catch sight of her standing in the garden  singing an achingly melancholy song to the moon.
Attending an elementary school.
He  Barkley and their mysterious helper are supposed to leave.
Acted out.
One learns the story of Kaguya-hime  a young girl found in a shining bamboo stump.
Who later reveals herself.
She then must return  and leave her adoptive family behind.
Big Bird and Barkley arrive almost too late.
Their worried companion scolds them lightly.
They re.
She orders put.
They disembark.
Them to stay.
That they do nt get lost and miss meeting up.
But Big Bird and Barkley are much too intrigued  and end up at the Sanjusangendo Temple.
Barkley becomes frightened and runs away  with a distraught Big Bird in pursuit.
Long returns to the spot.
Where their young guide had told them to stay.
Finding her there  he apologizes  explaining.
What happened.
The young woman forgives Big Bird  and reveals.
She has found Barkley and also located their tour  which is now certain to wait.
Big Bird  trying to find the words to thank her  says.
He does nt even know her name.
Kaguya-hime  their guide says softly.
Big Bird suddenly recalls  Barkley  she needs us NOW.
Where he d heard the name before  and rushes off to find her.
Seven imposing men enter from all sides.
They are colorless.
They surround her  and back  reveal a young girl in junihitoe.
She turns colorless as well  and the procession marches slowly to the movie s most majestic music.
Big Bird arrives.
Seeing no one else  convinces himself  thinking the friendly young woman really could be the Bamboo Princess.
He was just being silly.
Big Bird reminisces on everything.
He has learned  while through Big Bird s window  unseen  Kaguya-hime s procession walks in stately elegance across the face of the full moon.
The bamboo forest is revisited  revealing the shining bamboo stump.
Kaguya-hime had come.
<EOS>
Pandippada is the story.
Who are landlords that brutally rule villages.
Bhuvana Chandran is a 25 year old man.
Who gets a piece.
He has a lot.
He has to sell this land.
Order to clear that.
But Pandi Durai and Karuppayya will not allow him to sell the land.
Bhuvana chandran comes.
Then he sees his best friend Bhasi.
Who lived there and asks.
Bhasi takes him.
Whose gang he was a member.
Bhuvana joins Pandi s group.
Later he falls.
Who is the daughter.
But Pandi Durai also wants to marry Meena.
This makes Pandi and Bhuvana.
Pandi wants to kill Bhuvana.
Karuppayya fixes the marriage.
Pandi also fixes his marriage on the same date.
Follows. 
He can not see him.
Pandi realises his mistakes and forgives them both and attends their marriage.
The film was remade as Poola Rangadu directed by Veerabhadram starring Sunil and Isha Chawla in lead roles.
<EOS>
Alice Bloom is a ten-year-old girl.
Is trying to understand how love works.
She is infatuated.
She often looks from across the street.
Their bedroom windows are level.
Alice starts to copy every detail  including her perfume and the record she listens to.
She notices Sheryl speeding up to pick up her own father.
Alice and her mother pick up her father.
She then tells her mother.
Amazing Sheryl is   how she was slapped in the face by one of her Catholic School teachers and never cried  and how she ran the mile in gym.
Alice s mother does not believe.
What she is saying.
One day she decides to go bowling and is ridiculed by them.
When she rolls a ball.
Her friends award her and calling her a dufus.
Reeling  she immediately becomes excited.
When Sheryl walks.
Sheryl  seemingly innocent and moral  rejects their advances.
She rings the bell.
A boy named.
Rick appears.
They are instantly attracted.
She constantly watches.
Alice continues with her friends.
Sheryl s every move.
Her friends then mention.
They think Sheryl s breasts are fake  because they do not move.
Alice insists  so they make.
They are real.
Her walk to ask her.
But  Rick pages her to come back.
She can get there.
A police officer tells her.
Her father just died.
Sheryl is obviously upset.
She notices her bowling shoes and goes to the bowling alley to return them.
She is sitting.
There she finds Rick repairing one.
He tells her.
They are closed.
She starts crying over her father.
Rick walks Sheryl home  and leads to their first kiss.
This is observed.
Who earlier had spotted Sheryl running to go.
The next day Rick comes back.
They take Sheryl.
Sheryl pours her heart out.
They spend the whole day and night together.
<EOS>
The Tall Blond Man is once again press-ganged into service.
Colonel Toulouse needs to prove that the Tall Blond Man is a real super-secret agent and not somebody chosen.
Toulouse has a new boss -- the former Minister has become the Minister of Interior.
Perrin s assassination and funeral are staged.
Both are comically bungled.
Christine appears again.
She tries to shoot Francois.
Eventually  Boy Gets Girl Back.
<EOS>
Akasa Ramanna  the narrator  starts  The story also involves P.
Thimothy and his lecherous friends.
Raana is.
He seeks his friend and a supermarket owner Jai s help.
Jai himself being can not help Raana.
He is arrested.
Two murders happen to spice up the story.
Rao Ramesh suspects Teja.
Teja is introduced by a fake god-man Swamiji  in the local bar.
The ` godman  is punished with death by ` karma.
At the other end are  Raana and Jai.
Who are taken by a treacherous woman.
Raana is.
Jai mysteriously needs the same amount.
Thimothy and gang are.
Meanwhile  Teja hits a person.
There is a terrible link back and forth within a 40 minute duration leading to revealing the suspense.
The entire film runs and is based on an incident.
Takes place.
<EOS>
A recently married young couple  Stefan and Valerie  are.
They check.
Stefan seems oddly unenthused.
It is off-season  so the couple are alone.
Alone  that is   Elizabeth Bathory arrives in a vintage Bristol driven by her ` secretary  Ilona.
The middle-aged concierge swears.
He saw the Countess when he was a little boy.
The countess quickly becomes obsessed.
The resulting interaction leads to sadism and murder.
Ilona  Stefan  then the Countess all die  leaving Valerie  now transformed  stalking new victims.
<EOS>
The Pink Panther and an unnamed painter -LRB- affectionately known  Jerry.
Compete over.
Whether a house should be painted blue or pink.
Each time the painter attempts to paint something blue  the panther thwarts him.
The painter inadvertently turns the house and everything around it pink.
The panther moves in.
But  he paints the white man completely pink.
Before he moves in.
The white man gets very upset and bangs his head.
The Pink Panther then walks.
The sun sets.
<EOS>
The film explores the past and present lives during a night s taxi ride.
The characters include Masayo a divorced woman  and Sakaki  a diabetic passenger.
Who works.
Who wants to go.
<EOS>
Five friends go into hiding only to stumble upon a baby.
Who changes their lives.
The film s plot is very similar Baby s Day Out.
<EOS>
The story goes.
The Pink Panther visits a laundromat  and initially has trouble getting his laundry to stay without coming out from a nearby machine.
The panther gets stuck.
Struggling. 
He attracts the attention of a little dog.
Who barks angrily.
More mishaps occur.
When the little pointy-nosed man walks.
<EOS>
Engineer Cal Miller s unauthorized attempt to close off the dangerously unstable Madison Bridge is foiled.
The chase ends.
Begins falling apart.
The wounded police officer and a handful find themselves stranded with the armed suspect upon a short stretch of crumbling pavement high atop a single collapsing pylon.
Miller organizes a rescue operation.
<EOS>
.
Jacquou  a young peasant  lives happily with his parents.
Misfortune falls.
When Jacquou s father is hunted.
Jacquou s father flees the town but promises his son.
He will join the family soon.
Jacquou is acquainted.
When his mother works with her identity untold.
Jacquou at first tries to harm Galiote.
She throws pebbles  leaving the pigs agitated.
However he changes his mind and saves her  leaving both Lina and Galiote impressed and grateful.
Jacquou s mother loses her job and is forced to leave the house with Jacquou.
To make everything worse  all her attempts to save her husband fail as well.
Jacquou s father is then captured and dies.
She makes.
Jacquou swear to avenge his father s death.
Jacquou s mother soon dies due.
Having no one to take care  Jacquou begs on the streets alongside other children.
Whom he befriends.
And one cold winter night  Jacquou decides to kill himself to death in a cemetery beside a church.
He is discovered.
Who resuscitates him.
Jacquou grows up and works as an altar boy.
He has his first confrontation.
Jacquou becomes an adult.
Nansac shows up  uninvited.
Ruins the festive mood.
His daughter Galiote joins his father as well.
It is revealed.
She has a secret longing.
Jacquou humiliates Nansac and defies his authority.
Infuriated Nansac soon has his men capture Jacquou and pushes him.
Nevertheless Jacquou manages to get out  finding a room filled  and plots with his friends to overthrow Nansac.
Jacquou finds Galiote.
When he returns home.
Who came in to avoid the rain.
He soon softens and gives her some before telling her to go home.
Jacquou orders her to get out.
She is faced and narrowly escapes their hands.
When Galiote gets out.
Jacquou attacks Nansac s castle.
A group goes in to secure the weapons he discovered earlier.
Many are killed by hidden marksmen.
The nobles find themselves cornered.
Jacquou fights Nansac alone and defeats him.
Jacquou responds.
When people urge him to kill Nansac.
He would rather see him deteriorate miserably.
Everyone seems to have gotten out  the nobles notice.
Galiote is still.
Jacquou returns to save her and hands her over.
Jacquou thanks the townspeople for helping him but tells them not to be involved any further.
They will probably be executed.
Some time later Jacquou is seen.
He faces charge and sexually assauting Galiote  brought on by Nansac.
However Galiote testifies and swears.
He never touched her.
Jacquou is freed.
Nansac  impoverished and homeless  tastes another defeat.
Jacquou s friends tells him.
Galiote is about to leave the town.
Persuaded  Jacquou goes to bid adieu.
He is finally reconciled.
He hugs her.
<EOS>
The film is a tribute.
Where director De Sica spent his first years  this is a collection  a clown exploited by a hoodlum  an inconsistent pizza seller losing her husband s ring  the funeral of a child  the impoverished inveterate gambler Count Prospero B.
Being reduced to force his concierge s preteen kid to play cards  the unexpected and unusual wedding of Teresa  a prostitute  the exploits professor Ersilio Micci  a wisdom seller.
Who solves problems.
<EOS>
Metacritic reported.
The film had an average score out of 100  based on 14 reviews.
Immediately Nagara are stalked by the men of a warlord she recently assassinated.
They are forced to join forces with a local resistance and a group of bandits.
Order to kill the last remaining warlord and bring lasting peace.
To make things even more complicated  she must also confront her emotions in regards to a fighter.
Who bears a scary resemblance.
An action game  based on manga s original story  was developed by Gargoyle Mechanics and released in Japan only by Entertainment Software Publishing in.
IGN  Azumi.
The game was also.
The theatrical version  directed  premiered on April 3  2005  starring Meisa Kuroki as Azumi.
<EOS>
The film begins.
He hides.
What was following him.
Something comes up  throwing him up into the air and back down again.
He looks around.
The man screams.
Something begins eating him.
The camera turns.
The man dies.
Are slowly overtaken.
John Hickman and his girlfriend Brooks are a pair.
Who invite their friends  self-proclaimed tough guy and wannabe soldier Ben  his close friend Wayne  as well as chef Quincy and his dog Wolfgang.
Ben and Wayne ca nt stand Brooks.
The feeling is mutual-they spend much.
Enroute  they stop and encounter a van of hippie women and their cult leader  the Hippie Stranger.
Who live in a commune  presumably raising emus for meat.
They learn about a local legend called The Ripper  a legendary killer hog.
Supposedly weighs several thousand pounds.
They make their way to the cabin and camp outside.
The next morning  they encounter cocaine addicted hillbilly brothers Jake and Ricky Tibbs  cousins.
Who are interested.
An old feud still exists.
Who is a Gulf War veteran  showing signs.
His brother Jake appears to be the only person maintaining control and keeping Ricky.
Quincy   is obviously inexperienced.
Who is eager to get to know them.
Ricky accuses Wolfgang.
Boastful Ben makes a fool  not being able to hit the target even once.
When Jake Tibbs sets up some targets to see how well the others can shoot.
Wayne hits it not more than a couple.
Brooks outshoots both men  by hitting the target with every shot.
They encounter.
The group makes their trip.
An area called the Big Wallow  and  using a piglet call  they manage to attract several pigs to their location.
One rams into Wayne s leg at full charge giving him a compound fracture at thekneecap and incapacitating him.
Wolfgang goes charging.
Brooks shows off her marksmanship talents and kills one.
Ricky calls Jake to come look disturbing.
He s observed.
It has no protective armor.
.
Is not a full grown animal as they had thought  but a piglet-a very  very big piglet.
Quincy reappears  very excited.
As everyone is beginning to wonder.
He had encountered a large crop and now leads the others to it  leaving Brooks with Wayne.
Looking. 
A conflict emerges.
He wants no part.
There is also a strange and disturbing sign posted.
Leads John to think that the hippies that he thought were raising emus are actually growing pot instead.
Ricky snaps  and holds John at bay with a crossbow.
John and Jake Tibbs are trying to gain control.
When Ben arrives  thinks Ricky is about to kill John  and shoots him.
Jake flees to tell his clan.
The others return.
Quincy and Ben start making their way back.
Brooks and John leave Wayne to find something to make a stretcher.
Wayne is attacked by something  and manages to fire off a single round.
We do nt see.
Brooks and John circle back and find him missing  as well as Ricky s body.
Meanwhile  Ben and Quincy make their way back.
They find Wolfgang s mutilated body  and determine.
He was killed.
Ricky and Jake s clan make their appearance  Ben manages to kill his pursuer and escape.
Quincy is knocked out.
He was attempting to escape in.
Meanwhile  John and Brooks run  he is carrying a cattle prod  and tells them.
They hide.
He is looking  and that they can contact the police from his commune.
He helps them beat off an attack.
Several hillbillies are killed.
Ben has found the commune.
Where he is given drugs  and led into an enormous  muddy pen.
He encounters a dying Wayne.
Who says that something has been eating him.
Ben turns.
Something approaches him  and screams.
The remaining Tibbs clan members have reached the woods  they are stalked and killed  one by one  by the murderous hippie women-all except one man.
Who is seized.
Brooks and John arrive.
They force him.
When John questions why Ben s equipment is there  but not Ben himself.
The leader takes Brooks out.
We are shown.
What has been attacking people.
Meanwhile  Jake makes his way  and is confronted by some of the women.
He shoots a couple  and forces one of the women to let him into John s cell.
The hippie woman.
Jake sees the Ripper out and freezes in shock.
He brought with him attacks  stabbing him before John kills her.
Jake dies.
The Hippie Stranger prepares to sacrifice Brooks.
Brooks gets a hold and pokes him with it  causing him to cry out  attracting the Ripper s attention.
The creature eviscerates him.
Brooks remains as quiet.
John forces his way.
Using a crossbow  he fires an arrow up  killing it.
They come face to face.
Brooks and John make their escape.
Fadeout with a quote from Orwell s Animal Farm.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who failed to report a $ 49000 shortage.
He s accused and quickly fired from his job.
He is then prevented.
Who is convinced Donovan took the money.
Donovan tries to clear his name but even his wife does nt think.
He ll be able to do it.
Turns out the money was heisted working at the bank.
<EOS>
The plot opens over flowing from a flat in E-block watchman.
Is seen.
He witnesses a young woman Ramya.
When he goes.
Who had drowned.
Eventually the investigation is taking place.
Is done.
Vasu doubts and starts to investigate it.
The circumstantial evidence claims it.
It is not a suicide.
Ramya was known to be.
His frequent visit is confirmed by the neighbors in the apartment during the investigation.
But Vasu is not convinced.
He is sure.
There is someone him MrX.
Vasu is denied by her father.
He is not willing to give hands to Vasu who is ambitious about becoming a police officer.
But true reason is Vasu-Ramya s love.
Is not accepted.
She does not accept and both part away.
When Vasu asks her to marry.
Ramya marries the groom Bala  a businessman.
The relationship is entirely cut between Vasu and Ramya.
Vasu then becomes a police officer.
Meanwhile a series take  a man dies by the piercing of umbrella tip in his neck  the watch man of the flat.
Place dies by an electric shock.
Vasu could relate the deaths.
He does find how.
He appoints a few assistants to live and inform him.
There is any suspected person comes there.
The assistants point out a young man and also inform Vasu.
Who came there to meet his girl friend and chases him.
Vasu doubts him to be X and follows him.
He sees the ` X  dashing himself and dies in the theatre rest room.
He tried to catch him.
Vasu could also see human foot prints walking.
Subtle symbols keep appearing.
He begins to receive premonitions to take place.
The red color and water premonitions and signals.
When appearing together are.
A murder is about to take place.
Vasu is not able to convince his superiors.
He investigates after death and finds.
A life can contact this world after the death.
It may be also.
Vasu now understands.
Ramya kills everyone.
She possesses her sister Divya s body and reveals the truth after their separation to Vasu.
Ramya married Bala and lived happily.
Bala is a person.
Who dislikes anything second hand.
He can not digest his wife s past relation and starts torturing her.
Ramya s maid servant complaints.
Who is harassing her sexually.
Ramya warns the master.
He would repeat this she would inform it.
Ramya advises a girl to stop having a boy friend.
It will spoil her life.
This earns her the dislike.
Ramya s opposite apartment woman wants the flat.
Where Ramya lives.
The boy friend creates an impression.
He has come to visit Ramya.
She spins false story.
The master also confirms it for taking revenge on her.
So Bala kills Ramya and drowns her.
Ramya kills the woman.
Who supported the false statement by dashing him in the mirror.
Vasu warns Bala.
He will soon catch him.
Bala s friend misguides.
He is killed.
As he threatened to reveal the truth.
Bala is clear himself admit the crime.
He can be caught only if he.
But he is caught.
Bala reveals the truth.
He killed his wife.
Actually Ramya possessed him and made.
Him speak the truth.
She leaves him.
Bala defends.
She left.
He has not killed his wife.
Vasu then understands.
What happened.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
Which Los Angeles Police Department detectives Karl Hettinger and Ian Campbell were kidnapped and taken to an onion field near Bakersfield  where Campbell was shot and killed.
Hettinger managed to escape.
Hettinger s eyewitness account leads.
Who are tried and convicted.
Powell and Smith learn.
They languish.
To exploit the legal system.
Their sentences are reduced to life imprisonment following a court decision abolishing executions in California.
Meanwhile  Hettinger s physical condition and emotional state slowly deteriorate.
His failure to act more aggressively is questioned by those in authority and his fellow officers.
Racked  he experiences nightmares  impotence  weight loss  kleptomania  and thoughts of suicide.
<EOS>
Wealthy publisher Britt Reid and his trusted Asian servant disguise themselves  The Green Hornet  and his faithful servant  Kato.
They battle the growing power and his varied rackets across the city.
All of which have strong links.
<EOS>
Yakobi is an orphan.
Who works.
Orange is the name.
He falls with Saritha and gets married.
His sisters neither relatives did not know.
Later Saritha gave birth.
His relatives enquire.
Whenever he goes.
He is still staying.
When Yakobi was returning after visiting his native place.
Yakobi came to know.
Continuing their journey.
His name was Muthu.
He was coming to attend an interview.
Where Yakobi is working.
But unfortunately they could not reach the farm.
Yakobi somehow made arrangements to get a temporary job in the dairy farm.
He invites him.
When Yakobi meets one.
This serves.
<EOS>
Note  This plot is.
Some scenes described below are omitted.
Cardinal Richelieu is influencing Louis XIII in an attempt to gain further power.
He convinces Louis.
The fortifications should be demolished to prevent Protestants from uprising.
Louis agrees  but forbids Richelieu not to damage the town.
Meanwhile   the Governor has died  leaving control of the city to Urbain Grandier  a dissolute and proud but popular and well-regarded priest.
He is having an affair  unaware.
The deformed  neurotic Sister Jeanne  head  is sexually obsessed with him.
She asks to become the convent s new confessor.
Grandier secretly marries another woman  Madeline De Brou.
News reaches Sister Jeanne  driving her to insanity.
Baron Jean de Laubardemont arrives to demolish the city  overriding Grandier s orders to stop.
Grandier summons the town s soldiers and forces Laubardemont to back down.
Grandier departs Loudun to visit the King.
Sister Jeanne is informed by Father Mignon.
He is to be her new confessor.
She informs him  and also inadvertently accuses Grandier of witchcraft and of possessing her.
Mignon relays this information.
The information is boiled down to just the claim.
Grandier has bewitched the convent and has had commerce.
Laubardemont and Mignon decide to find evidence against him.
Laubardemont summons the lunatic inquisitor Father Pierre Barre  a professional.
Whose interrogations actually involve depraved acts.
Sister Jeanne claims.
Grandier has bewitched her.
The other nuns do the same.
A public exorcism erupts.
Which nuns remove their clothes and enter a state.
Duke Henri de Conde arrives  claiming to be carrying a holy relic.
Can remove the devils possessing the nuns.
Father Barre exorcises the nuns.
They appear.
Though they have been cured.
Conde/Louis reveals the case allegedly containing the relic to be empty.
The possessions and the exorcisms are a sham.
Which the nuns sexually assault and desecrate a statue.
Grandier and his wife return and are immediately arrested.
Grandier is shaven and tortured.
He eventually manages to convince Mignon that he is innocent.
The judges  clearly  sentence Grandier to death by burning at the stake.
Laubardemont has also obtained permission to destroy the city s fortifications.
He refuses.
He is then taken to be burnt.
His executioner promises to strangle him rather than let him suffer the agonising death.
He would otherwise experience.
However  the overzealous Barre starts the fire himself.
Mignon  now visibly panic-stricken  pulls the noose tight.
It can be used to strangle the priest.
Laubardemont gives the order for explosive charges to be set off.
The city walls are blown up  causing the people to flee.
Barre leaves Loudun to continue his witch-hunting activities elsewhere in the southwest of France.
Laubardemont informs Sister Jeanne.
Mignon has been put away for claiming that Grandier was innocent  and that with no signed confession to prove otherwise  everyone has the same opinion.
He gives her one and leaves.
Sister Jeanne  now completely broken  masturbates pathetically.
Grandier s wife  having been released  is seen walking away.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Peter Parker  a freelance photographer  is bitten by a radioactive spider and discovers.
He has gained superpowers  to climb sheer walls and ceilings.
Peter becomes the costumed hero Spider-Man to stop the crook s fiendish scheme.
When a mysterious Guru places people to rob banks and threatens to have 10 New Yorkers commit suicide at his command unless the city pays him $ 50 million.
<EOS>
Toronto bank employee Dan Mahowny is given access to bigger and bigger accounts with his promotion to assistant branch manager.
His boss trusts him but is unaware.
Mahowny is a compulsive gambler.
Mahowny is soon skimming larger and larger amounts and making weekly trips to Atlantic City.
Where he is treated by a greedy casino manager.
Mahowny s girlfriend  fellow bank employee Belinda  ca nt understand.
What is happening.
Mahowny s criminal acts come to light.
When Toronto police begin to investigate his longtime bookie.
The movie s focus is -- it has on the rest of his life.
His compulsion drives him and all the domino effects.
The love story and the inclusion of other finely drawn characters such as hapless casino employee Bernie put the emphasis squarely on the gambling addiction  not on the flash and sizzle of big casinos or multi-million-dollar frauds.
Film critic Roger Ebert named Owning Mahowny one of.
<EOS>
Ma and Pa Kettle have lived.
The Kettles  arch-nemesis  Birdie Hicks  organizes a town council meeting to condemn the Kettles  garbage dump farm.
Pa Kettle enters a contest to win a.
Alvin  the town s mailman  calls about a telegram declaring Pa Kettle the winner of the contest.
Mayor Dwiggins is delighted and cancels the meeting to deliver this notice.
All arrive at Ma and Pa s farmhouse.
They are greeted.
Who attack them.
Ma comes out and calls Pa.
All Pa wanted.
Was a new tobacco pouch.
The family move and enjoy it  throwing a party there.
It has modern television  and rows.
Simultaneously fold up.
He alone moves back to further avoid such troublesome gadgets.
Pa suffers a sunburned face.
He is then accused.
His wife and children have to literally fight off authorities arriving to evict them from the modern house.
Pa is finally exonerated.
They can keep the house.
Their older son gets married.
Gets financing to improve his improved chicken incubator  and.
<EOS>
Introduction  The Road Runner zooms  labeled Digoutius-unbelievablii  and then moves away to escape Wile E.
Coyote  labeled.
Eventually  the chase leads  leaving the coyote confused as to.
Way his enemy went.
The bird answers by pulling up behind him and beeping  giving the coyote a real headache on the rocks above.
However   the bird pulls behind him a second time.
He can chase the Road Runner.
Wile instantly suspects the situation  and peeks.
This only leads.
When the Road Runner beeps.
The chase now begins  ending.
When the Road Runner barely escapes the coyote s grip and sets a bridge due to his speed.
Wile does his best to slow down and falls down.
When he sees the upcoming hole left  but fails.
Comes up.
To catch the Road Runner .
His opponent attempts to drop a hand grenade.
The Road Runner is munching.
However  the grenade   drops onto a power line and is hoisted directly back to its owner  instantly wiping the laugh off his face.
The grenade explodes.
The coyote lets go.
This  however  causes a second grenade to be thrown up and explode on him as well.
Later on  Wile paces the cliff.
He s still.
It is nt.
He stops that he comes up with a new plan.
.
Wile E.
Starts his painful trapeze act and ends up getting scraped  hitting the top of a tunnel and hit by the face by an ACME truck.
.
Hoping to ambush the Road Runner  Wile E.
Loads a firework and prepares to fire it at the Road Runner.
It explodes first.
.
Having mined the road  the coyote has logistical problems with the match.
His first attempts has the match burn his face.
Finally he is gratefully helped out.
Who gives the coyote a lit match.
The Road Runner disappears  causing the coyote to chase after him.
The Road Runner then stops next.
He dodges the explosion  leaving Wile to take the entire blast.
.
To hopefully squash the Road Runner  the coyote flips a rock  rather predictably leading to the entire outcropping breaking off.
Wile continues to flip the rock over.
It is only.
When the rock ends up that he realizes what is happening.
He runs.
Wile E.
Lands   then down onto the see-saw again before he flips the rock onto himself.
The rock smashes and sends the coyote up into a rockface.
.
It looks good for Wile E.
Coyote  tearing apart the river.
He attempts to catch the Road Runner.
However   he sees.
When he climbs out to attempt to grab his opponent.
He is going and only barely steers himself back in the other direction.
The coyote relaxes.
He ends up falling off a second waterfall.
The coyote tries to use raw speed to catch the Road Runner and tests his new high-speed tonic on an unsuspecting mouse.
The mouse rattles around  and runs up and down a rock.
Arch to return.
Happy.
Releases the mouse  still suffering the effects  into his hole  and then drinks the entire bottle of it himself.
Wile begins the chase and quickly begins to erase the Road Runner s considerable head start.
However   the Road Runner sidesteps and trips the coyote  making him roll out into a construction zone and then into a dynamite shed  along with a kerosene lamp.
As it is getting down.
Explodes everything inside.
The small silo top is transformed.
Is fired along with its rider and explodes  creating fireworks in the starry night sky  much to Road Runner s amusement.
<EOS>
Appu and Maya were childhood sweethearts.
Their parents had agreed.
Appu is treated as his own son.
This makes her uncle jealous.
However  Maya s life turns upside down.
When she is identified to her mother s royal family.
Her Uncle then forces her to hate Appu for her to marry someone from the royal family.
Meanwhile Appu and his best friend Mani try to win her back.
<EOS>
The film chronicles the Battle  a turning point in World War II in the Pacific.
The Imperial Japanese Navy had been undefeated and out-numbered the American naval forces by four to one.
Garth calls with a long-time friend to investigate the charges against the Sakuras.
Captain Garth himself was killed.
When his plane crashed.
The film starts  and so takes place before the Battle of the Coral Sea.
It depicts the creation.
Unknown intelligence has broken the Japanese Naval encryption codes and know ahead of time.
The ambush will take place.
American Admiral Chester Nimitz  plays a desperate gamble.
Successful.
Nimitz reflects.
Yamamoto had everything going  asking were we better than the Japanese  or just luckier.
<EOS>
The film is narrated.
She is obsessed.
Whom she calls The Girl.
One night the girl takes the artist.
Where she lives.
They make love.
The girl   tells the artist.
Who does not usually sleep.
It is just one night.
They begin seeing each other.
The girl continues to see men.
The artist has a long term lover  Bu Save.
Who accepts the artist s obsession.
The artist draws and paints the girl  but gradually grows frustrated.
She notices a man watching her and the girl.
The man behaves aggressively and.
He starts following the artist and sends threatening letters.
The girl refuses.
The man follows the artist and tries to attack her.
The artist asks advice.
Who gives her a gun.
She discovers.
When the artist can not find the girl.
She has gone away.
The artist gives the girl the gun.
When the man and the girl return.
The artist gets beaten up.
She finds the man there  naked and asleep.
When she goes to meet the girl.
She leaves.
The next day she returns and tells the girl.
She is leaving her.
The artist puts all her energy.
One day she goes back.
She hears gunshots.
She climbs the stairs.
She finds the man dead.
The girl wound to her side.
<EOS>
The barn dance is the occasion.
Brings together Minnie Mouse and her two suitors  Mickey and Peg-Leg Pete.
The latter two and their vehicles are first seen arriving in an attempt to pick her up for the dance.
Mickey turns up Pete in a newly purchased automobile.
Minnie initially chooses Pete to drive her.
The automobile unexpectedly breaks down.
She resorts.
They are later seen dancing together.
Mickey proves to be a rather clumsy dancer.
He repeatedly steps.
She consequently turns down his invitation.
She instead accepts that.
Who proves to be a better dancing partner.
Mickey then attempts to solve his problem.
That apparently helps him to be light.
He proceeds to ask Minnie.
She accepts and is surprised to find his dancing skills to have apparently improved.
Pete soon discovers Mickey s trick and points it out.
Minnie is visibly disgusted.
She leaves Mickey and resumes dancing with Pete  leaving Mickey crying on the floor.
This short is notable.
It is also an unusual appearance  previously depicted as a menacing villain  he is portrayed here as a well-mannered gentleman.
Mickey was not depicted as a hero but as a rather ineffective young suitor.
Mickey appears unusually emotional and vulnerable.
<EOS>
Chandrasekhar is an IPS officer.
Who lives a lonely life.
His family broke down.
When Deepthi took their daughter away.
He lives.
He withdraws himself and is happy to live quietly.
When unlawful incidents take place.
But  things change.
When he is made the head in Kochi.
Chandrasekhar is his cool self  focussing more on household chores and the chessboard on his table.
Things seem to change.
When he single-handedly saves three college girls abducted.
He is somewhat disgusted.
Chandrasekhar manages to arrest Jerome and rescue the three girls.
Deepthi and her friend Jacob are assigning Jerome to prison  as it turns out that the three girls had been mocking Jerome which led to his actions.
Also  the police commissioner Susan wants Jerome out.
She happens to be his cousin.
Chandrasekhar gets a congratulatory note.
Who challenges Chandrasekhar to figure out how he is going to bump off one target.
Chandrasekhar is forced to take up the investigation.
Follows a mysterious alphabetical pattern and a cross slit.
He s trying to connect up with his daughter.
Who is preparing under the lead of famous drama actor Mark Roshan.
One day Chandrasekhar revealed the story to his senior officer.
It was regarding a murder case.
Who died due.
He had an illegal affair and had helped her financially.
Chandrasekhar was sure  he even accused Chandrika.
It was a murder  also knowing the fact that Chandrika was even 20 minutes before his death.
She came to know.
Chandrasekhar was discussing this case.
Later   Chandrasekhar comes to know.
Questioning Chandrika.
Deepthi was Chandrika s lawyer and that she helped her to get and used the evidences that Chandrasekhar had shown her for her professional gain  as Deepthi was just a beginner in her profession then.
This  led to the separation between Chandrasekhar and Deepthi.
Plagued the former.
It was later on.
Deepthi finally confessed that the women that were murdered were all involved.
She reveals.
Paul had an interest  and had plans for marriage with Chandrika.
She also reveals.
Alice  who owned a small cloth-shop then  was Chandrika s secret partner.
Slowly  Chandrika started taking advantage  by bringing in Beena.
Who was then 16 year old.
Gradually Alice  Beena  and Chandrika became a sex racket.
Who blackmailed their customers.
He withdrew his relationship and demanded back the money.
When Paul came to know the true colour.
Had been all the while.
So  Chandrika had no other way other.
To do so  she reconciles her relationship again after rubbing off the rough edges.
It was then one day.
Chandrika injected poison so that it would be certified as a suicide.
It was then Deepthi felt.
Her inner mind never allowed her before Chandrasekhar.
Believing and knowing  Chandrasekhar comes by to attend his daughter s drama play along and came across a religious fanatic named Victor Rosetti.
A friend or relative might be the one responsible for the murders.
Deepthi is to become the next target.
It was assumed.
Victor is responsible  as he was present in all the three crime scenes  in disguise of a salesman who came to sell products with the three ladies before the murders according to witnesses  and has been stalking Deepthi throughout the events.
The latter commits suicide.
As Chandrasekhar finally manages to corner Victor.
Then he questions.
Dr Jacob and Chandrasekhar says that he has evidence.
The scene is.
What then allows the real murderer to come in and strangling Deepthi.
He is stopped at the last minute.
Chandrasekhar then finally corners the real murderer.
He turns out to be none other himself.
Who then reveals himself to be the young brother.
Chandrasekhar then admits.
He falsely accused Dr Jacob to bait Mark into revealing himself as the culprit.
Mark confessed.
When he confronts Mark.
He has held a grudge.
He then reveals his ultimate plan  first  he pretended to be with Beena  and chose Alice Coffee Pub as their meeting place.
He had forced Beena not to reveal his identity.
Then  he kills Alice 10th by strangling her to death.
He went for a night drive with her.
Beena was done.
Gifted her a red scarf.
Strangled her with the same.
Then came March.
It was Chandrika s turn.
He strangled her with the same red scarf.
Mark also confessed.
He has manipulated Victor into believing that he did the murders himself in order to cover his tracks.
He also planned to commit the final murder on Deepthi during the drama play.
Knowing  he would attempt to use the scenery to complete his plan.
Victor would be caught.
Mark tries to jump from the stage to murder Deepthi with a dagger  but is shot to death by Chandrasekhar  thus saving Deepthi s life.
The film then ends.
The movie is loosely based.
Where the murderer signs off to the detective Hercule Poirot.
There is some loose similarity  as well as the alphabetical names of the victims.
That is not to take away the fact.
The movie has been well done.
<EOS>
Celia Crowson and her family go to the south coast of England in the summer of.
Soon afterwards the Second World War breaks out.
Celia s father joins.
What was to become the Home Guard.
Her more confident sister Phyllis joins the Auxiliary Territorial Service.
Fearing her father s disapproval  Celia hesitates but eventually her call-up papers arrive.
She moves away.
Hoping to join the WAAF or one  Celia instead gets.
Posted Jennifer Knowles.
Knowles dislikes the work Charlie Forbes.
They have to do  causing friction with their supervisor.
Eventually blossoms.
A nearby RAF bomber station sends some to a staff dance at the factory.
Which Celia meets and falls.
Their relationship encounters a crisis.
When Fred refuses to tell Celia when he is sent out.
Soon afterwards they meet and make  with Fred asking Celia to marry him.
They spend their honeymoon at the same south coast resort.
The Crowsons went in 1939  finding it much changed with minefields and barbed wire defending against the expected German invasion.
They find furnished rooms nearby to set up house together.
Then Fred is killed.
Celia receives the news.
Working and at a mealtime shortly afterwards the band play Waiting at the Church  without realising it had been played at Celia s wedding reception.
Celia is comforted by her fellow workers.
Bombers overfly the factory en route to another raid.
<EOS>
Johnson traces the fall as a pattern.
He saw.
The term blowback is used to mean the unintended consequences of American policies and actions in the world.
His book Blowback   predicted the events as being the result of American policy and actions in the Middle East.
Was first published.
He cites the combination  far-flung military bases around the world  unsustainable economic domestic policy  and a complacent voting population as being toxic to American democracy.
Link of Blowback.
<EOS>
Six youngsters stumble.
But the owners want it back.
What does money do.
<EOS>
Set  in a tight-knit fishing village in 1936  Ladies in Lavender stars Judi Dench and Maggie Smith playing the leading roles of sisters Ursula and Janet Widdington.
Andrea is played.
A gifted young Polish violinist is bound for America.
When he is swept overboard.
They nurse him back.
When the Widdington sisters discover the handsome stranger below their house.
However  the presence disrupts the peaceful lives of Ursula and Janet and the community.
Which they live.
Holidaying artist Olga Daniloff  the sister  becomes interested in Andrea after hearing him play the violin.
Olga and Andrea grow closer.
Time progresses.
Olga tells her brother.
He asks to meet Andrea.
He knows.
Andrea cares deeply.
This is his chance to start a career.
He leaves without saying goodbye to the women.
He later sends them a letter  along painted by Olga  thanking them for saving his life.
The sisters travel to attend Andrea s first public performance.
<EOS>
Gilliatt  a fisherman-turned-smuggler  agrees to transport a beautiful woman to the French coast in the year.
She tells him she hopes to rescue her brother.
Gilliatt finds himself falling and so feels betrayed.
When he later learns this woman is a countess helping Napoleon plan an invasion.
However  the countess is an English agent working to thwart this invasion.
He returns to rescue the woman.
When Gilliatt finds this out.
Whose true purpose has been discovered.
<EOS>
The film has an intuitive story line.
The role was appreciated by the critics.
<EOS>
Jimmy Valentine is the alias.
Who has just been sentenced for four years for his crimes.
He does not stay locked up  though.
He is released.
He packs his state and commits several more robberies.
When he is released.
Ben Price  the detective the first time is called.
Who put him away.
He can not find him.
He knows it is Jimmy.
Jimmy has actually fled.
He is currently  with plans to rob the local bank there.
However  he finds.
Himself love struck and begins to fall in love with her.
He decides to turn over a new leaf and give up his criminal career and take another alias  Ralph D.
Order to get such a beautiful girl.
Spencer.
Ralph opens a shoe making store and is very successful.
He even begins to like his new life  and easily wins Annabel s heart  becoming engaged.
He writes a letter  and tells him to meet him in Little Rock.
Where he will give him his robbery tools he does nt need anymore.
However  the banker shows the town his new safe.
Can not be broken.
Annabel s nieces are amazed  and begin to walk in and out of it.
Unfortunately  one accidentally shuts the door  locking the other inside.
Everyone panics.
The banker has not set the combination yet.
Annabelle begs Ralph to do something.
This is hard.
Ben Price has also tracked him down  and watches to see his decision.
He finds himself making a very difficult decision.
Jimmy has tried so hard to start over.
However  he decides.
There is only so much air.
The terrified child may suffocate.
He does not take action.
Valentine pulls out his bag and breaks the safe open in a matter of seconds  amazing the banker  and saving the child.
Jimmy knows.
Since he has revealed his identity  he must leave.
He decides.
He is leaving.
He surrenders.
However  Ben   tells Jimmy  and leaves  pretending.
Who knows that Valentine has truly changed.
He should go.
He never saw him.
<EOS>
Author and amateur astronomer John Putnam and schoolteacher Ellen Fields watch a meteorite crash.
John notices a strange object in the crater and believes.
It was nt a meteorite that crashed.
John s story is ridiculed.
A landslide covers the mysterious craft.
Even Ellen is unsure.
What to believe.
A number of local people disappear.
A few return seem distant and dazed.
Eventually  Sheriff Warren becomes convinced.
A meteorite was nt involved.
He organizes a posse to hunt down the invaders.
Alone  John hopes to reach a peaceful solution  so he goes.
He hopes will lead him.
It ends up.
The aliens are benign beings whose spacecraft crashed.
They planned to stay long enough to replace the parts  then continue their voyage.
They temporarily took control.
They looked so different and could not move about inconspicuously  since humans would panic.
All returned to normal.
When they finally repair their ship and leave.
<EOS>
Valentine Wilmot s London nightclub and restaurant  Piccadilly Circus  is a great success due  dancing partners Mabel and Vic.
One night  a dissatisfied diner disrupts Mabel s solo.
He finds Shosho distracting the other dishwashers.
When Wilmot investigates.
He fires her.
Vic tries to persuade Mabel to become his partner offstage as well as on  and to go to Hollywood with him.
She coldly rebuffs him.
She is romantically involved.
That night  Wilmot summons Vic.
Vic quits.
Wilmot can fire him.
That turns out to be disastrous.
The customers had come to see Vic  not Mabel.
Business drops off dramatically.
Wilmot hires Shosho to perform a Chinese dance.
She insists.
Her boyfriend Jim play the accompanying music.
Shosho is an instant sensation  earning a standing ovation.
Both Mabel and Jim become jealous.
Mabel breaks off her relationship.
One night  Shosho invites Wilmot to be the first to see her new rooms.
Mabel has followed the couple and waits outside.
She persuades Jim to let her in.
She pleads to give Wilmot up  saying.
He is too old.
Shosho replies.
It is Mabel who is too old  and that she will keep him.
Shosho sees a pistol inside and grabs a dagger used.
When Mabel reaches.
Frightened  Mabel picks up the gun  then faints.
The next day  the newspapers report.
Shosho has been murdered.
Wilmot is charged.
He admits  but refuses to divulge.
The pistol is his.
What happened that night.
Jim testifies.
Wilmot was Shosho s only visitor.
Things look bad.
Then Mabel insists.
However  she can recall nothing.
She found herself running.
Realizing  the judge summons Jim.
Either Mabel or Jim must be lying.
However  Jim has shot himself at Shosho s mausoleum.
He confesses.
He lays dying.
He killed Shosho.
<EOS>
Kopple initially intended to make a film for Democracy and the attempt to unseat Tony Boyle.
Kopple went there to film the strike.
When miners struck in June.
The strike proved a more interesting subject  so Kopple switched the focus.
The most significant point was the company s insistence on including a no-strike clause in the contract.
The miners were concerned.
Accepting such a provision would limit their influence over local working conditions.
The sticking point was mooted.
When   the UMWA folded the agreement that was eventually won by this group of workers into a global contract.
Kopple chose to let the words and actions of these people speak for themselves.
-- the strikers call them gun thugs -- the company people try to keep their guns hidden from the camera.
When the strike breakers and others hired show up early in the film.
Both sides eventually openly brandish their weapons.
The strike drags on.
Kopple also relays statistics to support the strikers  such as the fact.
Duke Power Company s profits increased 170 percent.
Meanwhile  the striking miners   received a 4 % pay increase.
Of whom are living without utilities like running water.
Joseph Yablonski was a passionate  populist union representative.
Who was loved.
Yablonski challenged W.
A.
Tony Boyle  but lost in an election widely viewed as corrupt.
Later that year  Yablonski and his family were found murdered.
Tony Boyle is shown early.
Later he is seen frail  sickly and using a wheelchair  being carried up the courthouse steps to face a conviction.
Almost a full year named.
Lawrence Jones is fatally shot.
Jones was well liked  young and had a 16-year-old wife and a baby.
His mother collapsed at his funeral.
This moment more forces the strikers and the management to come to the bargaining table.
A central figure is Lois Scott.
Who plays a major role.
Several times have been absent.
She is seen publicly chastising those she feels.
Scott pulls a pistol from her bra.
Associate director Anne Lewis compares Scott in the film s 2004 Criterion Collection special feature The Making of Harlan County  USA.
<EOS>
Liang Po Po  a lovable 85 year old granny  decides to leave the Old Folks Home.
Believing  the determined old lady sets.
She can still contribute.
Where she soon realizes how her trusting and naive nature can be used.
Left alone and broke  Liang Po Po tries to seek employment but creates chaos instead.
She gets robbed out by Ah Lian and her gang.
Travelling aimlessly  she meets and befriends a couple - Ah Beng and Ah Seng - and gets involved in a secret society involved in crimes.
Playing  the secret society uses Liang Po Po in the sale of pirated VCDs to debt collection with more than satisfactory results.
Big Boss  the man  decides.
Liang Po Po develops a genuine friendship.
Who runs the secret society.
His gang should be respected.
Big Boss engages the service of 2 Hong Kong triad consultants.
Who insist that gang members should be dressed.
Big Boss even daydreams.
Himself involved in order to exert influence in society.
To raise fast money  Big Boss is persuaded by the Hong Kong consultants to orchestrate a bank robbery.
Liang Po Po is decided to execute the job.
It is felt no one would suspect an innocent old lady.
She is expected to gain sympathy and get away with her ` spur of the moment  folly lightly.
If caught.
Ah Beng and Ah Seng try to send Liang Po Po.
When they discover the Big Boss  plans.
Liang Po Po simply refuses to leave her friends and is determined to follow through.
She is totally.
The robbery turns.
The bank reports a much bigger amount missing.
This sparks off a nationwide hunt to find Liang Po Po and recover the money first.
Liang Po Po realizes.
She has been used to turn the table on the people that have mistreated her.
<EOS>
The commanding officer of a small British patrol in the Mesopotamian desert is shot and killed by an unseen Arab sniper  leaving the Sergeant at a loss.
He had not been told what their mission is.
He decides to try to rejoin the brigade.
He does not know where they are or where he is.
Eventually  the eleven men reach an oasis.
One of the sentries is killed  the other seriously wounded.
All their horses are stolen  leaving them stranded.
One are picked off by the unseen enemy.
The Sergeant sends two men chosen by lot on foot for help.
They are caught and tortured.
Their bodies are sent back.
The pilot spots the survivors.
Nonchalantly lands nearby and is killed.
He can be warned.
The men take the machine gun and set the plane on fire in a desperate bid to signal British troops.
Sanders  a religious fanatic  goes mad.
Only the Sergeant is left.
He manages to kill them.
When the Arabs finally show themselves.
Moments later  another British patrol arrives  attracted from the burning plane.
<EOS>
Eccentric charter skipper Jim Carnahan and his team battle sharks  bandits and their own greed to recover sunken treasure off the coast of Honduras.
<EOS>
Rooie Sien starts.
When Rooie Sien is murdered.
Sien works.
Where she works  with a pimp called Mooie Frans.
Sien sings.
Entertains customers  and in some cases follows them.
Her daughter  Sientje  is raised by her grandparents  the father and mother of Ko.
.
Sientje is almost an adult and has an adventurous temperament.
The son has a crush on Sientje.
She craves more excitement.
She meets the artist Jan Meiren and is fascinated  and decided to have him teach her to sing and dance  and to perform together.
She ends up.
Where she quickly becomes a celebrated star.
Jan en Sien keep performing.
Their relation does nt improve  especially.
When Sientje gets pregnant.
Sientje s father  Ko  visits them.
Who sees a lot.
She will end up.
Sientje does nt listen.
.
Belze Marie and her husband have a smooth-running cabaret.
Jan Sien follow them there.
But there relation is struggling.
Jan is showing an interest.
Sientje flees.
When these two start a relation.
Sientje and Jan break up for good.
Sientje s father shows up.
She follows him back to take care of her grandparents.
<EOS>
Momokichi Momoi  the mob boss owner  has a unique way of dealing with ineffective players  killing them.
His daughter  Momomi  is twice as twisted.
Mikura and the Danger Service Agency are hired to kidnap Momokichi.
But   they run afoul of Momomi.
Momokichi dies.
When his head falls.
Now  Mikura and the D.
S.
A.
Have to come up.
They end up.
<EOS>
Tommi aged.
His slightly older sister Viola live.
They cope.
Their mother shows up  having disappeared for many times.
The film shows their ongoing struggle in general.
<EOS>
The applicants have to go to show their loyalty.
Order to become a member.
Way back played a nasty trick on the student Sidney Scheider  He had to take a bath in a tub filled with cornflakes and coffee grounds  vinegar and even more disgusting substances.
Nothing unusual so far had replaced the water with pure acid.
Sidney was seriously wounded and died a horrible death.
This year Acid Sid returns.
Who comes his way.
One is slaughtered and in the college hell breaks loose.
<EOS>
Prince Mamuwalde  the ruler of an African nation  seeks the help of Count Dracula in suppressing the slave trade.
Dracula refuses to help and transforms Mamuwalde and imprisons him in a sealed coffin.
Mamuwalde s wife  Luva  is also imprisoned and dies.
The coffin has been purchased as part of an estate by two interior decorators  Bobby McCoy and Billy Schaffer and shipped to Los Angeles.
Bobby and Billy open the coffin and become Prince Mamuwalde s first victims.
Mamuwalde encounters Tina  is the reincarnation of his deceased wife.
Who Prince Mamuwalde believes.
Dr Gordon Thomas helps Lt.
Peters.
Are occurring.
Prince Mamuwalde continues to kill and transform various people.
He encounters as Tina begins to fall in love with him.
Thomas  Peters  and Michelle follow the trail and begin to believe.
A vampire is responsible.
Billy s corpse rises and attacks Peters.
Thomas digs up Billy s coffin.
Who fends him off.
Where his body is not visible.
They defeat several vampires.
Mamuwalde manages to escape.
Later  Mamuwalde lures Tina works.
Thomas and a group pursue him.
Mamuwalde dispatches several officers shoots Tina.
To save Tina  Mamuwalde transforms her into a vampire.
Mamuwalde believes.
Peters manages to kill the vampire Tina.
He can not live any longer.
Mamuwalde leaves.
Where the sunlight rots his flesh and kills him.
<EOS>
A murky and polluted lake lies.
Suddenly a large plastic garbage bag is thrown.
It floats amidst the murk  hits the surface  and bumps clumsily.
Silence.
The plastic bag lunges and clings.
2 girls stand  looking at its nauseating state.
3 others are taking their suitcases.
Summer mentions.
Creepy it is.
Ana confirms.
It s absolutely perfect.
Nicole drags her massive suitcase up the driveway.
Christina and Olivia give each other a look  a nod  a smile  well  let s do it.
Isolating themselves  5 girls find.
You need more than water to survive the past.
<EOS>
Ben Healy and his son Junior Healy move to Mortville  Oregon  a quiet  peaceful community  apparently as a way to start their lives all over again.
Ben is initially sad to be leaving Cold River his whole life  they then leave.
Junior reminds him that everyone there has been horrible.
Knocking. 
Dozens line up in their front yard.
When they arrive.
Apparently Mortville is also known.
Aron Burger finally glad to have a man friend  modestly invites them to his house for a barbecue.
Junior is introduced.
There. 
They demand him to each give them $.
.
He refuses and wants to go home.
Aron then taunts him.
Their hospitality is not good enough.
Junior sets the gas pumps on Aron s grill up to high.
It ferociously explodes  causing him to land  charring his eyebrows in the process.
When he goes over to light it.
The next day  Junior is reluctant to start his first day at Mortville Elementary.
He is met.
Who has known since the beginning of the movie.
Igor Peabody is now the school s principal.
Had also moved to Mortville to start his life over too.
But it is cut short  whereupon Peabody screams.
When Junior enters his office.
Mortified  Peabody decides to skip him from the 3rd to 6th grade.
He will be gone year upon completing elementary school.
He is met.
When he enters his new classroom.
Who is upset since he wonders how many kids he has to teach  since many were obviously held back constantly.
Murph  the most held back student and also the class bully  plans to pulverize Junior.
He stole the answer.
Junior outsmarts him  causing all the kids to run out of the school in fear.
Meanwhile  Ben is opening an account and wishes to be self employed.
LaWanda Dumore  the rude  self-centred and wealthiest woman.
Who along dimwitted assistant Smith notices Ben inside her bank from her upstairs office.
She demands Smith to find out everything.
He is bound to be her seventh husband.
Later that afternoon  he picks up Junior  not knowing.
He gets smashed and knocked unconscious by a decorative satellite dish on the school s rooftop by Murph  still covered in pieces of tape residue.
He notices the pretty school nurse Annie Young.
Junior  disgusted  leaves the clinic and plans to draw all on the wall with a black marker.
Trixie  however  shows up and verbally warns him not to do it  but he does it anyway.
She flips him and draws a mustache on his upper lip.
Meanwhile  LaWanda looks over Ben s records  but has serious doubts  and notices news headlines indicating all the trouble.
When she sees Junior s.
He caused.
She decides to handle him.
She can move over.
Later that night  Junior is upset.
When he is forced to be looked.
Ben goes.
Junior decides to call up Debbie s ex-husband Voytek an uncouth slob.
Who eats dog food  lives  and is insanely jealous.
Wearing just a robe covering his underclothes  Voytek confronts Ben and Debbie.
Pierre Club.
Where they are eating.
He then smashes a lead pipe.
He thrusts the pipe into Voytek s abdomen.
Shocked.
Apparently having had a change  Debbie punches Ben in the face.
He falls.
Rhoda s boyfriend shows up at the house.
The two go.
Junior notices a box and smiles gleefully.
Along  he notices a line of cars and people sitting outside his house  cheering wildly.
A weary and betrayed Ben drives home.
He looks and sees Rhoda and her boyfriend having sex embellishing the entire house s exterior.
Ben s father Big Ben Healy unexpectedly shows up  along.
He says and wants to spend it  but he finds out.
He is.
His creditors are.
He decides to take him.
He owes him.
Bribing the dean.
He ends up staying.
The next day Trixie all over the school  wondering.
What she is up.
Armed  he turns around.
She sprays him.
The impact blasts him.
Ben shows up at the clinic.
Where Junior is  draped.
He nervously asks Annie.
She would like to have dinner.
She refuses  saying.
She can not go out.
Junior drags him out.
He can figure out why.
Later that day  Junior notices Dolly and Madison selling lemonade.
.
He only has a quarter.
The girls decide to let him refill the pitcher.
He then goes over and urinates into it.
They find out.
When he brings it back.
He only filled it halfway and do not give him his free glass  not knowing he urinated.
The girls fill him a glass.
When Aron comes over after out working on their car.
He drinks it.
He declares it  but does not seem to mind.
That night  Junior tries to impress Ben.
He tells him another person.
He has a date.
They met the day they moved in.
Tired  he gets even by rigging their doorbell to electrocute her on their doorstep.
Ben notices this.
An electrified and fried Emily stutteringly tells him.
She has the flu  and collapses when he closes the front door.
Later  he thinks.
He has been too strong  and decides to spend more time with him  hopefully thinking he will be more.
The next day chases Trixie into the girl s bathroom.
She gets out an M-80  lights it up  and gives it.
When he confronts her.
Who throws it and flushes it.
Mr Thorn   bolts into the teacher s bathroom and sits down on a toilet.
They run out  screaming.
It explodes.
When the M-80 travels.
Luckily  he lands back and breathes a sigh of relief  thinking.
He is fine.
Later  Big Ben notices Dolly and Madison selling clothes.
He finally notices a suit.
Then he notices Nippy.
The girls then tell him.
Junior sold all for $.
.
Furious  Big Ben storms and decides to belt him.
Junior  however  taunts him.
Big Ben charges  but he jumps out of the way.
Big Ben falls out the window.
Laughing  Junior closes the window.
When Ben comes in and decides to take him out.
He asks Junior.
If he has seen Grandpa to which Junior replies  Last time I seen him he was going out.
It is seen  he yells to no avail.
The car backs out.
Big Ben landed.
LaWanda and her moving crew show up and notice him up.
They drive off.
Smith thinks  LaWanda tells him to get him down.
He is Ben s father.
He eventually falls.
Junior is disappointed.
He is not tall enough to ride.
Who managed to put stilts  when going on the ride.
He goes and sets its speed to dangerously fast  causing everyone on board to vomit  and shortly after  the people.
Who are watching outside.
Ben decides to make a deal.
When driving home.
He will always be there.
Long as he is being good.
They then shake hands to seal the deal.
They find.
When they arrive home.
The house has been wonderfully decorated.
They find out.
LaWanda was responsible.
She promises Ben.
She begins to leave.
She will make dinner tomorrow night.
The next day  Junior hypnotizes Nippy  but can not get him out.
He can scare LaWanda away.
He finds.
When Junior enters his room.
It has been decorated that he despises.
Finally having had it  he goes over  triggering another plan.
Everyone notices something weird with their salads.
Then the bowl.
Fed up  an unwitting Ben indignantly reprimands Junior and coldly tells him.
He will never trust him ever again and storms out.
Next  LaWanda comes in and verbally warns him not with her anymore and tells him she will marry Ben  and then send him to boarding school in Baghdad.
He tries to explain it at his school s open house.
He dismisses it.
He can not be trusted anymore.
Trixie secretly kidnaps the real puppeteers  ties them up  and performs the show in a very vulgar fashion.
Thinking Junior was responsible  Ben runs up  yanks the puppets off Trixie s hands  and slams them onto the floor.
Annie runs up and tells her.
She did this.
It turns out.
Trixie is her daughter.
She has the same problem.
Is similar.
Disappointed and humiliated  she scoops her up and runs out.
Ben limps and telling her.
She tells him else  then runs off.
Trixie consumes her entire life and that she has no room.
That night  Big Ben notices a still hypnotized Nippy.
Finally relieved  he goes over  tips him over.
He falls.
He picks him up and confusedly wonders.
What happened.
Ben later takes Junior.
Where they end up having dinner.
Mr Peabody  out with his girlfriend  spots Junior and Trixie and starts mouthing off.
The kids   throw meatballs.
Who share a hatred.
Mr Peabody yells for defending the kids  actions and throws an egg at him.
He responds.
Junior and Trixie   become friends.
Who realize their parents.
Junior   gets even.
Who strongly despises LaWanda.
She gets cake icing.
Celebrating her engagement.
Bears a striking resemblance.
She is handcuffed by animal control officers and sent to the hospital for observation.
Junior overhears a patient in the room across from her saying.
He wants to hold the world record.
Overhearing this  Junior sabotages the man s plastic surgery - this is Junior attempting to make her so ugly.
Ben will not marry her.
Unfortunately  she uses her funds to get last minute surgery to undo the damage.
Junior and Trixie s work pays off.
Ben finally realizes.
Annie is the one.
Big Ben decides to marry LaWanda.
Junior and Trixie use explosives to splatter the two with wedding cake.
Ex-Triumph guitarist Rik Emmett s hit Saved over the credits.
<EOS>
Minister  addresses the wizarding media  stating.
The ministry would remain strong even as Lord Voldemort gains strength.
Severus Snape arrives to inform Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters of Harry s departure from No.
4 Privet Drive.
Voldemort commandeers Lucius Malfoy s wand.
Voldemort s own wand can not be used to kill Harry  their wands being twins.
Meanwhile  the Order gather at Privet Drive and escort Harry to safety  using Polyjuice Potion to create six decoy Harrys.
All are ambushed by Death Eaters.
Who kill Mad-Eye Moody and Harry s owl  Hedwig  and injure George Weasley.
Harry has a vision of the wand-maker Ollivander being tormented by Voldemort.
Who claims that Ollivander had lied by claiming that the only way Voldemort could kill Harry was by using another person s wand.
Scrimgeour arrives and distributes three items from Albus Dumbledore s estate to Ron  Hermione  and Harry.
Ron receives Dumbledore s Deluminator  Hermione  a copy  and Harry the first Golden Snitch.
He ever caught.
Scrimgeour reveals.
Harry was bequeathed the Sword.
The minister explains and   was missing.
The sword was not Dumbledore s to pass on.
Next  the Death Eaters take control  they use its authority to persecute Muggle-born witches and wizards.
They disrupt the wedding.
Harry  Hermione  and Ron next disapparate and find sanctuary at No.
12 Grimmauld Place.
There.
They discover that the R.
A.
B.
Is Regulus Arcturus Black  the younger brother of Sirius Black.
They learn.
Mundungus Fletcher stole the real locket.
Kreacher and Dobby apprehend Fletcher.
Who reveals that the locket is.
The trio infiltrate the Ministry and successfully retrieve the locket.
The trio escape after accidentally revealing the location of No.
12 Grimmauld Place.
Who grabs as the trio.
Unable to destroy the Horcrux  they take.
Turns wearing it in order to dilute its malignant power.
Harry sees a vision.
Who claims that a teenage boy had once stolen the legendary Elder Wand.
He is overcome  he abandons the two in the wilderness.
Ron wears the locket.
Harry and Hermione are falling from their lack of progress.
Harry and Hermione decide to go.
Where they visit Harry s parents  graves.
Where they were killed.
They also visit.
The home can destroy Horcruxes.
However  they are instead cornered.
Who has been possessing the corpse.
Hermione accidentally breaks Harry s wand.
They escape  where Hermione identifies the mysterious thief seen in Harry s vision as Gellert Grindelwald.
Harry sees a Patronus doe.
When evening falls.
Leads him.
Gryffindor s sword lies.
Harry breaks the ice and jumps in to reach the sword.
The locket attempts to strangle him.
Ron arrives to rescue Harry.
The locket torments Ron  playing by displaying an hallucination of Hermione kissing Harry.
An enraged Ron smashes it.
The trio then visit Xenophilius Lovegood to learn.
They learn.
The symbol represents the Deathly Hallows  the Elder Wand  the Resurrection Stone and the Cloak.
Lovegood betrays them.
Harry envisions Voldemort learning.
The Elder Wand lies.
The trio escape once more.
Snatchers appear and chase them.
They are captured and taken.
Bellatrix Lestrange imprisons Harry and Ron.
Which they discover Luna  Ollivander  and Griphook the goblin.
Bellatrix tortures Hermione.
They got the sword.
A short battle ensues.
Dobby Apparates to save them.
Harry duels and disarms Draco.
Dobby is killed with her dagger as the protagonists escape.
Meanwhile  Voldemort breaks  takes the Elder Wand and casts a spell into the sky as a sign of victory.
Then the first part concludes.
<EOS>
Ah Lung is a pig farmer and a devoted Bruce Lee fan.
Who is anxious to follow.
Only ridiculed.
He is sent to earn a living working at his uncle s restaurant.
He finds a gang.
When he arrives.
He takes the chance to prove himself and attacks the thugs  defeating them and saving the restaurant.
Soon  he becomes a waiter  and discovers a plot to kidnap a woman.
He works.
Eventually  he defeats the thugs once again and saves the day.
<EOS>
An adulterous husband and a homicidal French nanny seek to murder his rich wife.
The wife s best friend and a police detective attempt to bring the culprits.
The nanny attempts to poison her opponent s tea.
However  the woman apparently switches the drinks.
Gradually leads.
<EOS>
The cartoon begins.
Tuffy becomes excited at the prospect of finally becoming Mousekeeter.
He starts lashing away.
Tuffy thrusts the rapier and is sent flying into one of the nearby empty bottles.
Jerry  being the Captain of the Mouseketeers  opens the door to investigate the ruckus.
Jerry notices the note.
Tuffy was carrying indicating he was sent.
Tuffy introduces himself.
His constant talking is too much.
Who can not keep Tuffy quiet.
To see  Jerry puts him.
Tuffy would make a good mouseketeer.
However  Tuffy fails miserably  bringing destruction  ending with Jerry being stabbed in the rear.
Jerry stops to give way.
Walking down the cobbled Parisian streets.
Tuffy simply stands and watches.
Jerry tells Tuffy to give way.
Tuffy gives way.
Jerry trips and falls face-down in the puddle.
Tuffy allows another lady mouse to walk.
Tom comes.
As Jerry is about to chastise Tuffy.
Jerry tries to hide Tuffy and himself.
Tuffy  ever the confrontational mouse  marches up and yells En garde.
Jerry  fearing  pushes down an axe.
It slices.
Who appears unaffected.
He sticks out his tongue  but then splits.
Back  a stern and disgusted Jerry is responding to his friend s letter  regretting.
Tuffy will never qualify.
He orders Tuffy out to give to his parents.
Tuffy glumly walks off.
Just then  he hears the sounds.
Running back  he sees.
Tom has ambushed Jerry and now s fighting Jerry.
Tuffy comes by using his sword to slash off the end of Tom s tail.
Tom screams into the air.
Touche  Pussy Cat.
Tom fights back and pins Tuffy.
However  Jerry pulls down  causing it to expose his underwear.
Tuffy   chops off his tail once more.
Tom again tries to fight back.
Who is hiding inside a barrel.
Touche  Pussy Cat.
Jerry and Tuffy are running from Tom  but end up getting separated.
Tuffy spies some paint and begins painting a simple and unflattering picture  to the tune of Frere Jacques.
Unbeknown  Tom is standing right behind him and is not amused.
Tuffy points out his picture of the pussy cat.
He realizes his mistake.
Still armed  he paints on Tom s face and runs off  leaving Tom with a painted duo-monocle and moustache on his face.
Tom races.
Who delays Tom  sending several corks into Tom s face.
Tuffy slashes open a huge barrel.
Tom begins to catch up.
Sent a great wave  engulfing Tom and sending him down the sewers.
Tuffy manages to swim to safety  albeit drunk  and observes Tom s fate.
He goes down the hole.
Tuffy then remarks  Pauvre  pauvre   Pushee  Cat.
The final scene shows Jerry awarding Tuffy the coveted title after all.
He gives Tuffy the mousketeer garments.
He accidentally stabs Jerry.
Tuffy proudly shows.
Jerry  apparently thinking  repeatedly spanks Tuffy .
It was intentional.
Tuffy remarks Cest la guerre.
<EOS>
The setting is the city.
Where Islamic culture flourished.
Two.
Who live.
Aslam and Nawab are the two friends caught with Jameela.
An integral part was provided by Johnny Walker.
Who plays Mirza Masaraddik Shaiza.
<EOS>
A traumatized and blood-covered Sarah escapes the cave with no memory of the events.
Occurred. 
She is taken.
Where it is revealed some matches that of Juno Kaplan.
Sheriff Vaines demands.
Along Elen Rios  Sarah and three specialists - Dan  Greg and Cath - must go back into the cave to find the missing women.
A new entrance is found.
The team members are sent down.
The group discovers the mutilated body of Rebecca  causing Sarah to have short flashbacks of the crawlers.
Further on   Sarah has a longer flashback  and in a nervous panic  attacks Vaines  Greg and Elen and runs off deeper into the caves.
Crawling. 
Vaines pursues.
Sarah but eventually runs and fires a shot that causes part of the cave to collapse  separating Cath from the rest of the group and trapping her within a rock choke.
Elen  Dan and Greg arrive.
Where they find the video camera used in the first film.
They watch the playback.
Reveals the women were attacked.
Then  the three are attacked and separated.
The trio split.
Elen starts calling  alerting the crawlers to her location  but is stopped by Sarah.
Who warns Elen that the crawlers are blind and hunt.
The two then watch.
A crawler attacks and kills Dan  ripping his throat open and dragging him away.
Later  Cath escapes and kills a crawler in the process  before running into a frightened Greg.
The two climb away and use their radio to divert the pursuing crawler away from them.
They travel deeper and find Sam hanging lifelessly above the chasm.
Where she was killed.
They decide to try to use her to swing  but are both attacked by crawlers.
Greg falls.
Tackling a female crawler  and although Cath makes it.
She gets there.
Elen and Sarah wander deeper  and kill another crawler.
Elen reveals she dies.
She has a daughter.
Thinking  Elen s words to hers make Sarah even more determined to escape.
Vaines is wandering and is about to be killed by a crawler.
He is saved.
Elen and Sarah crawl and  escaping a crawler  fall into a communal defecation grounds pool.
A fight ensues.
A crawler teaming up.
Order to kill it.
Later  all four meet up again.
Juno  furious  immediately engages.
Sarah left her behind.
They all decide.
It is best they work together to survive and escape.
Juno leads them off.
She claims has a passage that the crawlers use to gather food from above the ground.
Vaines handcuffs Sarah so she can not leave them to die.
She did.
Vaines falls  almost taking Sarah with him  however she begs Juno to help her.
They progress.
Ends up.
Elen  Sarah and Juno reach the exit  but are blocked by a small group of crawlers.
Juno is grabbed  causing her to scream in surprise  gaining the attention of four crawlers.
They try to tip-toe around the crawlers.
Greg promptly dies.
The women are left to fight off the crawlers.
The battle is tough.
Elen  Sarah and Juno kill a crawler each.
Sarah sees.
Juno is losing the battle than the others so attempts to strangle it from behind.
Tensing up  the crawler rips  mortally wounding her.
She and Sarah finish it off.
Juno dies.
Full  Sarah tearfully closes Juno s eyes and places her necklace in her hand with the words Love Each Day engraved on the metal.
Elen turns around to leave  but finds them surrounded.
Sarah mourns.
Sarah  in a noble act of self-sacrifice  screams  drawing the attention of every crawler  allowing Elen a chance to escape.
Elen bursts.
How Sarah did when she originally escaped  and is about to call  before she is attacked by Ed  who hits her in the face with a shovel and drags her back to the entrance as food for the crawlers.
A bloodied crawler jumps out.
Elen regains consciousness.
The movie ends and presumably takes her back.
<EOS>
The true story.
The story begins and follows the family to the time of his arrest for the murder of his mother.
<EOS>
Two filmmakers try to create a film venturing.
They try to investigate.
They do that.
Is his supposed retraction of his views against the Roman Catholic Church during the Spanish regime in the Philippines Noli Me Tangere and El Filibusterismo.
He expressed primarily.
The investigation was done mainly.
Who supposedly witnessed Rizal s retraction  Fr.
Balaguer.
Eventually  the two filmmakers would end up interviewing Rizal.
Himself to get.
<EOS>
There are many continuations.
Discharged  Antoine Doinel seeks out his sweetheart  violinist Christine Darbon.
He has written.
Their relationship is tentative and unresolved.
Christine is away skiing.
Her parents must entertain him themselves  though glad to see him.
Christine goes to greet him.
She learns that Antoine has returned.
It is a promising sign.
Perhaps this time  the romance will turn out happily.
He is  however  quickly fired.
Antoine loses three jobs in the film  and is clearly destined to lose a fourth  all symbolic of his general difficulty with finding his identity and fitting in.
Later  Christine attempts to guess Antoine s latest job  amusingly tossing out guesses.
Finally  his job is revealed.
Antoine works to maintain the job  working a case.
Requires him to pose.
The job separates Antoine with Christine.
Soon  he falls.
Who willingly seduces him.
He quarrels  saying.
He has never admired her.
Fired  by the film s end  Antoine has become a TV repairman.
He still avoids Christine.
She wins him back.
Her parents are away.
The company sends Antoine   trying to fix a TV with just one missing tube.
Who is once again bumbling and inept.
Morning finds the two in bed together.
The film s final scene shows the newly engaged Antoine and Christine  strolling.
A strange man approaches the couple and declares his love.
Who has trailed Christine.
He describes his love.
Christine explains.
When he walks away.
The man must be mad.
Antoine  recognising similarities  admits  He must be.
<EOS>
A young couple face the realities with their child.
Who is diagnosed.
The young couple try to prepare their young son.
<EOS>
Sister Elizabeth  the mother superior  has visions of Mary Magdalene and a skeletal dead nun.
Father Henry  the abbot  and his servant Richard are summoned.
Elizabeth recounts the confessions and fantasies  flagellating herself and becoming excited  Sister Sarah masturbates  Sisters Mary and Helena flagellate one another and then have sex.
She does so.
Sister Catherine is violated.
Finally  Sisters Jane  Teresa and Helen engage and violate Sister Ann after tying her to a cross.
Elizabeth writhes violently and   is tormented by visions of a crucified woman and Christ s beating Sacred Heart.
She dies.
Mother Elizabeth and an demonic Mary Magdalene debate desire and chastity.
What seems to be a heavenly antechamber.
Mary remarks.
As her convent is full  the Mother Superior too is enveloped within this voluptuous fold.
Elizabeth details four fantasy vignettes.
These are interspersed.
The sex scenes conform.
They each start simply and culminate at the end.
There are scenes.
Extends  with copious use of the whip and the rope.
<EOS>
Dr John Harvey Kellogg has opened a sanitarium.
Where he puts his unusual methods for maintaining health.
The sanitarium attracts a number.
Who are suffering.
They meet Charles Ossining.
Who is hoping to make his fortune.
Ossining finds a partner.
Having enlisted the services  they attempt to produce Kellogg s Perfo Flakes.
Will Lightbody is separated from his wife and begins harboring lustful thoughts toward Nurse Graves and patient Ida Muntz.
His wife Eleanor  meanwhile  befriends.
Virginia Cranehill  who has a modern attitude  influenced by the works of Dr Lionel Badger.
Will finally succumbs.
Later he discovers.
Ida has died.
Will has a breakdown  flees the sanitarium  gets drunk and eats meat.
He meets Ossining and agrees to invest $ 1000 in his health food business.
Will returns drunk.
Where he is reprimanded and abandoned by a distraught Eleanor.
Ossining s business is a disaster.
He and his partners resort.
Ossining meets his aunt  a potential investor.
Where he is exposed and arrested.
Nurse Graves attempts to seduce Will.
He is guilt-stricken and spurns her advances.
He goes to find Eleanor  only to find her.
Virginia Cranehill receiving clitoral massages is masturbating.
Will  incensed  thrashes Dr Spitzvogel and takes Eleanor away.
George Kellogg pays a visit but things go badly.
He burns the sanitarium down.
Ossining escapes.
Kellogg does seem to reconcile in the mud bath in the aftermath of the fire.
The Lightbodys are happily married with four daughters.
Will receives a cheque.
Who has become a cola beverage tycoon.
Dr Kellogg dies off a high board.
<EOS>
Vaanavaraayan plays the role  adored and respected by his village people.
He lives.
They abstain from voting in the elections.
Instead  pool the money to get themselves some basic amenities.
Vallavaraayan is his arch enemy.
Their enmity is further sharpened.
When Vaanavaraayan wins the hand.
So Vallavaraayan convinces the priest.
Vaitheeswari drinks.
She becomes incapable of conceiving.
But surprisingly  Vaitheeswari soon becomes pregnant-though  to do so to uphold her husband s honor.
She has pretended.
She takes poison and kills herself unable to bear the grief.
Vaanavarayan swear to take Ponni as his wife.
Vaanavarayan however refuses - Vallavarayan s hechman-who abandons her.
Ponni agrees to marry Sembattai.
Infuriated Vaanavarayam attacks Vallavarayam and spares his life.
To win the heart.
Vaanavarayan marries Ponni and has a daughter he names Vaitheeswari.
<EOS>
The Stooges are cavemen living.
They must tend  consisting of mixing milk  hunting fish  and gathering eggs.
Such is life.
That afternoon  Moe has a date.
Shemp and Larry want to join.
Aggie has two sisters.
A fight breaks out.
When rival cavemen allege that the Stooges stole their women.
The victorious Stooges are free to woo their sweethearts.
<EOS>
Set an undersea laboratory in a near future ocean.
Where earths ozone layer has been depleted.
New means are being explored.
She experiences psychic visions.
Biologist Claire is working.
Meanwhile a routine crew replacement is inbound.
When an undersea quake occurs.
Contact is lost.
A search sub is sent out to investigate the silence.
One works on exterior repairs in a diving suit.
The search sub discovers and is promptly attacked.
The relief sub is now derelict and the hatch blown.
The sub is overpowered by more of the rays.
Contact is lost.
The crewman working is then attacked.
The crew find him half out.
Is is revealed.
When his mask is removed.
He has been totally transformed.
Commander Dobler orders the mass quarantined  but Claire and Barbara the medical officer over-ride him.
The mass is moved.
Where it is discovered to be both identical to the substance Claire was studying  and also to be mutating into a man-sized stingray-like creature.
The creature escapes its tank and proceeds to move.
Crew attempt to find it.
Claire experiences more visions and is called too.
A crew-member is discovered dead.
The commander denies autopsy.
Quakes continue periodically.
A sub sent out to salvage one is also taken by the creatures outside.
Claire and her lover ONeil must work to uncover the mystery and the contradictions of the creatures behavior.
When crew are vanishing or being killed.
<EOS>
An elderly man and his bitter wife rent out rooms and beds to the poor.
The tenants are gamblers  prostitutes  petty thieves and drunk layabouts  all struggling to survive.
The landlady s younger sister  brings and rents him a bed.
Who helps the landlords.
Kahei quickly assumes the role.
Some suspect.
His past is not unblemished.
Sutekichi  the thief and self-appointed tenement leader  is having an affair.
He is gradually shifting his attention.
Okayo thinks little  however.
Frustrates Sutekichi and sours his relationship.
Jealous and vengeful  Osugi conspires to seduce Sutekichi to murder her husband.
She can turn him over.
Sutekichi sees and refuses to take any part in the murder.
The husband discovers the affair  gets  and is saved only through Kahei s intervention.
Slowly  Okayo begins to see the good and warms up to his advances.
Rokubei and Osugi beat Okayo  prompting the tenants to break.
Sutekichi is enraged to learn.
Okayo was treated.
Rokubei is accidentally killed after being assaulted by Sutekichi.
Osugi blames Sutekichi.
The enraged Sutekichi claims.
Rather than defend himself.
She had goaded him.
Okayo now believes.
The two have used her to provide an excuse for killing Osugi s husband.
She will have nothing to do.
Kahei   runs away.
Whose testimony could potentially have cleared Sutekichi.
He would have to appear to testify.
Sutekichi and Osugi are arrested.
<EOS>
Psychologist Dr Sarah Taylor is a guarded  aloof criminal psychologist.
Who interviews a client who is a rapist  and is pleading NGRI.
It is later revealed.
She was the subject as a child by her estranged father who is shown to be very ill.
Sarah meets Tony Ramirez.
She gives him her number  thus a relationship begins.
Days Sarah begins to get death threats and strange gifts  such as dead flowers.
The gifts get more extreme.
She gets more romantic.
Her lifelong cat is killed.
Which point Sarah goes.
Sarah then hires a detective and has Tony.
Followed  only to find out something she least expected.
<EOS>
The film centralizes.
Tai Fei obtains branch leader status.
Tai Fei discovers.
He has a son  and soon realizes that he is a triad member involved.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
When Tommy and Sincere  along Mark and Black  rob a nightclub.
The others go to Tommy s house to hide out for a while.
Their noise wakes up Keisha  Tommy s girlfriend.
Who is trying to sleep.
Sincere says.
He too is tired.
He and Mark leave soon.
Sincere returns.
Where his wife Tionne and baby Kenya wait.
Back  Tommy learns of a new  potent form of heroin.
Is making its way.
Tommy and Sincere meet early in the morning.
Tommy tells Sincere  and also  a drug lord.
How much money they could make if they got involved.
Who is receiving shipments.
Reluctantly  Sincere agrees.
Tommy talks to an associate  Knowledge  over the phone.
Being disrespectful.
Black is beaten up and pistol whipped.
Who then forces Black to strip naked firing at least 3 shots to the ground.
Black sits.
The duo  along  including Knowledge and Mark  start transporting drugs from Queens to Omaha  and begin to take over the drug scene there.
This is met from a local drug dealer named Big Head Rico.
Who informs the police.
This results.
Which Mark is critically injured.
Knowledge calls back home and is told by Keisha  nor should he have called home.
Tommy is nt there.
The FBI had placed wire taps.
Knowledge gets angry  to not only infiltrate Rico s gang and to kill Rico.
Tommy wo nt come to bail him out  and calls up Shameek aka Father Sha.
To handle Tommy.
Shameek confronts Rico and informs him.
Knowledge sent him here to check him and others.
Shameek shoots and kills Rico as well as some members.
When Rico tries to run.
The bartender shoots Sha out the club.
Reloading his guns.
Shameek manages to escape.
Meanwhile  Tommy goes with Ox  and kills Sosa  the son of a drug lord there  at a stoplight while dressed as a homeless man  as a favor to Ox.
Meanwhile back  Keisha is arrested by police and later bailed out by Tionne.
Pelpa  the gang s leader and close friend  sends a hit squad to kill him in his home.
When the deceased s family and friends finds out that is was Ox who ordered the hit.
Ox is able to kill them and slits his throat.
Sincere has been trying to get out and move his girlfriend and child to Africa  despite Tommy s jokes.
This is going on.
He was getting soft.
They make plans to leave.
However  now Sincere is suspicious  since the Omaha incident  Tommy has been on the run and was caught in Atlanta  GA  along with two young dealers from the neighborhood  Wise and LaKid  selling weed.
One night  Tommy instigates an argument between Wise and LaKid  in.
Causes both men to draw out their guns.
LaKid shoots Wise dead.
Tommy   gets arrested.
Who is too drunk and high.
Later released.
Sincere feels.
Tommy would give him up to save himself.
This was not the case.
Tommy was chosen to assassinate a black Muslim leader  Rev.
Saviour.
Who had been preaching.
Later on  Sincere talks.
What is going on lately and getting out the drug game.
Tionne later comes home.
Tionne draws out her gun.
When he asks.
They draw out theirs  but decide to spare her life and leave.
Later.
Talking confront Sincere and shoots him in the leg  which causes Sincere to shoot both Black and his accomplice dead and takes off.
Tommy confronts the leader in his study and points his gun at him.
He was to make a massive speech.
The leader convinces Tommy not to go through.
Though it was betraying the government and now putting his life.
Shameek visits Keisha s home  in the hopes of finding Tommy there.
Shameek slaps Keisha around.
Keisha is able to grab his gun right.
He was going to kill her  turning the gun.
Sincere  having known everything  takes that moment to get out.
Was going on  and surviving an attempt too by his old friend Black.
His family starts life over.
<EOS>
Kitty and Tigercat are two lesbians.
The Girl tells the tale of one woman s obsession with the other.
It features Adele Rein  Cathy Crowfoot as Tigercat  an early film appearance by Charlotte Stewart and a dance scene by Pat Barrington.
<EOS>
One night  California  a truck carrying hazardous materials crashes  releasing a deadly chemical.
The citizens are sent to quarantine in a hotel in Century City.
The police and the EPA agents stay behind to keep an eye and clean up the town.
However  the spill is a cleverly executed hoax masterminded.
A.
S football team  Robert ` Bat  Masterson.
The police officers and DEA agents are bitter ex-cops eager.
What the citizens have hoarded.
It will take to arrive.
However  one man has been forgotten to get everyone out.
Aging football player Boomer Hayes was  expecting to get lucky.
When his lady friend  Laura Sage went to see what was going on and was taken to evacuate everyone.
The officers thought  but checked anyway.
Boomer was her dog.
Boomer is trapped in the hot tub by an officer.
He s shot.
He can shoot him.
Ed Kelvin   fills on the whole situation.
A cop but disgusted by the ruthless murder of the Mayor.
Boomer decides to help bring.
Who are locked.
Donning his jersey  injecting cortizone  and enlisting Kelvin s help  Boomer will spend the next 70 minutes attempting to stop the robbery and bring Masterson to justice.
Evading ex-cops and the hired thug Benitez  who has commandeered a SWAT tank and is gunning.
<EOS>
The story is told.
German troops led by Captain von Epstein capture the peaceful town of Loos and start committing atrocities on the local population.
Von Epstein lusts.
She escapes.
Inspired  she helps encourage the Allied troops in an attack to retake the town.
She falls.
Who is captured and takes part in shooting German officers who are sniping on the Red Cross.
Emilienne manages to engineer her lover s escape and winds up married.
She is also awarded a military cross.
<EOS>
A group arrive on a small Greek island  only to find it almost completely deserted.
It seems.
The only person still alive there is a blind girl who does not know what has happened  but is terrified of a man who she describes as smelling of blood.
The survivors search is going on.
Members disappear or are brutally and mercilessly murdered by a mysterious  deformed man in various locations on the island.
They find a diary.
Tells. 
The man was forced to eat his dead family.
Order to survive.
This act drove him insane.
He went on to slaughter the rest.
The disfigured cannibalistic killer goes and is known as The Anthropophagus Beast.
Almost the entire group is killed.
One manages to overpower him and stab him with a pick axe to the stomach  and  in one final act of insanity  he attempts to devour himself  by chewing on his own intestines.
He dies.
The killer strangles a pregnant woman.
Then devouring it.
The effect proved so convincing.
The filmmakers were attacked and questioned.
<EOS>
Libria is governed.
Is led.
Father never interacts directly.
He is seen throughout the city.
The Tetragrammaton Council uses the police to enforce conformity.
Law enforcement are the Grammaton Clerics.
Who are trained.
The Clerics raid the Nether region.
Where they destroy emotionally stimulating materials  executing the people hiding them.
A resistance movement  known as the Underground  has emerged.
John Preston is a high ranking Grammaton Cleric and a widower.
Whose wife  Viviana  was executed.
Preston notices his partner  Errol Partridge  taking a book of poems instead of incinerating them.
Realizing Partridge is keeping the book  Preston tracks him down and executes him.
Partridge says.
He dies.
All the consequences are a cost he would pay gladly.
The next morning Preston accidentally breaks his daily vial.
He begins to experience emotions.
He does not have an immediate replacement.
He decides against taking them and instead hides them behind the mirror in his bathroom.
Preston is partnered.
Together  they arrest Mary OBrien.
Preston s emotional confusion is exacerbated.
Preston finds it difficult keeping an emotionless facade in front of his son and his suspicious partner.
Preston forges an emotional connection.
He feels remorse.
After he finds out that Partridge and OBrien were lovers.
He eventually contacts the Resistance and is then summoned.
Who reveals there is a traitor.
DuPont tells him to exterminate the Resistance and to find the traitor.
The Resistance convinces him to assassinate Father to start a revolution.
They plan to disrupt Prozium production.
Will then lead by the populace.
He is caught having an emotional breakdown.
Preston fails to stop Mary OBrien s execution.
Who arrests him and brings him.
Brandt is the real traitor.
His son - who reveals that he stopped taking Prozium after his mother died - has already destroyed the unused vials.
The leaders of the Resistance are captured.
Preston is granted an exclusive audience.
Father actually turns out to be DuPont.
Who replaced the original Father.
Preston goes  fighting his way to DuPont s office.
Is filled.
It is revealed.
Brandt was not arrested but was part.
It also becomes clear.
DuPont does not take Prozium and has been reading poetry.
DuPont taunts him  asking Preston.
It felt to betray the Underground.
Preston kills all  and defeats Brandt in a katana battle.
Preston and DuPont finally fight.
Which Preston wins.
DuPont tries to convince Preston to spare him  asking.
Taking his life is worth the emotion killed someone who is feeling and knows how beautiful life can be.
Preston repeats Partridge s last words and announces  shooting DuPont.
He gladly will pay the cost.
He then destroys the propaganda communication control systems  freezing.
All had been subjected to all their lives.
The Underground blows up the Prozium manufacturing and storage facilities.
Scores successfully attack key points throughout the city.
Preston quietly watches the overthrow  holding OBrien s red ribbon and smiling.
<EOS>
The film begins.
He goes so far.
To place a tack  thinking to be rewarded for watching the cart.
Dougal is trying to decide.
Candy he will request when he accidentally starts the cart up again and causes it to collide at the center of the village.
A blue jack-in-the-box-like creature emerges and flies away  snatching a decorative Foot Guard figurine from the roundabout before leaving.
The roundabout freezes over  trapping repairman Mr Rusty  Dougal s young owner Florence  and two other children named Basil and Coral.
The villagers are horrified  therefore call upon the resident wizard  Zebedee  also a jack-in-the-box-like creature  for help.
He explains.
The roundabout acted as a mystical prison wizard Zeebad.
Zeebad is free to work his magic again.
It broken.
The only way to return Zeebad is to place three magic diamonds in the roundabout  or watch the world slowly freeze over again.
Zebedee sends Dougal  Brian the cynical snail  Ermintrude the opera-singing cow  Dylan the hippie rabbit  and the magic Train to accomplish this mission.
Zeebad animates the Foot Guard figurine  Sergeant Sam  and enlists him to find the enchanted diamonds first.
Zeebad can freeze the sun itself.
Meanwhile  Zebedee s fellowship makes camp.
Dougal wanders off and is captured by Zeebad.
Ermintrude breaks him out  after a short chase  Zebedee shows up to battle his evil counterpart.
Zeebad gains the upper hand and overpowers Zebedee  freezing him and collapsing the cliff.
Which he stands.
Mourning their dispatcher  Dougal and his friends embark to recover the diamonds.
This task takes them.
Where it is revealed that Sergeant Sam had contained the third diamond.
Zeebad obtains all three diamonds  and attempts to freeze the Sun.
Ermintrude  Brian  Dylan  and finally Dougal intervene to stop him   Zeebad is imprisoned again.
When they have done so.
Zebedee is restored.
The ice surrounding the carousel melts  freeing the people trapped therein   Florence is comatose and must be revived by a desperate Dougal.
A moose   is restored by Zebedee.
Whose color had been changed by Zeebad in the earlier scenes of the film.
Dougal   forgets his former pledge completely  but now realizes the true value and the good qualities of selflessness  courage  and humility.
Who vowed to give up sugar when it seemed all was lost.
It is revealed.
Zeebad s prison is a molten lava cave.
Zebedee delivers his catchphrase to the audience  Time for bed.
<EOS>
Ex special forces mercenary and now hardened criminal Vic  lives.
Playing  Vic and his partner Frank work both sides of the street  caring only about.
Where they can score and take down the most cash.
Vic finds himself working for ruthless crime boss Paul Santo.
Santo s being indicted.
He enlists Vic and Frank to kill the three witnesses.
Will testify.
Watching Vic s every move is Santo s strongest soldier  Ray  a stone cold killer.
Who would like nothing better than to whack Vic and Frank the moment his boss gives him the okay.
That holds true as his grifter girlfriend Thea.
Frank s ex  the exotic  sultry  Layla have their own agendas.
They both try to use and manipulate their men.
He is pursued.
Vic tries to juggle all this as well as kill the witnesses to pay off his debt avoid Ray s wrath.
Who s relentless as he turns up the heat.
It does nt help.
Asian crime lord  Cho and his henchman Butch are applying their own brand on Vic and Frank.
They want to take out Santo and Ray  using Vic and Frank.
Vic settles all scores as these competing factions come crashing together in the violent  action packed climax.
<EOS>
An expedition team arrives.
The two villainous members Medford and Vandermeer find out.
There is plenty.
They kidnap Jane and Boy.
Order to make Tarzan show them the location.
Soon the group is captured  whereupon Tarzan comes to their rescue.
<EOS>
Micheal Velayudham is a chef.
He is an easy going chap.
Who flirts and makes the most of his affairs.
His ambition is to go and work in New York for a stockbroker.
He dates one an art restoration professional in Cape Town.
They agree to break up.
She has to move for work.
He thinks.
Long-Distance relationships do nt work.
Micheal meets Senapathi the owner of a restaurant.
Who narrates the love story which had happened 30 years ago.
Meanwhile   Micheal fails to connect.
Meera moves.
To prove  he meets a blonde girl Michelle in a bar and dates her.
He has moved on.
However  Meera is proposed.
She agrees to marry him  only to prove.
She has moved.
He comes with some pretext and meets Meera.
Micheal he gets an offer in US.
Who is frustrated that Meera married Sudheer  gets desperate and tries to regret what had happened so far.
He eventually feels some loneliness.
He does nt understand.
The rest focuses on.
How Michael realises his mistakes and how Arjun Palwai s story makes an impact.
<EOS>
David Kepesh is a cultural critic and professor.
Previously married  he has a son.
Who has never forgiven him.
His relationships are usually casual  brief and sexual in nature.
His Pulitzer Prize-winning friend  George OHearn  suggests.
He bifurcate his life  have conversations and enjoy art  and keep the sex just for sex.
Believing himself to be an independent and self-actualized individual  he encounters Consuela Castillo  a beautiful and confident student.
Who attends one.
She captures his attention.
They begin a serious relationship.
David is also.
Consuela invites David to her graduation party.
George advises him to leave her.
She leaves him.
Consuela waits.
David only promises  I ll have to check my schedule.
Consuela is frustrated.
He agrees to attend.
He has blown a tire and is stuck in bad traffic.
It will be unavoidably delayed.
He is sitting in his car  anxious about meeting Consuela s family.
Heartbroken and annoyed  Consuela hangs up.
Sometime  David introduces his friend  George at a poetry conference  George collapses on the stage and later passes away.
David s son Kenny is embroiled.
Two years pass.
Consuela and David come again.
David arrives home to find a message from Consuela.
She mentions.
She needs to tell him something before he finds out.
Consuela announces.
She has found a lump and will need surgery.
Grief-stricken  David cries and asks her.
She did nt tell him sooner.
Consuela then asks David to take photos.
The doctors ruin them.
David agrees.
David visits Consuela at the hospital.
Where she is recovering.
Consuela says  I will miss you.
David responds  I am here.
He climbs and gently kisses her face.
The film flashes back to David and Consuela on the beach.
Where Consuela told David she loves him.
<EOS>
Annavaram has a lot.
He wants to see his sister trouble free even and hence wanted to get her married to a city guy.
Who has all the facilities.
True  Annavaram marries Varam to a guy.
Who stays.
Annavaram drops Varam.
Order to leave her.
Aishwarya is the neighbour.
Who is chirpy and moves very close without any inhibition.
Annavaram finds.
His brother-in-law pacifies him not to take everything.
One should have the adjustment mentality to stay.
The city is ruled.
Unable to digest the situation  Annavaram returns.
Varam turns pregnant.
Pandu s brother Gutkha Pandu threatens Varam s husband and takes away the canteen being run in a college.
Varam gets frightened.
Meanwhile  Narasimha gets Visa to fly to Dubai to work there.
To see him off  Annavaram reaches Hyderabad again.
Narasimha  Annavaram  Varam and her husband go to see the fort.
Where Narasimha gets killed.
Varam and her husband reach the village to take part.
Annavaram detains his sister and brother.
He leaves the village stating.
He got a job.
He reaches Hyderabad.
He dares Tapas Balu and kills 20 along with a corrupt police officer.
He even calls up the ACP J.
D.
Yadav.
He would do the duty as they were handcuffed with political pressures and ca nt take action against the goons.
Annavaram meets his old friend Sairam and.
His help gets the details and decide to eliminate all of them.
To bail out  Tapas Balu kidnaps ACP s daughter Sanjana.
Annavaram attacks Balu and kills him and saves her.
Then he targets Ganga s brother Pandu and kills him.
Next is the turn.
He eliminates all the goons and makes Hyderabad.
A clean city sans any goondas.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Set  the story follows.
A man called Farmer  an orphan who was adopted.
His farm is attacked.
When Farmer s wife  Solana  and his son leave to sell vegetables.
He fights off the Krug and travels to Stonebridge.
However  the Krug kill his son and capture his wife.
Accompanied  Farmer intends to find and rescue his wife.
The Krug are being controlled.
Who is amassing an army to overthrow King Konreid.
<EOS>
Betty   wishes.
Reading a book.
She could visit such a wonderful place.
Betty s wish is granted.
When Mother Goose appears  and gives her a tour.
Betty has a wonderful time.
Little Miss Muffet s spider chases her.
All come to Betty s rescue.
Betty wakes up.
<EOS>
The movie starts.
The couple  along ransack the bar and loot the money.
When the game is finished.
This is the story of a young man.
Who dreams  but decides to go against the police due to circumstances and heads a gang of thieves.
He joins the police and nabs the criminals.
When he comes to know that his associates are much worser.
<EOS>
Yu-na and Sang-hee are two young women.
Who live and sleep together  and do not care  simply doing what they want.
They frequent.
Yu-na brings him back.
Yu-na and Yeong-kyu strike up a sexual relationship.
Sang-hee joins.
They two girls are very sexually open  but they become furious.
When they learn that Yeong-kyu has started seeing an.
The girls kill her out.
Delirious beat him and the two girls.
Rape Yu-na  Yeong-kyu tells the girls.
He needs to go see the woman they just murdered.
Furious  Yu-na and Sang-hee kill Yeong-kyu  and proceed to vandalize the closed bar.
They had taken.
They find the two girls having sex.
When the police catch up  yellow hair having been found in the murdered woman s apartment.
<EOS>
Charles Hodgson is a British aristocrat.
Who decides to become a thief.
Charles enlists Archie  a heist expert  and Sally.
He also becomes acquainted.
Who is.
<EOS>
Jackson Mayhew is sent to live with his aunt.
Who works.
He comes.
Who convinces Jackson that he is Santa Claus.
A police officer eventually discovers But eventually Patty discovers.
Santa is a con-artist wanted.
The officer was an actor who was hired to pretend that he was a criminal.
The story ends.
When Jackson discovers that his psychiatrist was the real Santa Claus.
<EOS>
The NSA-funded QT Corporation has slated a project to develop Hypertime  a technology.
Allows the user s molecules to speed up where the world appears to be standing still.
Such technology  contained  could also be used against the USA.
However  the research is farther along expected.
QT s leader Henry Gates plans.
He uses the prototype to stretch the weekend Richard and Jay prevent Earl s incognito departure.
Order to give the brilliant lead scientist Earl Dopler time to fix the remaining glitch.
However  the disadvantage was him aging rapidly in real time.
His molecular age continued despite time slowing down.
However   Dopler had sent a prototype to a former colleague of his named Dr George Gibbs.
His son Zak discovers the watch accidentally and initially uses it.
He attempts to retrieve it.
Gates finds out.
He sends his henchmen.
Who break for evidence.
Zak sets out to warn his father of the danger.
He could be.
A chase sequence ensues  crashing the car into the river and thus damaging the watch.
He awakes with a broken watch and only by a stroke of luck manages to avoid Jay and Richard again.
He then goes.
QT Corporation enlists the help of national security agencies and portray Zak and his father.
Fugitives wanted.
Zak goes  locating the hotel.
Dr Gibbs was staying.
Dopler is also looking to ask for help and also to warn him.
However  Gates  Jay  and Richard reach Zak s father and kidnap Dr Gibbs from his hotel room.
Unable to reach his father  Zak and Francesca wander the streets aimlessly before being forcibly picked up by Earl Dopler.
Who wants the watch back.
The teens take Dopler hostage and force him to do.
They request.
He reluctantly agrees to help save Dr Gibbs.
Dopler feels that Dr Gibbs has been kind.
Dopler helps mend the broken watch as well as creating guns.
Can take someone out and back into normal time.
The guns are loaded.
The low temperature ` freezes  a hit person back.
Dopler helps the kids break in but decides not to go as well.
They get caught.
Zak and Francesca are thrown.
Zak accelerates while and becomes light.
They then manage to break out and defeat Gates  goons.
The NSA Agents arrive.
Gates is not defeated and knocks Francesca out and prepares to do the same to Zak and his dad.
Suddenly he s shot by Dopler and Dopler shoots Gates.
Who returned to help.
He reverts  defeating him.
Gates and his henchmen are arrested.
The watches are confiscated.
Dopler uses the machine.
He was building to reverse the aging effects that happened to him.
It inadvertently changes him back  meaning.
He will have to live for a few years.
The movie ends.
He wanted.
It is revealed.
Zak speeds off.
He has not returned the watch.
<EOS>
A former priest gives up his violent activities in favor of peaceful social activism.
But he quickly discovers.
Vicious death squads  and notorious counter-insurgency operations  still plague his country.
Soon he is considering joining the resistance again.
<EOS>
Matt Stevens is the guy.
Everyone despises him.
He is nt   known.
All. 
The tables are turned  however.
When his fellow students resist his power and show him up.
<EOS>
Jerry Morgan is a ventriloquist   his dummy turns jealous and spoils everything.
Who is having trouble.
When his relationship gets around to marriage.
Jerry s manager threatens to quit.
Jerry sees a psychiatrist  Ilse Nordstrom  who tries to discover the source.
The two eventually fall in love.
Jerry becomes unwittingly intertwined with spies and has to run from the police.
He finds himself impersonating a British car salesman  trying to demonstrate a new convertible with loads of bells and whistles.
Later on  he finds himself.
<EOS>
Pandian and Pandiarajan are two notorious sons.
K.
Ramasamy.
Pandian goes.
Arranged towards his marriage and ends up in the wrong house.
Cinematically  those were also expecting a lad to see their daughter on the same-time and the.
Contrary marriages pandian goes to see the girl totally un-aided by parents  relatives & friends.
Nevertheless  he takes a liking and decides to marry her.
Seetha likes the lad and decides to accept the proposal.
Meanwhile  Seetha s marriage broker shows up and clarifies.
Pandian was supposed to have gone to see some other girl but ended up.
Hearing this  Pandian  Seetha as well as Seetha s parents seem disappointed.
A school teacher s daughter.
Pandian s father fixes dates to the girl originally chosen for him - Revathi.
Pandian s adamance to marry Seetha causes a strange turn.
Pandiyarajan  the younger brother  finally marries Revathi.
Pandian ties the knot.
<EOS>
Driverless is about three love stories.
Are intertwined.
It deals.
The director hoped to present love stories set  and force audiences to consider.
What the standard is to measure love.
Should we be loyal.
<EOS>
A run-down senior high school for boys  Kujo  Aoki  Yukio  Yoshimura and Ota are a gang of school friends lost in apathy and dissatisfaction.
They are aware.
Their future offers limited options.
Even most teachers have already written them off.
Kujo s gang is part.
Is controlled.
Is a test.
The game gets to be the society s leader and rules all gangs.
Who wins.
No teacher can stand up.
Kujo wins the leadership.
Excites his best friend Aoki who wants Kujo to dominate the school.
Kujo passively resists.
Aoki eventually realizes.
His best friend only took part to pass the time.
Kujo never wanted to be the school s leader.
Devastated  Aoki challenges Kujo  and loses.
Friends slowly fall apart  bringing their school to a series of mini violent climaxes.
Aoki becomes disillusioned  alienated and hostile.
<EOS>
The film revolved around two men Karan and Daara.
Both were wronged.
Daara was separated and left near a circus.
Where he was brought up.
Karan  s family.
Was murdered.
They are nabbed.
Yogi and Raja rob a village.
Him self.
Raja betrays Yogi and hands him over.
Twenty years later  Raja Singh has become Raja Saab  a dreaded ruler.
Daara and Karan are both grown men now thirsting.
Karan is the silent and angry type.
Where Daara is the fun and witty type.
Yogi Thakur is also released.
The twists incurs.
When Daara wants Yogi Thakur alive to find.
Karan wants Yogi Thakur dead.
<EOS>
Norris and Gossett play.
Max Donigan and Leo Porter  two soldiers  are befriended by an inscrutable woman of mystery Patricia.
Patricia s map leads them.
The name comes from the powerful guardian of the treasure.
This movie is famous.
Which Norris singlehandedly defeats almost every male customer and destroys the bar in the process.
Another aspect is his inability to properly use a firearm  in one scene  he kills a savage by pure luck after misfiring  the result was the bullet bouncing off the walls before hitting its target.
<EOS>
The documentary describes the ascension from being a team largely composed of highly talented  entertaining  Calypso Cricketers to a determined unit.
Dominated world cricket.
It begins to the West Indies Cricket Team.
Using interviews closely associated with West Indies cricket  the idea of culturally and politically different Caribbean nations playing under the common banner of the West Indies is described.
The history is briefly described  such as the appointment of Sir Frank Worrell as the first black man to captain the West Indies Cricket Team  and the emergence of such cricketing greats as Everton Weekes  Learie Constantine  and Sir Garfield Sobers.
However talented these individual cricketers were  they were unable to fetch results  resulting.
Who were entertaining.
The early 1970s saw the emergence.
Who could dominate world cricket.
However  it is said  you have a gang.
When you have 10 young men  you do nt have a team.
Was a guiding hand.
What was needed.
Who could steer this young team  and unite them for a common cause on the cricket field.
That man was Clive Lloyd.
Appointed  Lloyd s first major challenge came in the 1975-76 West Indies Tour of Australia.
Australians Dennis Lillee and Jeff Thomson destroyed the West Indies.
Frequent bouncers and intimidatory tactics led.
The tour ended winning the six-match test series.
Clive Lloyd realizes.
In order to win  it would be necessary for him to also cultivate fast bowlers as devastating.
Clive Lloyd tested his new plan  relentlessly getting his fast bowlers such as Andy Roberts  Michael Holding  and Colin Croft to bowl short-pitched or bouncers to Indian batsman.
When the Indian Cricket Team toured the West Indies.
Jamaica the Indian team declared.
Playing. 
The management decided that they would rather not risk sending their bowlers to face the fearsome fast bowling.
Convinced as an instrument to success  Clive Lloyd s team departed to their Tour of England in.
England Captain Tony Greig s infamous grovel comment is shown.
Is entirety  and the effect it had on galvanising the team is described.
West Indian fast bowling is seen as being dangerous to the game.
However  the West Indians feel.
If the Australians could do it  so could they.
Viv Richards is shown.
Where he scored 829 runs with two.
Viv Richards  refusal to be intimidated is also seen as the ideal way for a batsman to deal with West Indian bowling.
The documentary then describes the struggle.
Kerry Packer eventually enticed the team to participate.
World Series Cricket turns out to be a fore-runner  such as coloured kits  day/night matches  and a greater emphasis on professionalism in play.
Only became permanent.
The West Indian team emerges to the game.
The 1982 Rebel Tour is described.
Colin Croft chooses to go  earning him a life ban.
The main target  however  is international superstar Viv Richards.
Richards states  but decided to not go.
He was offered a blank cheque.
It would validate the state-sponsored racism pursued at the time.
It ends to England in.
The West Indies becomes unstoppable.
The West Indians become an unstoppable force  defeating England 5-0 in the five-test series.
The series was instead dubbed Blackwash.
The documentary ends.
The West Indians earned the respect  admiration  and love and even opposing teams from across the world.
Michael Holding describes.
1980 to March  1995  the West Indies Cricket Team did not lose a single Test series.
<EOS>
Kolchak is sitting on the bed of a sleazy hotel room speaking into his trademark portable tape recorder about the story.
He has written and how it has been withheld.
He describes a series.
Had plagued the world-famous Las Vegas Strip.
All had their blood drained.
Kolchak comes to suspect  portrayed Simon Oakland.
The killer believes himself to be a vampire  much.
Kolchak also has a girlfriend named Gail Foster.
Who earns her living.
Kolchak attempts to get her to give up her night job.
He does not offer her a proposal  or other commitment.
Kolchak begins to look into vampire lore  but is skeptical.
Inexplicable events lead Kolchak to begin to believe.
Something supernatural is occurring.
The evidence eventually persuades him.
This is in fact a real vampire.
Kolchak is able to convince the police  but it is he.
They are fighting a vampire.
Who ultimately takes the vampire down.
He does so with the help of his friend in the FBI.
Kolchak relates.
His deal was not honored.
Kolchak finds himself out  and blackmailed by the Las Vegas police never to return to Las Vegas.
Kolchak is told.
His girlfriend Gail has also been asked to leave town.
Carl exhausts his savings placing personal advertisements but is unsuccessful.
<EOS>
The scene is set sometime  after some type of apocalypse or war.
Thailand has been taken over.
Just released  aging assassin Bae Buffgun is offered a job - killing Bangkok s police chief.
Buffgun forms a team  comprising his old partner  Ghost Rifle and two newcomers  Dog Badbomb  a short-tempered explosives expert and Elvis.
Who s suffered some that makes him think he s Elvis Presley.
Meanwhile  Thailand s most deadly assassin  Kit Silencer has also been hired to kill the top cop.
Confusion ensues.
The crime lord.
Though the chief is killed.
Who hired the killers wants them all dead anyway.
All the hitmen have issues  Buffgun is.
Ghost Rifle is haunted.
Dog harbours a secret reason to Elvis.
Elvis really believes.
He is Elvis Presley.
Elvis M-16 is incapable and can only respond to English commands.
The real Elvis did nt speak Thai.
But none speak English.
Kit Silencer is driven.
Who were killed on the inside of his right wrist.
He checks everyone.
He kills or comes with for that tattoo.
Buffgun happens to be wearing a bandage  so Kit suspects the older gunman.
Where a tattoo might be.
<EOS>
Beena  a program producer  is in her ancestral village for a television program.
She wants her fiance to meet her grandmother.
Who has just been discharged.
Beena  the daughter.
P.
Haridas  is not.
Who died a few years back.
Ratnam happens to visit the house.
There she meets Kuttimalu  a middle-age lady.
Who was once a housemaid.
Kuttimalu is welcomed with the same warmth.
She enjoyed long back.
She says and are leading a happy lives.
Her daughters are now well settled.
Ratnam is also affectionate.
Who had once had an affair.
Ratnam comes across the snaps of Kuttimalu.
Arranging the old books.
He had taken.
She hands them over.
Takes her back.
The story switches.
When Kuttimalu had arrived.
Kuttimalu succeeds.
She was an innocent village girl.
Who always found fun with Ammini  a girl of her age.
Ammini informs her.
The flower will blossom the next morning.
They offer a one rupee note pond and prays deeply to the god.
His/Her wish will turn.
The arrival  a final-year law student  adds more color to her life.
He succeeds.
She believes is real.
She fails to understand.
Its was just fun that Haridas is looking.
Her prayer pond results in blossoming of Neelathamara.
Takes her to cloud nine.
But news comes in as a shock.
Breaks her down mentally.
She slowly realizes.
Haridas was never serious and tries to overcome the grief by silently serving Ratnam  his new wife.
Ratnam one day comes to know and   Haridas replies casually.
When asked.
Makes her go berserk.
Ratnam orders Kuttimalu to leave the house.
She accepts silently.
She is taken home.
Whom she married.
Now years have passed.
Haridas is no more.
Both ladies have matured.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A love affair ends tragically.
When the lieutenant is killed.
The girl commits suicide.
<EOS>
The background story.
Taking the same basic idea.
The snakes end up.
Writer Eric Forsberg created a woman.
Who has been put.
She must travel.
Order to recover the lost pieces.
Where a powerful Mayan shaman can lift the curse.
She takes the snakes along in small jars.
Bandits attack her  allowing the snakes to escape and endanger the rest.
Eventually  and inexplicably  she herself transforms and swallows the moving train whole.
Six passengers managed to escape unharmed and one performs magic to make her vanish.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Who lost his parents.
He enters the police force.
It is not his ambition to do so.
Pavithran lands up disguised as a merchant to investigate the murder of a union leader named Ajayan.
Another character is Ammu.
Who is the leader and is in love with Pavithran.
<EOS>
Floreal is released prior to the end of a military coup detat in.
He discovers.
His wife has cheated and is not sure he wants to return to his former life and family.
A friend  El-Negro   appears  to help Floreal face.
Who was killed.
What has happened when he was serving time.
El-Negro helps him to live.
Happened. 
El-Negro helps.
Him get  understanding how hard it was to endure such a difficult time and how the military coup had crushed people s lives.
Floreal realizes.
When El-Negro finally tells him he must return.
He must be strong and   pick up and go on with his life.
<EOS>
Trevor Reznik is a machinist.
Who has had chronic insomnia and has lost weight to the point where he has become severely emaciated.
His alarming appearance and strange behavior cause his co-workers to keep away  they eventually turn.
He is involved.
Trevor   bears the blame.
Who was distracted.
No one knows of Ivan.
There are no records as an employee.
Trevor seems to find peace only.
Who develops genuine affection.
Where he spends many.
Trevor is haunted.
Everyday objects take on a menacing air.
The car cigarette lighter.
A mysterious series.
Appear. 
He nevertheless attempts to establish a tentative romantic relationship.
Meeting her  Trevor accompanies her son Nicholas on a grotesque funhouse ride called Route.
Whose flashing lights cause the boy to suffer an epileptic seizure.
Trevor is no longer able to think clearly and begins to suspect.
The bizarre events are a concerted effort to drive him insane.
These ideas are fed in small random clues.
One takes the form of a picture of Ivan fishing with Reynolds  one of Trevor s.
Trevor discovers when it s momentarily left behind in a pub.
Another near-accident causes Trevor to lash out in rage at his.
He is immediately fired.
Growing increasingly distracted and alienated  Trevor forgets to pay his utility bills.
His electricity is disconnected.
A dark  viscous liquid begins trickling out  eventually coating the refrigerator door with streaks of.
What appears to be blood.
Trevor tries to trace him through his license plate.
He follows Ivan s car to read its license plate.
Before his gasoline runs out.
Trevor throws himself.
When a DMV clerk insists that he can not release personal information unless a crime has been committed.
Order to accuse Ivan and run.
The battered Trevor is dumbfounded  Trevor reported the vehicle destroyed in a wreck one year ago.
When the investigator tells him that the car is his own.
He runs and goes to see Stevie.
Who clothes and washes him.
But then Trevor finds the fishing picture now framed in her home and accuses her of conspiring against him.
Stevie is confused and says.
The picture is.
Trevor refuses to look.
Trevor is thrown out.
He goes to find solace.
An unfamiliar waitress tells him - the waitress says.
When he asks.
They never had an employee.
She has served Trevor every day  without him ever saying a word.
Trevor sees Ivan take Nicholas.
Who appears to have been kidnapped.
Fearing the worst  Trevor sneaks inside.
Nicholas is nowhere to be seen and does not respond.
Trevor confronts Ivan  and asks him.
What he has done.
Trevor struggles and ultimately kills Ivan.
He then flings open the shower curtain  expecting to see Nicholas s dead body.
The bathtub is empty.
He goes and opens it to find rotting fish and other spoiled foods tumbling out.
His mind then flashes back.
Now shows a heavier  healthier Trevor standing  just as Stevie claimed.
Ivan was never  it was all a part of Trevor s hallucination.
The scene then returns.
Occurred  rolling it in a rug and struggling to cast it into the ocean.
There is nothing inside.
When the rug unravels.
Ivan -- as alive -- appears holding a flashlight and laughing.
Trevor  suddenly home again and staring in a mirror  begins to repeat  I know.
Who you are.
He then recalls his own role.
Which he ran over and killed a boy identical.
The boy s mother   was  Trevor decided to drive away.
Whom he later fantasizes.
The resulting guilt became the deep-seated cause.
He fills.
He briefly considers going to the airport and escaping.
Instead he drives to police headquarters  accompanied.
Who bids him an approving farewell.
Trevor confesses to his hit and run.
Two police officers escort Trevor.
Where he states that he intends to go to sleep.
<EOS>
Janet feels.
Her parents do nt love her anymore because they made her older sister the definite center during her aunt s visit.
Filled  she decides to run away.
The gang volunteers to help Janet become adapted and choose elderly Mr and Mrs Jones as potential candidates.
One boy overhears their plans and immediately confronts Janet s parents.
Who call the police.
The Jones quickly realize and decide to teach her and the gang a lesson.
When the gang pay the Jones a visit and offer Janet.
Janet is a runaway.
They agree to adopt her but make her life and show.
Where she will sleep.
She walks out  believing.
When Mrs Jones decides that Janet is unhappy enough.
Janet will happily run with open arms.
But  Janet runs away again.
Mrs Jones leaves.
The gang soon discover  so they run and hide.
The police are searching.
They burn it and create heavy smoke.
Trying to cook some food.
Leaves their faces covered.
They bring Janet back home and tell Janet s parents.
They see that the smoke will hide their true identities.
She wanted to run away.
Janet s family now realize.
Fortunate they are to have her.
Mary apologizes and assures.
It will never happen again.
Froggy says  All s well.
Ends well  I always say.
Jasper corrects him  saying.
The phrase was originally made.
He did.
<EOS>
Russian Cossacks led by Count Ivan Raspinoff  in collusion with General Jason Burr  attempt to invade California and turn it into a Russian Colony with Burr as its dictator.
They round up slaves to work.
He assumes the masked identity to stop them and get his revenge.
When Don returns  having been away.
He is aided.
Awaiting the arrival before the colony becomes official.
<EOS>
The Adventures is a series of vignettes featuring the title character  Lucky Pierre  in a series of unrelated storylines involving scantly-clad or nude women.
Friedman interview.
Pierre  named  would end up  Pierre attends a drive-in movie.
A childhood rhyme Friedman and Lewis remembered.
Where he encounters various naked women.
Where the ticket taker and concession workers are all nude women who also appear.
Quarles .
Pierre  as a painter  has three nude women posing for him in a park  Friedman .
And another vignette had Pierre come.
Friedman .
<EOS>
Tom Reagan is the long-time confidant.
Who runs a Prohibition-era city.
Leo goes and extends his protection to Bernie.
When Leo s Italian up-and-coming rival Johnny Caspar announces his intentions to kill bookie Bernie Bernbaum.
Bernie is the brother.
Who has begun a relationship while having a long-term secret affair with Tom.
Leo and Caspar go as a consequence.
Tom tries everything  he attempts to convince Leo.
He can to convince Leo to give Bernie up to Caspar to end the war.
Verna is playing him to protect her brother.
Leo will not be swayed.
Tom reveals his affair with Verna to Leo to prove  causing Leo to beat Tom up and turn his back on both.
She is dishonest.
Tom then appears to change sides and goes to work.
He is immediately commanded to kill Bernie.
Bernie pleads to spare him.
Tom allows him to escape.
The war goes well.
He assumes Leo s position.
However  Tom begins sowing discord and his most trusted enforcer  Eddie Dane.
Bernie returns and tries to blackmail Tom into killing Caspar.
Tom s machinations convince Caspar to kill Eddie Dane.
Tom then arranges a meeting  but sends Caspar instead.
Bernie gets the jump and kills him.
Tom arrives.
Tricks Bernie  saying  then reveals his intention to kill Bernie.
They could blame Eddie Dane.
Bernie once again begs  saying Look into your heart.
Tom shoots him.
Leo resumes his post.
Caspar and Eddie Dane dead.
Verna has also won her way back.
She reacts coldly.
Bernie is being buried  Leo announces.
Verna has proposed  and offers Tom his old job back.
Tom refuses.
He remains behind and watches.
Leo leave.
<EOS>
A newspaper editor  Shrivastav  is killed.
When he was about to expose the underworld links.
He calls to talk to him about the threat.
He receives.
Srivastav dies.
Shekhar arrives.
He remembers.
He saw a suspicious person and borrows a lady s car to chase him.
The lady throws a fit.
They lose the chase.
The two return home.
When they find the keys.
Meanwhile   petty pickpocket Master is found at scene and confesses seeing the whole murder.
Shekhar uncovers some.
Master identifies the killer.
Who is put.
Meanwhile  the lady  Rekha  turns out to be the daughter.
Trust is formed.
Shekhar is taken in an attempt to bribe him to release the prisoner.
The attempt fails.
The person is Kamini.
Who offers the bribe.
She spikes the drink offered  intoxicates him.
The gang leaves him.
He is found.
Who brings him home.
Shekhar sees Kamini and follows her.
Kamini turns out to be a childhood friend.
The mastermind  Dharamdas  now wants to incriminate Shekhar.
That he can be clear.
They take Master and try to persuade him but fail.
The gang kills the original killer.
This puts the blame.
He goes and waits for the verdict the next day.
Romantic feelings have grown between Rekha and Shekhar.
They talk.
Shekhar does not know.
What to do.
He is persuaded to run away  knowing.
He will have to prove who the real killer is.
He runs away.
Dharamdas knows  he will have evidence to expose the mastermind.
When Shekhar comes out.
So  he sends his men to kill Shekhar.
They shoot him.
Shekhar manages to reach the killer s house unseen.
He is confronted.
He convinces her.
She can only plan a crime  not commit one.
She feels  realizes  and nurtures Shekhar nearly to health.
Dharamdas is evil and that she should no longer be a criminal.
Dharamdas returns and barely sees Shekhar escape.
Kamini follows.
It is Kamini and Shekhar vs.
Dharamdas.
Kamini and Shekhar escape.
Shekhar calls the police station  saying.
He is surrendering himself.
Kamini is shot.
Before he reaches the gate.
Then Rekha s father  aka the Chief  tries to get a full idea.
Shekhar explains  yet the Chief does not believe him.
Dharmdas is the mastermind.
Shehar explains the whole thing and.
If Kamini regains consciousness  she will testify.
Yet he still has to prove.
Dharamdas is the criminal so the Chief can see  and so they have confirmation he is the criminal in case Kamini does not survive.
They plant an article saying  knowing Dharamdas will try to kill her in the hospital.
Rekha will testify.
They switch Kamini  and tell the desk clerk to tell Dharamadas.
Kamini is  where they will be waiting for him.
Dharamdas comes.
Before Shekhar and Chief give up.
They wait.
They realize.
They left the door open.
Dharamdas realizes the actual room as well.
The Chief and Shekhar come just.
Dharamdas attempts to kill Rekha.
Dharamdas is convicted  Shekhar has to face trial.
The Chief promises to recommend bail or dropping the charges.
Rekha and Shekhar continue their romantic feelings.
<EOS>
The daily life.
Who lives off the dump.
This is the place.
He grew up  that fed him and where he finds the articles he sells to survive.
This film tenderly recounts the harsh and humble life.
<EOS>
Jon Cold is an ex-CIA agent.
Who s now working and offering his services to the highest bidder.
Jon is hired to break James Donovan.
Jon takes James to see his brother  arms dealer Michael Donovan  the man.
Who hired Jon to break James out.
The Donovans hire Jon to help sell the parts for a small nuclear bomb to Nicholi  the leader of a Chechan terrorist group.
Is planning to blow up Los Angeles.
The CIA killed the group s previous leader.
Meanwhile  Jon s former protege  agent Amanda Stuart  is spying for the CIA.
The Donovans see her spying.
They re.
Jon rescues Amanda and takes Michael hostage.
Nicholi really does nt care as well.
What happens  so that does nt really work.
It should have.
Jon and Amanda find themselves.
Also  Jon has been framed  so there s a shoot-on-sight directive on his head.
It ll be a miracle.
Can clear his name and keep Los Angeles.
<EOS>
Teenage Boyson Oates conflicts.
NYTimes Movies.
After an unsuccessful attempt to follow his fathers s orders  Boyson runs away  but is lured back for a reconciliation by one final parental act of appeasement.
<EOS>
Ohio resident Jeff Hannon drives to Beuford  Texas to inform the local authorities-Sheriff Delaney and Deputy Lance.
He has information whose body was never found.
Delaney thinks  and does nt take him seriously.
Jeff is crazy.
Strange phone calls made  from Priscilla  as well as it being apparent.
Hannon is shaken up  convince Delaney to hear Jeff out.
Delaney takes Hannon at Maggie s restaurant.
Where Jeff finishes his story.
The Sheriff agrees to put his mind by taking him to.
Where the phone calls told him the body would be  The Tree.
They arrive.
Where Jeff starts digging  where he finds the remains.
Sheriff Delaney then shoots Jeff and kills him  implying.
Delaney is the one who killed Priscilla  and hid her body.
<EOS>
The film opens.
They are interrupted beneath the rest house.
An evil force suddenly issues both of them.
Next  the film introduces Ajay  a middle-aged man looking.
He spots a job opening  manager  in a newspaper  applies for the position and is rather promptly given the job.
The head manager - played - informs him.
The previous manager committed suicide.
He explains.
It remains unclear why  but the local townsfolk seem to think the place is haunted.
Ajay and Vaishali arrive.
The townsfolk simply recoil and look away  nobody wants to talk.
When they ask.
Ajay and Vaishali are baffled  but eventually arrive  late  at the dak bangla.
Ajay and Vaishali find.
Dinner has been laid out.
The meet Shakal.
He shows them around.
He also indicates a locked door.
He simply says.
When asked.
He does nt know anything.
Ajay s niece  Sapna and her friends   arrive at the dak bangla to spend their holidays.
The film turns.
When Sapna begins having the same nightmare every night.
She is a princess.
She is being molested  ending in her being murdered.
The nightmare somehow leads her and Raj to break.
This room is identical.
There is a large painting  dressed as a princess  on the wall.
There is a bloodstain.
An ancient book is cached.
The book reveals.
The dak bangla was a royal palace many years ago.
Thakur Mansingh was the ruler.
His daughter  princess Sapna  was strolling.
When she was suddenly attacked.
Her fiance  prince Kunal  comes.
Ozo is beaten and driven away.
It turns out.
Ozo s father is a known.
Inflamed  he appeals to his azeem taquat  for evil powers.
Infused  Ozo breaks into the royal palace and murders the prince and princess  he beheads the princess  causing her blood to spatter over the painting.
His powers wane.
When the royal guard arrives.
Thakur Mansingh orders.
He be tortured  and ultimately quartered and beheaded.
Ozo s father is summoned to take the remains.
Aghast  the old man sews his dead son back together  invokes his evil powers  and transmits his blood.
The thakur orders the dungeon sealed.
A large figure placed across the portal.
The book ends.
Sapna continues having the nightmares.
Raj and Sapna are convinced.
Sapna is the princess reborn  and that Ozo is inducing these nightmares to claim her again and exact his revenge.
Flustered and angered.
Wanting to end it and for all  Raj and Sapna remove the Suryadevta and enter the dungeon.
They find the mummy and a skeleton.
Their fears are temporarily put.
A gang of robbers arrive at the dak bangla.
The real chowkidars body is discovered.
Shakal reveals himself.
He is the ringleader.
They have recently looted a bank and want to stash the loot and lie low here.
The situation cools off.
The mummy returns.
No Suryadevta to check it.
Several  and a couple of Sapna s friends  are brutally killed by the mummy.
Raj  Sapna  Ajay  Vaishali and Shakal spend the following night fleeing.
After a few more casualties  they manage to lure the mummy back into the dungeon.
Raj sets a trap.
Where he embeds a large hook and has it yanked out of the building and into the sunlight.
Fatally exposed  the mummy spontaneously catches fire and ultimately perishes to the will of Suryadevta.
Ajay   is killed.
Who distracted the mummy so Raj could hook it.
The film ends.
<EOS>
War and poverty force Gulzar  a young tourist boatman  to run away with his best friend.
But a military crackdown derails their escape.
They become trapped.
Waiting to change  they discover a mysterious woman  braving the curfew to research the dying lake.
Rivalry and jealousy threaten his boyhood friendship and their plans.
Gulzar falls.
Gulzar must choose.
The first film set to bring audiences inside this unique world.
<EOS>
Charlotte von Mahlsdorf  a male to female transsexual  recounts incidents.
Now elderly  she runs the Grunderzeit Museum  fulfilling her dream.
Scenes are dramatized.
Two actors play the young and middle aged Charlotte.
She plays herself.
Life was difficult.
An effeminate boy  he enjoyed cleaning and dusting.
His early desire to live finally found an outlet  herself a member of the third sex.
When he was sent to Eastern Prussia in the household of her aunt Luise.
A female surprises her nephew trying out female outfits.
She allows the youth to dress at home and gives him The Transvestite by Dr Magnus Hirshfeld.
To read the book.
She also respects the boy s privacy.
When she finds her nephew having sex with a farm boy.
Back  after the death of his great uncle  the young Lothar  found himself at the complete mercy of his brutal father.
Trying to save his mother and himself  Lothar bludgeons his father to death  a crime.
Which he is psychiatrically evaluated and imprisoned.
The defeat sets the boy free.
Wandering  he barely escapes to be killed as a deserted by German soldiers.
Lothar has come to identify herself as a feminine being in a masculine body.
She lives now full time  being Charlotte or Lottchen similar to Lothar and Mahlsdorf.
The section were she lives.
She moves and spends years and a lot of hard work trying to restore it.
But eventually she is expelled.
Working  she is seduced by her employer.
They start a sexual relationship.
She explains the way women do.
She preferred older lovers feeling protected.
That affair lasted several years.
Zitzenau s health declined and death.
They find their way around.
Though life is difficult under the communist regime of East Germany.
Cruising a public restroom  Charlotte meets Joechen  a lover.
Whom she could be a real woman.
Their relation last for twenty seven year until Joeche s death.
For more than thirty years Charlotte manages to live her life.
She preserves the entire contents.
The DDR government closed the bar  and moved to demolish the building.
Its contents were transferred in Mahlsdorf run by Charlotte and a lesbian couple.
The elderly Charlotte  very much active  takes a role in the first East German gay film  Heiner Carow s Coming Out.
Its premiere coincides.
But even has to face many problems.
The German government takes the Grunderzeit Museum and its contents.
Her gay friends are attacked during the first joint East - west gay and lesbian gathering.
Her labor is recognized.
When she receives the Cross from the government for furthering the cause of sexual freedom.
<EOS>
A baby boy is found abandoned and subsequently is raised by three men  a German delicatessen owner  a Jewish tailor  and an Irish street cleaner.
They adopt the boy and raise him.
The timeline jumps 20 years.
The now-grown Mike resists going convinces him to go.
He does not wish to be a financial burden  however a pretty Italian girl  Mary working at the delicatessen.
Mike enrolls gains a reputation as a sports hero.
He disavows his three fathers.
Leads giving him a thrashing in front of the boy s best friends.
He begins with gamblers and ends up owing them money.
To settle his debts  they demand.
He purposely lose the school s big rowing match.
His three fathers and the girl come to support him.
He defies the gamblers and wins the race.
His three fathers then come forward to confront and deal.
<EOS>
Aina is a love story being a daughter of a business tycoon i.
E. 
Rita and one being a realistic  self-confident and a little bit arrogant poor young man.
Rita is a leisure girl.
They both fall.
The differences and Rita s father Seth arises right from the beginning  esp.
Saying his daughter s sari costs 7500 rupees as compare.
When he criticised Nadeem.
But.
She would suicide if she would not be allowed to marry Nadeem.
So both married.
Nadeem knew.
Seth was not really happy.
One day Rita s mother came.
He denied.
Not only this  he also angried about the telephone installed in his house by her.
A few days later  Rita s mother purchased furniture and invited her guests to a dance party in Nadeem s house.
He became very angry.
When Nadeem came back home.
He asked Rita to leave the house and stay.
Rita left.
Next day  Nadeem got an appointment perhaps from a hotel in Murree.
He has to leave the city immediately.
But  he met Seth.
Leaving the city he tried to meet Rita  but.
Seth misinform him.
Rita does not want to see his face again and decided to get divorce.
She has realised that she has made such a big mistake.
Shocked and dishearted Nadeem left the city.
Rita was waiting for him in the hope.
He would come back and take her back.
But her father deceived her too.
He had visited Nadeem.
He insulted him and said.
He is going to divorce her.
This shocked Rita.
She could not bear the pain.
So they moved.
Where the Nadeem was gone.
A car driver incidentally injured Nadeem.
Nadeem moved.
Where Rita was admitted.
He found his wife unconscious on the hospital bed  during this Seth interrupted and said.
He is going to give away the child.
Nadeem refused to do that and said.
He will take care himself.
The film has taken a very sad turn.
Mujhe dil se na bhulana.
When Nadeem carrying the baby and singing the sad version of the song.
Remembering those happy days.
Seth lied not only to Rita but to his wife also.
The baby has died.
This was a tremendeous shock.
She somewhat lost her mental balance.
The baby is grown up to a teenage boy  a very sensitive and very anxious about his mother.
Whereas  Rita s mental instability grew day.
Her mother asked Rita s father to let Rita visit her baby s grave which would perhaps help her.
Next day all visited and searched the graveyard.
Where they come.
They started leaving the place.
There was nothing found there.
Nadeem hand him over her photo.
Shahzeb recognised his mother and ran  Rita stopped the car and ran towards the place.
Where Rita and her parents come and started singing the same song which he used to listen from his father Mujhe dil se na bhulana.
Finally she reached Nadeem s house.
Amazed.
Asked  as both were in misunderstanding.
It was Rita s father who had actually planned their separation and who had lied that her child is dead.
Rita turned angriely and slapped her embarrassed father.
Who was listening this.
Her mother said.
You have actually slapped that mentality.
Believes. 
And then they lived happily ever.
<EOS>
The Remington detective agency sends Tex Kinnane to Australia to track down a notorious gold robber and murderer called John Spengler.
Tex makes friends with Baldy Muldoon and travels with him to the small town of Gold Star.
Where Baldy s wife runs the local saloon.
Tex adopts a baby kangaroo and earns the name Kangaroo Kid.
He is hired.
Befriends barmaid Stella Grey.
Who offers to look.
Tex is challenged by local thugs Phil Romero and Robey.
Tex outshoots them  causing a fistfihgt.
Sgt Jim Penrose warns him.
Penrose visits his girlfriend  Mary.
Who says that her father  miner Steve Corbett  has been acting strangely since Tex arrived and wants to leave town.
Vincent Moller  an American living  plans to rob the stage coach with Crobett  Romero and Robey and implicate Tex.
Corbett is reluctant to join in.
Moller plans to kill him.
Tex is driving the stage.
When it is held up.
Sgt Jim Penrose is convinced.
He is guilty.
He tracks down Tex and puts him.
Moller visits Tex and agrees to arrange his escape.
He leaves the country quickly.
This makes Tex suspicious.
He escapes and proves.
Moller is John Spengler.
Tex takes Moller back but promises to return for Stella.
<EOS>
Adam  a shy  cynical goth kid  encounters Steve  an attractive Dazzle Dancer performing at Danceteria one night.
The two flirt and go.
Unbeknownst  the cocaine is cut with baby laxative  resulting in Steve losing control of his bowels and explosively defecating all over Adam s apartment.
Humiliated  Steve flees.
Seventeen years later  Adam is a jaded ex-substance addict working.
Steve has become a successful psychiatrist.
The two meet.
When Adam accidentally stabs his dog.
Steve   treats the animal.
Who dabbled.
Both Adam and Steve fail to recognize each other.
Adam and Steve strike a fast friendship and begin dating  eventually falling  Steve introduces Adam to his latently religious parents.
Adam introduces Steve.
Rhonda and Michael -- Adam and Steve s respective best friends -- are initially wary and openly hostile toward one another.
Soon themselves fall and begin dating.
Steve s feelings grow.
Eventually he confides.
He plans to propose marriage.
However  right  Adam absentmindedly muses.
Steve prepares to propose.
His entire litany were sparked by his disastrous affair with an incontinent Dazzle Dancer back in.
Steve realizes  horrified at this revelation.
Who Adam is.
Feeling responsible  Steve abruptly breaks up with Adam.
Adam falls  she and Michael reveal all to Adam.
Rhonda wheedles the truth from Michael.
Adam angrily confronts Steve  but still upset and scared.
Who is apologetic.
Adam is still upset and prepared to give up.
Steve apologizes more humbly and professes his love  Adam softens and accepts.
Steve moves forward.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Andrea Andy Sachs is an aspiring journalist fresh out.
She lands the job.
A million girls would kill.
Andy fumbles with her job and fits in poorly with her catty coworkers  especially Miranda s British senior assistant Emily Charlton.
Who came to visit her.
Where she is.
She needs to get home and orders Andy to get her home somehow.
Andy tries every airline company.
There is.
None are flying out because of the weather.
Andy s father suggests.
Miranda learn a lesson  and tells Andy to put away her phone as he takes her out to dinner.
She tells Andy.
When Miranda does arrive back.
She has disappointed her.
Andy has a talk.
Who gives a whole new perspective  her work and fashion in general.
Andy decides to change and -- initially -- gradually learns her responsibilities and begins to dress more stylishly.
Andy feels.
Nigel is blunt.
He is the lone Runway employee looking out.
Miranda notices the change and gives her a new task  delivering The Book to her Upper East Side townhouse.
Emily explains.
She has to behave as if she is ` invisible  while she delivers the book.
However  Andy is tricked into going upstairs.
Where she inadvertently walks.
Mortified  she drops the book and leaves.
Miranda punishes Andy.
Andy is just about to quit he has obtained it.
When Christian Thompson  a famous writer and acquaintance informs her.
Andy delivers the copy to a stunned Miranda.
Who still gives Andy a hard time.
Andy was prepared and already gave the twins two copies  she gave.
Miranda was just a backup.
Miranda commands Andy to accompany the two to a charity benefit.
When Emily falls ill.
Where they masquerade while actually Emily whispers to Miranda the names of the people approaching her for greeting.
Andy saves Miranda from being embarrassed by Emily  turns down an offer to meet a big publisher from Christian.
Who had forgotten one.
All the while misses her boyfriend s birthday party.
One evening   Miranda informs her.
Returning The Book.
She needs the best team possible.
Andy hesitates.
Emily has been boasting.
Miranda tells her.
Declining will send the message that she is not committed at another publication.
Faced  Andy accepts.
The next day Miranda then tells Andy to be the bearer to Emily.
Emily crosses and is hit by a taxi.
As Andy is about to tell her.
Andy has a rough day confronting Emily.
Where she accepts a kiss.
Lily catches this and berates Andy  to then confront her boyfriend.
She is going.
He realizes.
They no longer have anything.
They break up.
Andy attends the shows and even meets designer Valentino Garavani  being introduced as the new Emily.
One night Andy comes to find her in her bathrobe  undressed  and crying.
Miranda opens up saying.
Deciding. 
Her husband is divorcing her.
Again the press would write rude things as ` career obsessed woman.
Who does nt care but that her biggest worry is for her daughters.
Later  Andy learns.
He has landed a job at fashion designer James Holt s new company.
Andy has dinner.
Who figures out that she is single again.
She succumbs to Christian s charms.
The two have sex.
The next morning   Andy finds out.
Dressing. 
The American Runway s owner is planning to replace Miranda.
Surprised  she asks Christian.
Who confirms it saying that Miranda has become old and that Jacqueline will bring fresh change.
Andy rushes.
Christian stops her calling her baby.
Andy storms out to find Miranda and warn her.
Miranda seems unfazed.
When Andy finally tells her.
Miranda announces.
Jacqueline will be the new creative director.
En route  Miranda explains to a still-stunned Andy.
She knew to get rid of her all along.
She found an alternative and presented The List to the owner of Runway   and was forced to reconsider.
Who realized that  Runway would suffer greatly.
Miranda also says.
She was pleased and that she sees a great deal of herself in her.
Andy says.
She could never do what Miranda did to Nigel.
Miranda replies.
She already did.
Miranda tentatively comforts her  saying.
Those choices are necessary to live the life that she lives.
Andy gets out of the car and simply walks away.
She throws her phone.
When receiving a call.
Back  Andy meets with Nate for breakfast.
He has accepted an offer to work.
Andy is disappointed.
Her hope is rejuvenated.
When he says they could work something out.
Andy  once again wearing more modest clothes  goes.
The interviewer reveals.
Miranda told him she was by far her biggest disappointment  but that if he did not hire her  he would be an idiot.
Afterwards Andy calls Emily and offers to send Emily all of the outfits.
Andy got while  Emily feigns imposition saying the clothes will absolutely drown her but accepts.
Emily turns.
When she hangs up.
Replaced Andy and tells her that she has big shoes to fill.
She sees Miranda getting.
Andy hangs up.
They exchange.
Looks and Andy smiles.
Miranda acts.
If the two are strangers  which Andy takes.
Go.
Miranda smiles slightly before curtly telling her driver.
<EOS>
The film is set.
It opens.
The temple bells toll sanctum and bow before the great altar of the Golden Buddha  before.
Sits the Abbot.
A shaven-headed  blue-robed novice stands.
His head bowed.
He is about to be accepted.
The Abbot speaks.
Then the Abbot asks.
Jue Yuan  he answers.
The Abbot tells him  he must vow to not commit murder.
To be accepted.
He asks.
He can obey this.
Jue Yuan is silent  staring downward.
The Abbot repeats the question.
Jue Yuan slowly raises his eyes  gazing intensely.
The Abbot asks the question a third time  The film flashes back killing an old man with a throat lock and throwing him off a high brick wall into a muddy river  then abusively ordering the rest of his slaves back to work.
They re by the great river  toiling in the mud among corpses.
Hang as the soldiers whip them.
It is.
When China became divided.
Wang Shichong   has treacherously installed himself  and is overseeing the bolstering of his riverfront defenses against the rival warlords on the opposite bank.
Who ruled.
They are.
He forces even the old  crippled  and sick to work.
Still the work is nt progressing fast enough.
He orders.
An officer to bring all his prisoners  who are opposing rebels  to join the slaves.
These rebels include an older kung fu master  famous  and his long-haired son  Jue Yuan.
The soldiers whip the slaves.
One old slave collapses and drops a wooden beam.
Causes an officer s horse to rear and throw the officer.
The officer begins to beat the slave.
Jue Yuan s father attacks him.
His ankles and wrists are chained together.
The officer proves to be a kung fu fighter.
They fight  but Jue Yuan s father still manages to defeat him.
This draws the attention.
Who attacks Jue Yuan s father himself and rips his throat out.
Jue Yuan rushes in and unleashes the kicking skills.
His father taught him  scattering the guards and fighting the officers.
Then the Emperor beats him up and deals him a deadly Dim Mak palm strike.
Jue Yuan is thrown.
He manages to swim away and escape.
He staggers.
Finally he manages to reach the Shaolin Temple.
The Sifu is teaching the monks staff kung fu.
When Jue Yuan arrives and falls unconscious.
Throngs are flocking to the Shaolin Temple every day.
The Abbot proclaims.
It is their holy duty as Buddhist monks to pray and do all they can to help them.
They nurse Jue Yuan back.
He joins them.
When he has recovered.
They use.
He struggles  but is helped.
Who sings.
Herds rams.
Surround the Shaolin Temple.
Jue Yuan spies and gets himself into various other comedic misadventures around the Shaolin Temple  befriending the light-hearted  fun-loving  mischievous Sifu and his equally mischievous kung fu students in the process.
One night they all sneak out to eat and party.
There he learns more and his former family in the North.
He learns.
The Sifu is Bai Wu Xia s father  that she was one  and that she is skilled at kung fu.
The Sifu says.
He left his wife to hide.
He fled on  eventually hiding.
The farmer   raped the woman.
Who had no children.
It is implied.
He also murdered her.
Bai Wu Xia s whereabouts are not made clear.
Jue Yuan declares.
He will kill the Emperor.
He asks the Sifu to train him.
The Sifu tells him.
Shaolin kung fu is.
Besides  Jue Yuan is nt a monk.
Jue Yuan drops  presses his palms together  and says.
He wants to become a monk.
Jue Yuan s head is shaven.
He bows on the great altar of the golden Buddha.
The assembled monks sing mystic hymns  ring bells  and strike gongs.
A mosquito bites Jue Yuan.
He kneels there.
He kills it  but the Abbot blesses and accepts him.
He is ordained.
Jue Yuan joins his fellow monks.
He has gained impressive fighting abilities  but  his enemy flashes with the visage of the Emperor in his mind.
Sparring. 
He almost kills his partner.
He is banned.
His emotions flare quickly out.
He runs away.
Jue Yuan attempts to assassinate the Emperor  but fails and is forced to flee.
Ashamed  he returns.
His Sifu admonishes him  but welcomes him home and allows him to resume his Northern Shaolin kung fu training.
Jue Yuan trains.
Seen. 
Then another refugee comes fleeing.
This refugee is Li Shimin  son.
Who founded the Tang Dynasty  Li Yuan.
The Shaolin monks keep peace  and make a show of helping them hunt for Li Shimin.
But Jue Yuan helps Li Shimin escape.
Jue Yuan and Li Shimin end up hiding together.
Bai Wu Xia stealthily brings them food and water.
Li Shimin must escape  though.
Jue Yuan and Bai Wu Xia help him  sneaking and bribing their way.
A forbidden romance builds between Jue Yuan and Bai Wu Xia.
But they fail.
Li Shimin and Bai Wu Xia flee down a river  Li Shimin with an arrow in his leg.
Jue Yuan sacrifices himself to slow down the Emperor s outriders.
However  his Sifu and a group of Shaolin warrior monks come to his aid and massacre the outriders.
They save Jue Yuan s life.
His Sifu excommunicates him and banishes him.
He desperately follows them back anyway.
They throw him out and drive him away.
The Emperor learns.
What the Shaolin monks did  and marches with his army to destroy it.
Jue Yuan comes back yet again.
This time his Sifu sends him away along  to take her to safety and never return.
The Abbot not to fight.
While the Emperor s army surrounds the Shaolin Temple.
The Abbot treats.
He appeals.
The Temple has a very long history.
A crime should not merit the destruction  or any of the monks.
He accepts the blame.
The Emperor has him placed.
Is set aflame.
He tells the monks.
If they reveal the traitors  whereabouts  he ll spare the Temple and the Abbot s life.
He has his men kill several  and threatens.
When no one talks.
If no one talks  they ll all be killed.
Then the Sifu and the warrior monks reveal themselves.
The Sifu cries.
They must fight.
The Abbot   tells the Sifu to release the souls and send them to Heaven.
He is immersed.
And so the battle is joined.
Many monks are killed.
Jue Yuan and Ba Wu Xia return.
The Emperor s army takes the outer walls and outer grounds  and kills all the monks therein.
The surviving monks fall back.
The Sifu is shot full.
He entreats Jue Yuan to protect Shaolin and uphold justice  and dies.
The Emperor and his men break open the inner gate.
They re about to massacre the rest  but then the Emperor receives word.
Li Shimin and his army are approaching his own East Capital.
They abandon the siege and ride for the East Capital with all speed.
Jue Yuan and the warrior monks ride and join the battle at the ravaged East Capital  at the very site.
Where the Emperor killed Jue Yuan s father.
Jue Yuan and the Emperor duel on the shores of the great river.
Their battle climbs up a great wooden structure  falls off the top  and returns to the shore.
Finally Jue Yuan uses his Northern Shaolin kung fu to kill the Emperor.
The battle is won.
The film returns  with Jue Yuan in the sanctum of the Shaolin Temple  kneeling before the high altar.
The new Abbot asks him if he can obey the vow to do no murder.
Jue Yuan vows.
He shall not kill save to uphold righteousness.
The Abbot accepts this.
Jue Yuan continues to swear his vows.
He is again conflicted.
When he reaches the vow.
He opens his folded palms to look.
He flashes back again.
He and Bai Wu Xia kneel and bow.
Whom they have offered many baskets.
Jue Yuan speaks aloud.
He is determined to enter Buddha.
Bai Wu Xia gazes with tears in her eyes  knowing.
What this means.
Jue Yuan vows to defend Shaolin and uphold justice  quoting the last words.
Bai Wu Xia gives him the jade amulet  a token  and departs.
Now   he looks up from the jade amulet to see Bai Wu Xia.
Who has snuck and is staring at him from behind a great pillar.
He hesitates  then vows to remain celibate.
She leaves.
The great bell are beaten.
Jue Yuan is ordained.
The film s closing scene is.
<EOS>
Song Hye Kyo s debut movie My.
Girl and I is a heartwarming story.
The film starts.
Where we see Kim Su Ho return to attend a reunion with his high school friends.
He sadly strolls.
He hears a female voice.
The next scene shows us Su Ho s three friends celebrating and talking.
They doubt.
He ll attend their reunion because he apparently has nt gotten.
It is said.
It is the death anniversary of a girl named.
Su Ho enters and warmly greets his friends.
The four friends go to a lighthouse  Bae Su-eun  my friend s brain is small but is filled with endless thoughts of you.
Where Su Ho s friend shouts.
Please let my friend go.
Su Ho becomes emotional and starts to cry.
The next scene is a flashback.
Wherein a younger Su Ho is rescued.
Her beeper got lost.
She just walked away.
Su Ho then wakes up and thinks.
His friends had saved him.
The next scene leads us.
Su Ho and his classmates were asked to sing.
He sang normally but was distracted.
When his classmate  Bae Su-eun started.
Su Ho suddenly became conscious and curious.
All  Su-eun is the prettiest girl  so why should she show interest in the ordinary-looking Su Ho.
Su Ho s classmate and friend sits  sighs and says.
What will I do.
He told Su Ho.
Su-eun always stares in class.
Su Ho just shrugged.
He thought that Su-eun may actually be interested but was not.
Su Ho and Su-eun pass.
They were about to walk.
When they got.
They repeatedly tried several methods.
That they could easily pass.
It often resulted.
Finally  Su Ho held Su-eun s shoulders and passed to Su-eun s right.
Su Ho was about to walk away.
When Su-eun called him.
She asked him to buy her a croquette.
Naturally surprised Su Ho.
He knew.
It would be hard.
Su-eun had many suitors.
But  Su Ho still bought two croquettes.
They immediately assumed.
When the other students noticed.
The two were dating.
Word spread fast and soon the captain sought Su Ho.
Who had his eyes set.
He threatened to beat.
Su Ho but Su Ho immediately said that he was nt seeing.
Su-eun passed by.
She quickly replied.
When the captain asked if she was seeing Su Ho.
They are indeed going out.
The captain got really mad and threw Su Ho down the floor.
Su Ho s friends arrived to rescue him.
Immediately they escaped.
Su Ho and Su-eun stayed.
Where a lighthouse stood.
The two spoke but he was really really slow.
Wherein Su-eun hinted that she saved him.
Minded. 
He could nt comprehend.
What she was trying to say.
Su-eun asked him to get her a beeper.
She lost hers.
Su Ho did nt understand.
She got irritated and called him a dummy.
Later  they watched.
The sun set together.
Su Ho then walked Su-eun home.
She wrote her beeper number.
She was afraid that her parents and especially her strict and scary father would find out.
She could still receive and leave messages.
Her beeper was lost.
That night  Su-eun and Su Ho confessed their feelings.
The next day  Su Ho was called out.
His grandfather supposedly collapsed.
He quickly went and found him alive and looked normal.
Turns out  he just faked a stroke.
That he could share the story to Su Ho.
Again   Su-eun arrived bringing Su Ho s bag.
Su Ho s grandfather shared his story.
Reluctant. 
Su Ho s grandfather joined the army and was assigned.
When he was young.
He was separated.
He left her a necklace to remember him.
Years passed.
Soon he became an undertaker.
Once  he was asked to prepare a funeral.
The dead man was Soon-Im s husband.
It turned out.
They could nt even say a word.
Soon he married another woman  Su Ho s grandmother.
Su Ho then realizes.
He wishes.
Her to be his destiny so that they would nt suffer the same fate.
Using a payphone  Su Ho left a message.
He said.
He wished she could be his destiny  completely unaware that she was until she replied  Me too.
Su Ho and Su-eun officially became a couple.
Su Ho s friends proposed an outing -- an overnight stay.
He finds out.
Su Ho and Su-eun arrived together.
His friends tricked him so that he and Su-eun would have some time alone.
He made up lies to cover up.
She was smart and knew.
It was only the two alone.
Su-eun seemed mad but then she herself bought two tickets to Fog Island.
Their love deepened even more.
One night  they had their first kiss.
Things were going so well.
One day  Su-eun fainted and her body started to weaken.
Su Ho rushed her and tried to live his life normally.
He visited her every day.
Was just simple anemia turned out to be leukemia.
What he thought.
Su Eun was going to die.
If the doctors try to operate.
Her one last wish was to go back.
Where their love bloomed.
Another woman also had a last wish --.
She died.
She wished to be reunited.
He even prepared her funeral and was reunited.
He had loved.
One day   he brought out two ferry tickets.
When Su Ho visited the hospital  Su-eun expressed her last wish and before she could say anything else.
A typhoon struck.
All trips were cancelled.
Su Ho desperately tried to convince the authorities to let them travel.
Su-eun felt even weaker.
He was arguing.
She knew.
It was already her time.
She said her last words and wished.
She collapsed and died.
He was apologizing about the storm.
Ten years later  Su Ho returned and found Su-eun s bag in the lost and found section.
Was her diary.
She updated every day.
There was one entry.
Was written to Fog Island.
It seems.
Su-Eun had planted seeds during their visit and promised herself that when those seeds became flowers  she ll come back with Su Ho to that island  year after year  after year.
The hill covered will be her gift to him.
Su Ho quickly went and was overjoyed to see it covered with purple flowers.
He felt Bae Su-eun s presence as memories of his first and true love filled his heart.
<EOS>
Ben  an aspiring filmmaker  is an unmarried man living.
He enjoys the single life but feels.
His life is missing something.
He meets Isabel  a woman unhappy.
Who is seeking intimacy.
The bond grows.
They have repeated liaisons uptown.
<EOS>
Administrators  an all-girl school  are begging the school s largest benefactor  Mrs Catsby  to provide an athletic fund for the school.
She does not approve  and informs the administrators.
The money will be used.
Meanwhile  the Stooges have just started a new job at a service station  with a strong held belief of super soyvice.
The mayhem ends.
Moe checks it.
The resulting explosion prompts the Stooges to flee.
They had coincidentally thrown the German men s suitcases.
Curly climbs.
Moe and Larry are.
The Stooges finally stop.
When they run out.
Moe and Larry realize.
Curly is still and is now frozen solid.
They thaw him out.
This works fine until Curly wakes up.
He pulls them.
When Moe and Larry try to help him out.
Now soaked  the boys decide to see.
There are any dry clothes.
The suitcases  it turns out  belong.
Mrs Catsby spots then and picks them up  bringing them.
The boys  now decked  try to hitch a ride.
A student gets wise with a nonplussed Larry.
Moe begins a rendition.
Order to test their mental coordination.
Starts off fine and eventually transcends.
Later   the three professors show up  blowing the Stooges  cover and vowing to return to Hamburg on the Clipper.
They offer to demonstrate.
The class follows.
Meanwhile  the professors mix an explosive.
The boys demonstrate.
Force Mrs Catsby to join in.
She agrees to provide an athletic fund.
The boys would get the professors back.
Curly throws an errant basket  going and exploding in front of the professors.
The boys are about to agree.
Who are blown back.
The boys vow to clean them up and give a little super soyvice.
<EOS>
Here is the All-American Canal.
It runs  Farming in Imperial Valley  -LSB- requires -RSB- a vast army of farm workers.
This army comes from our neighbor to the south  from Mexico  It is this problem of human suffering and injustice.
Which you should know.
The following composite case is based  The story concerns two agents  one Mexican and one American.
Who are tasked to stop the smuggling across the border to California.
The two agents go undercover  one.
Some include the death of an American by a mechanized harrow and a climactic shootout in a quicksand swamp.
<EOS>
The people s only source of income is trapping a local breed of wild birds.
The corrupt capitalist Mr Brause exploits the locals  forcing them to work.
Selling the birds.
A disease strikes the village.
Many inhabitants become ill.
A local physician  Dr Stefan Horn  discoveres.
The source is the birds.
He sends a telegram.
The scientists corroborate his suspicions.
Brause destroys their letter and tells the villagers.
They can continue.
Eventually  Stefan and his cousin  Arne  manage to expose the truth.
Brause flees the islands.
<EOS>
Kremmen has been awarded The Most Fabulous Man in the World Apart from God Award  and is presented with an enormous  fully automated spaceship shaped like a Brain.
Carla persuades Kremmen to have casual sex in their private quarters.
Dr Gitfinger examines the controls.
The United Nations  along with David Frost  hold a secret meeting concerning an unknown matter and decide to alert Kremmen.
Who is now watching a documentary-film with Carla.
They return and go to meet the homosexual Head of Universal Security  simply named Q.
Who informs Kremmen that planets are disappearing.
Along  Kremmen and the crew follow.
What appears to be a giant space-monster  where the ship is swallowed whole by the monster.
The ship is vomited out of the stomach.
The crew are saved.
<EOS>
Max Cady is released.
He promptly tracks down Sam Bowden  a Georgia lawyer and also testified.
Whom he holds personally responsible because Sam interrupted his attack.
Cady begins to stalk and subtly threaten Bowden s family.
He kills the Bowden family dog.
Sam can not prove this.
A friend attempts to intervene on his behalf.
He can not prove Cady guilty.
Bowden hires Charlie Sievers  a private detective.
Cady brutally attacks a young  promiscuous woman named Diane Taylor.
When she brings him home.
Neither the private eye nor Bowden can persuade her to testify.
Bowden hires three thugs to beat up Cady and persuade him to leave town.
The plan backfires.
When Cady gets the better.
Cady s lawyer vows to have Bowden disbarred.
Afraid  Bowden takes them to their houseboat in Cape Fear.
Bowden makes.
It seem as though he has gone.
He fully expects Cady to follow his wife and daughter.
He plans.
He and a local deputy hide nearby.
Cady realizes and kills him.
The deputy is there.
Eluding Bowden  Cady first attacks Mrs Bowden  causing Bowden to go to her rescue.
Meanwhile  Cady swims back to shore to attack the daughter.
Bowden realizes.
What has happened and also swims back.
It leads.
Bowden overpowers Cady.
Decides not to kill him  preferring to let him spend the rest.
Killing Cady would be the easy way out.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The three blind mice are musketeers.
Live. 
Captain Katt sets a number and goes to sleep.
Then the musketeers come out to search.
The cat eventually wakes up and begins chasing them.
They escape thanks.
<EOS>
Marjorie is a young woman.
Who works and lives with two female roommates  Pat and Terry.
One night   she is attacked by a masked assailant.
Getting. 
Marjorie manages to escape  but.
Before the mugger makes off.
She goes but is told.
There is very little they can do.
One week later   her nightmare comes true  having used her personal information to find out.
Marjorie s roommates are.
The assailant casually enters her house.
Where she lives.
A terrifying scene unfolds.
Joe subjects Marjorie.
The tables finally turn  however.
When Marjorie overpowers Joe.
Marjorie then ties Joe up and subjects him.
He used  even reducing him to tears as he pleads for his life when he learns that he s ingested some of the insect repellent Marjorie sprayed at him.
They try to convince Marjorie   to think.
When Terry and Pat return home.
Who is contemplating murdering him.
Joe did nt actually rape or attempt to kill her.
Joe points this.
When he compares his beaten and bloodied self.
He attempts to fabricate a story.
He knew Marjorie at a party some time ago  which her roommates almost believe.
Attacks him  finding the sheath knife.
He used in the first attack  proving her story to Patty and Terry.
Marjorie forces Joe to admit his guilt.
Point threatens to castrate him.
He does not tell the truth.
Defeated  a sobbing Joe confesses.
He watched the house and stole letters to gain insight.
He also confesses.
Marjorie allows Patty and Terry to call the police.
<EOS>
Fourth grade schoolchildren in a small Croatian village found an old-style Slavic Zadruga and organize a field trip to Zagreb.
Their teacher gets ill and must stay in a hospital.
The train gets blocked.
The children travel back.
The railroad workers manage to clear the way.
<EOS>
The film starts 15 miles outside Prairie  Idaho.
Gary Fallander and Russ Snow have made a completely new species of locust.
Is genetically engineered to eat insects that destroy crops.
Russ releases the locusts into a crop field filled with insects for one minute  luring them back into the main holding pen using a strong pheromone lure.
One midway through the process and Gary sends one of the Silogen workers into the tunnel system.
The worker finds.
He is killed.
The locusts then escape through the open vent.
Meanwhile   Colt Anderson is producing a new kind of organic pesticide.
He introduces.
Colt leaves the farm to check his pesticide.
Bill starts his husker blade to harvest the corn.
The blade suddenly jams  Bill gets out to investigate and discovers the remains.
Has been almost completely eaten.
He radios Agatha and tells her.
Agatha hears something and discovers the remains of her son  Mike.
Grief-stricken  she starts to panic.
Bill heads and discovers.
It is covered.
Agatha runs and is also attacked and killed by the locusts.
Colt arrives and finds the dead body of a locust.
He runs.
Where his girlfriend  Vicky  works.
Vicky and Colt then hear reports.
Vicky and Colt examine the remains and find a locust in it.
A family having a picnic is attacked by the locusts.
Their son is the only survivor.
A police officer takes him.
Colt examines a dead locust.
Was that the police officer used to bring in the child and discovers that it is a juvenile.
Vicky tries to tell him.
The locusts were all drones.
The examination proves.
The locusts are breeding.
Colt  Vicky  Greg and a group find the locusts  nest and the men spray pesticides to kill the larvae and locusts.
This irritates the locusts.
They attack the group.
Colt  Vicky and Greg are the only survivors.
This leads Colt to wonder.
They were not attacked.
Back  Greg decides.
The only option they have is to spray the locusts.
Vicky tells Greg to issue the order.
If they spray it  plants will not grow back.
Meanwhile  the swarm attacks an amusement park off the major highway.
Hundreds are eaten alive by the locusts.
Back  Colt examines the locust larva to try to figure out  he then tries on some live adult locusts and discovers.
They did nt attack Vicky.
Chemical pesticides attract them.
Greg then gathers a large amount.
The locusts arrive.
He orders a helicopter.
To drop the pesticide which had been changed.
What he has discovered.
The pesticide and the pilots are attacked  destroying the helicopter.
Colt then decides to use the organic pesticide.
He developed.
Colt flies a plane and drops the pesticide.
The swarm dies instantly.
But  two larger swarms appear  Vicky s father  Russ  decides to lure the locusts into the crop dome using the pheromone lure.
They can celebrate.
The pheromone works.
The locusts fly.
Russ then sacrifices his life.
It to.
The crop dome explodes  killing all.
There it is one more truck in the rear compartment headed towards another crop dome.
The boxes read  Live Specimens.
<EOS>
Eighteen-year-old Do Wan-deuk lives they used for many years.
Wan-deuk never knew his mother.
Who walked out 17 years ago  and has become a young brawler.
His unconventional high school teacher  Lee Dong-ju   lives and is always on Wan-deuk s back.
Who treats all his students.
Both are perpetually insulted.
Who lives under the pen-name Moonbow.
Gak-seol asks Dong-ju to keep an eye.
When Gak-seol and Min-ju start going.
The two become closer.
Dong-ju tells.
His mother  Lee Suk-gi  is actually a Filipina  now working.
Thanks finally meet for the first time.
Meanwhile  Jeong Yun-ha  the brightest pupil  has taken a liking to Dong-ju after splitting with her boyfriend.
Yun-ha helps him.
When Wan-deuk takes up kickboxing to funnel his aggression.
But  the latter is arrested for helping illegal immigrant workers.
When Wan-deuk has come to rely.
<EOS>
About a Girl opens.
It cuts abruptly   he d probably be a singer.
Jesus were alive today -- right.
She is walking  talking non-stop  mixing wry statements about stardom and singers with random quotes from her parents and descriptions of her life  her relationship with her dad  her frustrations with her mum  her desire to become a famous singer  the band.
She has formed.
Things any 13-year-old might talk about.
Her monologue is interrupted and intercut with her family and her dad  her in a perfume department  sitting on a bench singing Stronger again  and on the back of a bus with her girlfriends singing Oops.
The girl s stories become more and more underlain  her descriptions of her pop idols and her favourite ice cream are mixed with hints about family troubles  poverty and domestic violence.
She goes.
The gravity does not match her flippant retelling of her everyday life.
The ` underside  is revealed in a shocking scene.
When  stating that she has become good  she throws the plastic bag she has been carrying into the canal.
A camera shot reveals a baby surrounded by blood.
<EOS>
AJ Raffles  a handsome jewel thief masquerades in with well-to-do people.
He dons a mask and waits to steal belongings  usually some jewelry and to take advantage of unsuspecting women whether at an estate or aboard a passenger ship.
Raffles knows secret passageways to aid his escape.
Is really a secret doorway.
He even eludes capture.
Women passengers fire pistols.
The film is set.
It was filmed.
There are scenes filmed.
<EOS>
Albert Spaggiari is arrested by the police and brought to a judge s office for interrogation.
He manages to escape.
He then exiles.
Where he meets new faces.
<EOS>
He enlists the boys to investigate.
Slip discovers a spiritualist.
They discover.
She is a fake and working.
They go.
The rest investigate the house.
She is busy trying to connect.
A real ghost  Edgar  befriends Sach and helps him investigate as well.
He does help them and helps them uncover Margo s scam.
The others can not see Edgar.
<EOS>
Jesse Lujack is a cocky  nihilistic drifter  obsessed with Marvel Silver Surfer comic books  the rock and roll music of Jerry Lee Lewis and Monica Poiccard  a UCLA architecture undergraduate.
Whom he knows only.
He steals a Porsche  intending to drive.
The film opens late.
He discovers an automatic handgun.
He speeds down the highway and looks.
Seeing his reckless driving  a policeman gives.
Chase and Jesse is forced off the road and becomes stuck.
Lujack impulsively grabs the gun and shoots the officer.
When the policeman orders him to step away.
Fleeing  Lujack finds.
His picture splashed all as the cop killer.
Under the alias of Jack Burns  he breaks into Monica s apartment and waits.
Her to return home.
She discovers him naked.
She initially declines his advances but later has sex.
He then moves in.
She is captivated and resumes her affair with him.
However  she is a star student.
Jesse is jealous.
He is recognized after dropping Monica off at an architecture-school outing downtown.
Jesse s photograph appears.
The police find her and question her.
She seems increasingly ambivalent  she does not turn him in.
She impulsively accepts his offer to flee together.
When the police start comes back to pick her up.
Monica finds.
Her picture is alongside Jesse s.
Realizing the impossibility  she phones the police  but then returns to tell him and plead with him.
She did so.
The police corner them.
He sings Jerry Lee Lewis  Breathless before grabbing a gun from the ground at his feet.
She runs.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Dinner is a study of people at the birth of the Great Depression.
It can technically be called a romantic comedy.
The film is set.
When  the magnitude  and  the wrenching political and social changes that it would inflict upon every aspect of the lives of people and institutions  was not fully grasped or comprehended.
The movie addresses topics  relationships  and relationships between the wealthy and those.
Include wealthy people dealing.
Who work.
One week  Millicent Jordan receives word that Lord and Lady Ferncliffe.
Whom she and her husband Oliver  a New York shipping magnate  had met.
Overjoyed.
The Jordans are persons.
Yet Millicent is oblivious from Europe.
Millicent fusses.
Who resides.
Meanwhile Oliver faces distressing news.
Has been struck hard.
He is concerned.
Someone is secretly trying to buy the company stock.
Carlotta  a former lover  visits him at his office and confesses.
She is nearly broke and very eager to sell her stock.
Not wishing to financially harm him  she asks Oliver to buy her stock.
He is not financially able to do so.
Oliver is visited.
Conversing. 
Oliver confides his financial struggles and asks him to take over some of his stocks.
Business improves.
Dan agrees only to consider Oliver s proposition.
He has been secretly been buying up the stock   he knows.
Actually. 
It is a valuable asset.
Dan then goes home to brag.
He intends to take  and ease into retirement  the clearly past-his-prime  Oliver Jordan.
Unknown  Oliver has already asked Millicent to invite the Packards to her dinner party  and to drop the names of Lord and Lady Ferncliffe as being one of the guest couples invited   in the hope.
Who the social climbing Kitty is dying to meet.
It will end Dan s hesitation to buy the stock.
The ill-mannered but socially ambitious Kitty eagerly accepts the invitation.
Dan refuses to go  believing.
He is soon to be appointed.
But  Dan changes his mind  the richest couple in England.
Oliver knew.
Another  Dr Wayne Talbot  has been carrying on a clandestine affair with Kitty while making a pretense of tending to her feigned illnesses.
Millicent  still short an extra man  telephones Larry Renault  a washed-up silent movie star  and extends a last-minute invitation  utterly unaware.
Paula is having a covert love affair.
Larry  a three-time divorce and hardened alcoholic  accepts the invitation  but advises the much younger Paula to forget him and return to Ernest.
She is seen leaving his hotel room.
Paula stubbornly refuses to take Larry s admonitions seriously.
Who is staying.
Larry is visited.
Who tells him that the stage play he was planning to star in has lost its original producer.
Max breaks the news.
The play s new producer  Jo Stengel  wants another actor but is willing to consider Larry for a bit part.
Larry agrees to think over the offer  then desperately sends a bellboy a few of his possessions for another bottle of alcohol.
Crushed. 
The next day  Dr Talbot is discovered with Kitty and confesses help to overcome his weakness.
He is addicted to women and needs.
Talbot then rushes to see Oliver.
Who has come with severe chest pains.
Oliver deduces the seriousness.
Talbot tries to hide his prognosis.
The weakened Oliver tries to explain to Millicent his need.
When he returns home.
She is too hysterical to hear.
The Ferncliffes have cancelled and are on their way to Florida.
Too  is turned away and faces the prospect of confronting Ernest alone.
Anxious to tell Millicent.
Meanwhile  Kitty reveals to Dan in a fit of anger.
She is having an affair.
Kitty tells her husband.
When threatened  however.
If he wants his Cabinet appointment about his crooked dealings  he must back down from his takeover of Oliver s line and treat her with more respect.
Larry is visited and drunkenly berates Stengel for insulting him with his paltry offer.
Before he leaves.
The hotel management asks him to leave  Larry quietly turns and commits suicide.
Carlotta confides Larry s demise in private to Paula.
Who is just about to break her engagement.
She counsels the young woman and remain with her fiance.
Millicent learns from Talbot about Oliver s illness.
Finally awakened  Millicent announces to Oliver.
She is ready to make sacrifices and become a more attentive wife.
Then   Dan   tells Oliver.
The beleaguered guests are about to go.
He has put a stop  and that if necessary  the Jordan Line s stock will be strengthend by Dan s backing.
<EOS>
Ex-Cop  Homer  is a kindly father.
Widowed. 
He is considered to be something.
Where he lives.
Homer kills.
The boy and then hurriedly tries to cover up his error.
Unbeknownst.
The neighbors find out.
The two separately wrestle.
Chaos soon ensues.
<EOS>
An American actress inherits a castle.
Is. 
What she does not know.
Her ancestor  the Baroness Catali  was from her tomb to ravage the nearby village and Catholic seminary.
<EOS>
The story begins in the opulent surroundings of the Imperial Court.
The Russo-Japanese War is.
Tsar Nicholas is warned.
The war is futile and costing too many lives.
They also tell him.
The Russian people want a representative government  health care  voting and workers  rights.
Nicholas wants to maintain the traditional autocracy left by his forefathers.
Meanwhile  underground political parties led have formed.
Alexei is soon diagnosed.
The Tsarina Alexandra is frantic.
A shy former German princess  she is isolated  but is befriended.
Who is not highly thought.
Who describes himself.
He has become a curiosity at court.
Later Alexandra calls to help her pray for Alexei  and comes to believe in his healing  life-saving abilities.
The people are encouraged by their priest  Father George Gapon.
He leads them  joined  in a clearly peaceful procession to the Winter Palace  intending to present a petition to the Tsar.
Hundreds stand ready in front of the palace  their commanding officer tells them to shoot up in the air  but he falls from his horse  there is a panic.
The soldiers proceed to fire randomly.
Nicholas has not been and is horrified.
When he hears  but admits he would nt have granted the people s requests.
Eight years later   the family holidays at the Livadia Palace in the Crimea.
Alexei is a very lively little boy.
Who is constantly prevented.
A close bond  however  exists.
Prime Minister Pyotr Stolypin   has commissioned the Imperial Duma and granted some.
Who succeeded Witte.
Order to preserve the Russian Empire.
Prime Minister Stolypin also presents Nicholas.
Is serving to give the Tsar a bad reputation.
The Tsar dismisses Rasputin from the court.
Alexandra demands his return.
She knows  and is racked.
Alexei s haemophilia was inherited.
She is obsessed.
Only Rasputin can stop the bleeding attacks when they occur.
The Tercentenary celebration occurs  but takes a turn for the worse performance in Kiev.
When Prime Minister Stolypin is shot.
Nicholas retaliates.
Alexei has a minor fall.
Leads. 
It is presumed.
He will die.
The Tsaritsa writes a letter.
Who soon responds.
Sure enough  the Tsarevich recovers.
Rasputin is allowed to return.
World War I begins a few weeks  part of.
Germany declares war.
After Nicholas has ordered the mobilisation on the German border.
Nicholas decides to command the troops himself and leaves for the front  taking over from his much more experienced cousin  Grand Duke Nicholas.
This leaves Alexandra at home.
She makes unwise decisions.
Very  so it looks  or perhaps having an affair.
Few people have been told or how Rasputin appears to be helping him.
The Tsarina is losing her mind.
Nicholas is visited by his mother the Dowager Empress Maria Foeodorovna.
Who scolds him and implores him to eliminate Rasputin.
Invite Rasputin to an opium party and kill him in December .
Deprived  Alexandra becomes unable to cope.
Workers go everywhere.
The army is ill supplied.
Starving and freezing  they revolt and St.
Petersburg is overrun.
Nicholas makes a long return  but is forced to abdicate in his train at Mogilev  not only for himself but for Alexei.
Who is furious when he hears this  and becomes withdrawn  believing that the family will soon perish.
The family -LRB- are forced to leave the Alexander Palace at Tsarskoye Selo by Kerensky and are brought to Siberia in.
Where they live.
Russia falls into the hands of the Bolshevik Party  the one revolutionary group.
Nobody took seriously.
The Russian Civil War starts very soon afterwards.
The family is transferred.
Some of the guards are physically harsh with young Alexei.
Nagorny leaps and attacks them.
Nagorny is taken away and shot  leaving Alexei even more embittered and withdrawn.
He was before.
The family is shown laughing.
They read previously withheld letters.
Only Alexei remains aloof  sensing.
What is about to happen.
The Bolsheviks are frantically deciding.
What to do as the White Army is.
The Bolsheviks awaken the Romanov family and Dr Botkin.
Told pack their things and wait.
They re being sent.
Their keeper Yurovsky and his assistants enter the room.
Alexei kisses his father.
They point their guns  causing Olga and Tatiana to scream  Maria to run into the doctor s arms and Alexandra to cross herself.
Then they open fire.
The first bullet goes.
The end scene shows the wall covered.
<EOS>
The Earth is suffering the aftereffects.
Destroyed 92 percent.
Lingering radiation has caused the birth rate to fall.
The population continues to decline.
A robotic labor force maintains a high standard.
The humanoids are an advanced type of robot created to directly serve and otherwise work closely with human beings.
These humanoids are built.
They appear human.
The humanoids periodically visit recharging stations.
They call temples where they also exchange all information acquired with a central computer they call the.
A quasi-racist human organization named The Order is opposed to the humanoids.
The members disparagingly refer as clickers.
The Order believes and are a threat.
The humanoids are planning to take over the world.
The Order does not stop.
Its members are alarmed to learn of the existence of a humanoid.
Which has been made externally indistinguishable and which has killed a man.
They demand.
All existing humanoids be disassembled or downgraded.
Scientist Dr Raven has developed.
A technique called a thalamic transplant  which transfers the memories and personality into a robotic replica of that person.
The human-humanoid hybrids.
Result awake.
Their human personalities are shut.
M.
Back the humanoids at the robot temple.
When they report.
We draw off everything.
Dr Raven describes the operation.
Makes a man peculiar.
His learning  his memory  these  inter-reacting  constitute his personality  his philosophy  capability and attitude.
The human brain is merely the vault.
Which the man is stored.
The humanoids are secretly replacing humans.
Who recently died.
One  Captain Kenneth Cragis  meets Maxine.
They both fall.
She is opposed.
They discover.
They  too  are advanced humanoid replicas.
Ironically  the real Maxine had died.
The Order intended to harm only robots.
Dr Raven  a once-human replica himself  explains  after an alteration  they will be able to reproduce.
Not only are they practically immortal  they can also be the first humanoids upgraded to the highest possible level.
<EOS>
A disparate group - brought together by an eccentric millionaire - go on strike.
When Abdulah and his best friend discover their parents are having an affair.
<EOS>
Meribella  a magical kingdom  is going to have its five hundredth anniversary.
Princess Tori and her younger sisters Meredith and Trevi are very busy  having to attend ceremonies and balls  and always be poised and proper.
The princesses think.
It is hard work.
They sneak away and play together.
Whenever they have the chance.
The princesses have to greet royal visitors.
Who come.
Tori wishes.
She could have an exciting  music-filled life.
She wishes.
She could watch Keira performing.
Keira  a world famous singer-songwriter  is and is going to perform at the festival for the Meribella s five hundredth anniversary.
Keira enjoys touring  greeting fans and having extravagant  spectacular concerts.
However  it leaves her.
What she was passionate about.
Keira thinks.
Being a princess would be awesome.
The next day  members are invited to the palace in Meribella to meet the royal family.
Duchess Amelia  Tori s aunt  forbids Tori to watch Keira s concert.
When she was supposed to be greeting guests.
She meets Tori.
When Keira arrives.
They instantly become friends  and their pet dogs Vanessa and Riff  too.
Tori gives Keira a tour and so they began joking about trading places.
Keira tells Tori.
She longs to be a princess and wear a tiara.
Tori gives Keira her tiara to try it on.
Keira takes out her magic microphone and magically turns her outfit.
Tori then shows her magical brush.
Tori uses her magic hairbrush  so she uses it to transform her hair.
They then realize.
They look just.
Tori convinces Keira to stay disguised.
Tori carries.
They enter a secret garden.
Where fairies tend the plants.
There is a diamond gardenia flower.
Were used to pay.
Tori tells Keira.
The Diamond Gardenia roots spread.
Meribella s plants would die.
The Diamond Gardenia made the kingdom magical.
Tori scoops up two diamonds.
The fairies put the diamonds  making the necklaces their friendship necklaces.
Outside  Keira s manager Crider valuables.
Who Keira calls Seamore is tired and comes to the palace to find.
Getting a tour.
Tori s aunt then notices.
Tori has bought a stranger.
Keira s manager  secretly hearing this  makes a plan to steal the diamond plant.
Tori and Keira head back.
Keira almost got.
Tori and Keira realize.
They want to continue to be each other and agree to remain.
Tori teaches Keira.
To be princess how to be a popstar.
Tori gives autographs and enjoys it  but later learns about a drought.
She should have been aware about.
Meanwhile  Keira learns to behave.
Prince Liam starts to fall with Keira for.
Who she is.
Keira also learns a new song.
Playing s younger sisters.
Later  Keira gets locked.
Tori didnt finish a writing a speech and tries to get out while Tori sings a song.
Later  Crider and Rupert  uproot the Diamond Gardenia.
The fairies try to stop them.
Their efforts are not enough.
Tori and Keira stop them  and discover.
It is always best to be yourself.
Crider flies with flying suit and attempts to fly away with the Gardenia  so Tori and Keira  using their magic microphone and brush  change his hairstyle and outfit.
Crider then drops the Gardenia.
It breaks.
Tori and Keira take the diamonds and plant a new Diamond Gardenia.
They go back.
They end the story.
They become best friends forever.
<EOS>
Willy  nicknamed El Casper  is a member and lives in Tapachula  Chiapas  Mexico.
He introduces a young boy.
The boy is given the nickname Smiley.
Casper later helps Smiley to complete this initiation.
Casper is romantically involved.
Fearing  he keeps the relationship a secret from his gang.
His double life causes his gang to doubt his loyalty.
The gang leader  Lil Mago  escorts her out.
When Martha follows Casper.
Mago attempts and accidentally kills her.
Later  he grins and tells a bitter Casper.
He will find another.
Shortly afterward  Mago brings Casper and Smiley  a location along the train tracks.
Where illegal immigrants stow away.
Is a Honduran family introduced earlier consisting of the teenage girl Sayra  her father  and her uncle.
Who are to relatives in New Jersey.
Lil Mago  Casper  and Smiley rob the passengers they have until Lil Mago spots Sayra and attempts to rape her.
Casper intervenes  killing Mago and then sending Smiley off.
Smiley goes back and reports about Mago s death.
The gang leader  El Sol  accuses Smiley.
Which Smiley timidly protests and begs to be sent to kill Casper to prove his loyalty.
El Sol agrees.
Smiley travels north to track down Casper.
The still shocked Casper is avoided by other passengers.
Sayra warns Casper and keeps  despite her father s warnings.
When some try to throw him.
Casper s knowledge proves useful.
He eludes his pursuers.
He is finally accepted but decides to leave the train.
The others are sleeping.
Unbeknownst  Sayra follows him off the train.
Meanwhile  her father and uncle decide to continue the journey.
Traveling north organized by a friend of Casper  Casper and Sayra barely escape a trap laid for them and enter an immigrant shelter.
Where Sayra sees a familiar face.
She is informed.
Her father has died.
Her uncle has been caught.
She rushes off to cry at the chapel.
Where Casper comforts her.
They reach a river.
Constitutes the border.
A coyote agrees to take them by one.
Casper pays the man and insists Sayra to go first.
The gang appears and begins to chase Casper.
She is halfway.
Casper flees the pursuing gang but runs.
Who shoots him once  then slowly two more times  the last of which.
This allowed time to catch up.
They then all proceed to empty their magazines and clips.
Sayra struggles to hold on.
The closing scenes show Sayra phoning her father s new family.
S.
Mall  her uncle setting off to cross the border  and Smiley getting his lip tattooed as a sign of his loyalty to the gang.
<EOS>
Katalin Varga s husband discovers.
Their son Orban is not his.
She sets out to find Antal  the man  and Orban s biological father.
Who raped her 11 years earlier.
She meets Gergely  a friend and accomplice.
Who does not recognize her.
She seduces and then kills him.
Orban befriends Antal  both unaware ties.
Antal is now a happily married man.
Katalin strikes up an intimate friendship.
She confronts them both about the events.
Occurred 11 years earlier.
Strickland was a nominee.
It won a Silver Berlin Bear outstanding artistic contribution for the sound design  Gyorgy Kovacs  Gabor ifj.
Erdelyi and Tamas Szekely.
<EOS>
Concert pianist Henry Orient is trying to have an affair and write their fantasies about him in a diary.
Two teenage private-school girls  Valerie Boyd and Marian Gilbert  stalk him.
Orient s paranoia leads him to believe.
The two girls  who seem to pop up everywhere he goes  are spies sent.
She suspects.
When Val s mother  Isabel Boyd  finds their diary.
Henry has acted inappropriately.
She contacts Orient and they end up having an affair.
Val finds out.
Does her dad.
<EOS>
Kum is a long time Hong-Kong prostitute.
When she gets locked with a would be thief she tells him some stories of her life as a prostitute and how she come to be where she is today.
<EOS>
Vishnu Vijayam was made and was directed by N.
Shankaran Nair by J.
Williams and was released.
The movie is.
Who is younger which she gets to know in the end.
<EOS>
Lisa Piper  an eleven-year-old girl  takes care of her siblings and cooks for her family.
She has no time  and refuses to be treated as a child.
Lisa is transported to Toyland.
She arrives.
Before Mary Contrary is to be wedded  although Mary loves Barnaby s nephew  Jack Nimble.
Lisa stops the wedding and   finds.
That Barnaby plans to take.
Lisa  Mary  Jack  and Georgie Porgie go.
He can only help them.
Lisa really believes.
Barnaby confronts them and the Toymaster  finally showing his true colors  and steals a flask containing distilled evil.
The Toymaster had been collecting.
Barnaby uses to spy.
They escape  but are captured and imprisoned one by one in Barnaby s hidden fortress.
Barnaby reveals.
He had been creating an army to take over Toyland.
Then attempts to corrupt his captives  stating.
He would replace Troller and make Mary his Troll Princess.
Lisa  however  proves to be immune  and manages to reverse the effects on her friends.
They return to the Toymaster.
Lisa s newfound belief animates an army.
When Barnaby unleashes his army upon Toyland.
The Toymaster had created.
They drive Barnaby.
Barnaby  having lost control and having failed at making Lisa his new Troller  is then banished from Toyland.
Jack and Mary are then married.
Lisa is taken in a sleigh with wooden reindeer.
Who is revealed to be Santa Claus.
They travel.
She wakes up at home  as though it had all been a dream.
<EOS>
Carlotta s fiance Giovanni   sells her to white slavers.
She is saved.
<EOS>
Jim is a 12 year old outsider.
He has a mother.
He lives a hard life.
He is smallest in his class.
Compelled to buy beer and smoke and have party s.
Home is different  He s the father  and takes care of his mother.
Who has isolated herself with a video of the moon landing on VHS.
She s not going out.
One day Terje starts.
He gets excluded.
He considers Jim.
<EOS>
An older man and his dog are.
When they discover a serving tray.
He notices the words Come and See painted.
He lifts the lid.
Detective Aidan Breslin is a widower.
Who has become emotionally distanced  following the death of his wife three years prior to the film s events.
Aidan receives a call regarding the contents of the tray.
Where it is revealed that it contained human teeth.
Breslin is able to match them to a man.
Who had been reported missing.
Aidan is once again called to investigate the bizarre murder.
Who was discovered hanging and strung up on a series of hooks connected to a rig.
She drowned in her own blood due to a precise stabbing.
They also discover.
The fetus was removed.
Aidan speculates.
There were four attackers and that they had used a camera to record the murder.
Breslin comforts one of the Spitz s three daughters  their adopted Asian daughter Kristen  reassuring her.
He will do his best to solve the crime.
The next murder shares the same M.
O.
The similar hook contraption leads Breslin to a local tattoo parlor.
There  he is informed.
The owner constructed four devices.
Yet another murder occurs  but this time no hook rig was involved.
The message only appears.
Sean stumbles.
Aidan reviews the evidence.
Sean s insights point Breslin   the Come and See message pertains to the lifting of the veil and the coming of the Apocalypse.
Where he discovers that these killings are patterned  with each room corresponding to a Horsemen.
He goes to meet.
When Kristen contacts Aidan unexpectedly.
Kristen produces the missing fetus  confessing to the murder.
Aidan discovers the darker side of Kristen s personality  one similar to the Horseman War.
Later  Breslin goes over.
Where he and his partner  Stingray  discover the video recording as well as some polaroids of Kristen posing sexually with Mr Spitz.
Mr Spitz unsuccessfully assaults Breslin.
Breslin confronts Mr Spitz.
Stingray and Breslin arrest Mr Spitz and his children are placed.
She claims to have been sexually abused.
When Breslin confronts Kristen.
Breslin has Mr Spitz arrested.
A microchip discovered leads Breslin to an apartment associated with the four horsemen.
The apartment is booby-trapped and is engulfed by magnesium ribbons in the computers.
Meanwhile  a gay young man  Cory  has a confrontation.
Cory puts.
What appears to be a sedative and hands it to him after he has heard his response to the issue.
Cory is accosted.
Taylor drunkenly stumbles out.
Cory stabs the man.
Who survives the attack and later provides the police.
The precision wound.
Leads Aidan to assume.
Cory whispered and Hell follows me.
It was done.
Elsewhere  Taylor awakens to find himself hooked with his eyes fixed open.
Cory appears wielding a bone saw  then proceeds to try to cut out his own heart  killing himself.
Breslin  convinced  asks Kristen.
There may be another victim.
She represented the Horseman War and that the unrigged victim was Pestilence.
She confirms this  but refuses to relinquish any information.
Breslin comes  and becomes concerned.
He was meant to be assigned to the case all along.
His family will be targeted next.
Breslin asks Stingray to go on ahead and check his house.
Stingray is attacked and knocked out.
Aiden arrives later and enters Alex s room.
Everything in the room is white or painted white  the color of the Horseman Famine  their leader.
A clue points him.
Where Aidan first met his wife.
He is knocked unconscious   he finds himself handcuffed.
When he arrives.
When he comes.
Alex starts bleeding.
He gives Breslin a speech.
Breslin rips his handcuffs and fires his gun to detach the rigging from the ceiling.
Alex succumbs.
Alex awakens.
His father holds him.
Sean wakes up from a bad dream as Breslin comforts him.
Breslin reassures him  his fate ultimately unknown.
When he asks where Alex is.
Alex will be okay.
<EOS>
Pyasi Atma is a Horror flick starring Prithvi and Mithun Chakraborty playing a Guest role.
<EOS>
Abel Turner is a 28 year veteran.
A single and widowed father  he is particularly strict.
The new neighbors begin moving.
His kids leave.
They are a young interracial couple  Chris and Lisa Mattson.
Who are recently married and buying their first home.
Chris s first exchanges have somewhat hostile undertones  with Abel making comments about Chris s smoking and listening to hip hop music.
The following night  Chris and Lisa have sex.
Unknown  Abel s children are watching.
Abel arrives home to see this spectacle and is upset  so he repositions.
The home security floodlights so they shine  keeping them awake.
Abel claims and says.
When Chris confronts him.
The lights are part to prevent crime.
It is a complex process to shut down the system and the lights.
Abel attends.
A housewarming party hosted.
He is garrulous but has an edge  and criticizes Chris and his friends  on things ranging from the environment to police brutality and also exposes Chris s smoking to Lisa.
Chris has been discarding his cigarrate butts.
Chris tells Abel  but does not plan to move.
He leaves.
He is starting to take offense.
One evening  they hear.
Noises downstairs  and find the tires slashed.
They suspect Abel and call the Los Angeles County Sheriff s Department to come.
The police are unable to do anything.
Chris and Lisa have dinner.
Who tells them.
They wish.
Acrimony may mean trouble for them.
Lisa s father however first ignores Chris  then he asks.
They are planning to have children  implying that he is somewhat.
Chris buys his own floodlights  and shines them.
Disapproved. 
Lisa later reveals.
She is pregnant  which causes conflict as Chris does not yet want to have children Chris later finds out that Lisa skipped birth control pills to force the issue.
She accuses him.
When he confronts her.
Abel is suspended on the job.
Brings even more fury out.
He hosts a loud bachelor party.
The kids are away.
Chris arrives to complain.
Abel continues to harass Chris and Chris leaves upset.
Chris plants trees.
Leads  as Abel refuses to have their trees hanging over his property without permission.
Later Chris goes.
Abel enters and tells Chris.
He finishes his drink.
He lost his own wife  when a car hit her.
Abel makes a last cryptic comment  wondering  implying.
What she was doing out  at that time with her white boss  when she was supposed to be working.
She was being unfaithful.
Wildfires rage surrounding the community.
The neighbors attend a barbecue.
Abel s informant Clarence Darlington is sent to trash their home.
Lisa goes home early  surprising him.
They struggle.
Which leads  but not before she triggers the alarm.
Chris races home  followed by a frustrated Abel.
Chris rushes.
Abel comes and shoots him dead in the pool.
The Mattsons go.
Where Lisa is found to be okay.
The wildfires are not contained.
The residents are instructed to pack a few things and leave their homes.
Abel remains.
He does not want to leave his home.
He enters the Mattsons  home  hoping to retrieve Clarence s cell phone  implicating him.
He is afraid his call could be traced.
Lisa and Chris unexpectedly return to his home.
He can find it.
Chris thanks Abel.
Chris discovers the cell phone and picks it up.
When Chris and Lisa are packing to leave.
He dials.
The last number logged and hears Abel answer.
Chris realizes.
Abel is responsible.
Abel comes over.
The perpetrator was a police enemy.
He and Chris struggle and Chris tells Lisa to take the car and the perp s phone and get the police.
Abel shoots Lisa s car.
She crashes.
Chris tackles Abel and gets his gun.
Chris runs to help Lisa out of the car.
This leads  with Chris holding Abel s gun and Abel now holding a second gun from his leg holster.
Officers arrive.
Abel hides his gun and tries to convince them Chris is unbalanced due to the break-in and attack on Lisa earlier that day.
Chris refuses to drop his weapon.
Abel puts his down.
Abel raises his arms and insists.
He is unarmed.
Chris finally throws.
Abel off  and how he was unable to recognize that she had become unfaithful to him.
Infuriated  Abel shoots Chris and is promptly gunned down and killed.
Chris is taken to the chest  but is told.
He will live.
He and Lisa later talk.
<EOS>
David and his sister Jennifer lead different high-school social lives.
Jennifer is shallow and extroverted  David introverted.
Spending most.
One evening  David wants to watch a marathon about the idyllic Parker family.
Their mother is away  they fight over the TV  Jennifer wants a concert.
The remote control breaks and the TV can not be turned on manually.
A mysterious TV repairman shows up  quizzes David  then gives him a strange remote control.
The repairman leaves.
David and Jennifer resume fighting.
However  they are somehow transported.
David tries to reason but succeeds only in chasing him away.
David and Jennifer must now pretend they are Bud and Mary Sue Parker  the son and daughter.
David and Jennifer witness the wholesome nature  such as a group of firemen rescuing a cat from a tree.
David tells Jennifer.
They must stay and not disrupt the lives of the town s citizens  who do not notice any difference between Bud and Mary Sue and David and Jennifer.
To keep the show s plot  Jennifer dates a boy but has sex with him  a concept unknown to him and everyone else in town.
Slowly  Pleasantville begins changing to color  including flowers and the faces of people.
Who have experienced bursts.
David becomes friends  and introduces him to colorful modern art via a book from the library  sparking in him an interest in painting.
Johnson and Betty Parker fall  causing her to leave home  throwing George Parker  Bud and Mary Sue s father  into confusion.
The only people are the town fathers  led.
Who remain unchanged.
Who sees the changes eating.
They resolve to do something.
A ban on colored people is initiated in public venues.
Eventually a riot is touched off on the window of Mr Johnson s soda fountain.
The soda fountain is destroyed  books are burned.
People are harassed.
Who are colored.
The town fathers announce rules preventing people from visiting the library  playing loud music  or using paint other than black  white  or gray.
David and Mr Johnson paint a colorful mural on a brick wall  depicting their world  but are arrested.
Brought defend their actions  arousing enough anger and indignation in Big Bob.
The mayor becomes colored as well.
Having seen Pleasantville chang irrevocably  Jennifer stays to finish her education.
David uses the remote control to return.
<EOS>
The story involves the discovery on the 13th moon of Jupiter and the sending of a crew of five British  chain-smoking male astronauts  armed with handguns  to investigate.
They rescue Hestia  a beautiful girl.
Who is being attacked.
They subsequently discover New Atlantis  a dying civilization  a colony.
There are only seventeen people left  all women save.
Prasus hopes.
The spacemen will stay and help him destroy the monster  the man.
Duessa  the leader  determines to hold them captive to use as mates.
The monster lurks  but breaks into the city and kills Prasus along with several of the women  including Duessa.
It is killed.
The remaining women decide to let them return.
Hestia returns.
The astronauts promise to send spaceships back to rescue the rest.
The film featured a creature  a male hominid from Jupiter s 13th moon.
Described as a man with the head of a beast  the creature is slender  with dark  pitted skin and is impervious to bullets.
The anonymous actor playing it wears dark  tight-fitting clothing.
<EOS>
The enthusiastic admiration of Countess Eugenie de Montijo for de Lesseps attracts the attention of Louis-Napoleon Bonaparte.
Bonaparte sees.
Both she and de Lesseps are invited.
A fortuneteller predicts.
Eugenie will have a troubled life  but also wear a crown  and that de Lesseps will dig a ditch.
Entranced  Bonaparte arranges for his romantic rival to be assigned to a diplomatic post in Egypt  joining his father  Count Mathieu de Lesseps  the.
De Lesseps impulsively asks Eugenie to marry him immediately.
She turns him down.
De Lesseps befriends two people  Toni Pellerin  a tomboy being raised by her grandfather  French Sergeant Pellerin  and Prince Said  the indolent heir of his father  Mohammed Ali  the Viceroy of Egypt.
Who will have a great influence.
Toni makes it clear.
She has fallen with him.
De Lesseps still pines.
Count de Lesseps leaves  leaving his son to take his place.
One day   de Lesseps sees the water draining into the sea and comes up with the idea for the Suez Canal.
He departs to raise the necessary funding  Toni goes along as well.
He presents his proposal  but is rejected.
He is also disheartened to learn.
Eugenie is now very close.
France is.
Eugenie persuades Ferdinand de Lesseps to pass along Bonaparte s proposal asking the Assembly to disband  giving Bonaparte s promise to reconvene it.
The civil unrest has been defused.
The members of the Assembly agree  only to be betrayed and arrested.
Bonaparte assumes the throne.
As Count de Lesseps had feared.
The news causes the count to suffer a fatal stroke.
Ferdinand de Lesseps is outraged.
Toni persuades him to do nothing.
Bonaparte  withdraws his objections to the canal  and construction commences under de Lesseps  direction.
The building progresses despite Turkish sabotage.
However  Napoleon unexpectedly withdraws his support out  he needs to appease Great Britain.
The British Prime Minister is firmly opposed.
Prince Said bankrupts himself to keep the venture going.
It is not enough.
De Lesseps goes to plead his case.
The Prime Minister is unmoved.
The leader is enthusiastic about the project.
Disraeli tells him to return and pray.
Disraeli wins the upcoming general election.
He does.
Funding is assured.
An enormous sandstorm threatens everything.
The canal nears completion.
Toni rescues him  but is herself swept away and killed.
When de Lesseps is knocked unconscious.
De Lesseps finishes the canal and is honored after her marriage to Napoleon III.
<EOS>
Known  there exists an elite corp of international bodyguards based in China.
Allan Hui Ching-yeung is one known for his highly unorthodox methods  such as pointing a gun at a client s head.
His decisions are usually right.
His methods are anti-trust building.
Allan is hired to deal.
When a wealthy man s girlfriend  Michelle Yeung becomes the only surviving witness.
He has to deal with her anger at being sequestered.
Meantime the mob boss becomes desperate before his upcoming court date.
He hires.
A deadly Chinese assassin Wang Wen Junand calls to postpone the court date.
All the berserk.
Michelle goes.
She is not allowed any freedom being equally fed up at not being able to join the Chinese Premier s bodyguard detail in Southern China.
Michelle eventually storms out.
This turns ugly.
The mall is crawling.
They manage to get out to the car.
However  an assassin posing comes to shoot her with a pistol in his jacket pocket.
Fortunately  Charlie stops him and is shot twice.
Allan fires several shots from the car killing the perpetrator.
The plot gets ugly.
The police officer turns out to be the younger brother.
He abducts the body.
Burying the body and tossing paper money  he swears vengeance against the bodyguard.
Meanwhile back  Michelle finally begins to understand.
Her bodyguards care.
She finds.
She is falling and tries to seduce him.
Allan also has some feelings  but held his feelings.
She tries to seduce him.
Finally  things come.
When the a group storm the house.
Fighting holds the advantage of being familiar with the house s layout.
He takes out most.
They severely wound the two policemen.
Jun and the bodyguard engage in a long hand to hand fight  trashing most of the house.
The boyfriend enters the house.
As Jun recovers his gun.
Michelle breaks cover to hold up a stumbling Allan.
Who had been bayoneted.
Jun points the gun.
Who should die first.
The boyfriend makes an offer to double.
Whatever he was being paid for her life which the assassin refuses.
He says.
His brother was shot seven times.
He intends to put seven bullets but then adds  Perhaps you could pay someone to take the bullet for her.
Allan steps forward.
Jun fires a shot.
The shot hits Allan.
One down  six more go.
Jun says and fires again.
Impossibly Michelle tries to shield Allan to have him struggle up pushing her away.
The bullet hits him.
He uses the last.
He spins.
The scene ends.
The court concluded  we see Michelle and her boyfriend driving.
The boyfriend  James  was given a note stating.
He needs to be there.
They try to get Allan to stay in Hong Kong with them.
However they are barred.
Two items were left for them in Hong Kong.
The first was the trunk.
He wills.
Is a note.
The money is and that the chief should nt gamble anymore.
Lastly there was a small box.
The box had his watch.
Were usually swapped.
Michelle remembers and cries ` Allan  away from the border checkpoint back into China.
<EOS>
Enza  16  a drop out  is arrested for shoplifting.
They re sent.
The girls tease Enza.
She s a virgin.
So   she goes with Sebastiano  a young street vendor.
The first Sunday she s allowed a pass.
Who chats her up.
Enza thinks it s love.
He says no.
When the authorities ask him if he wants her to live.
Enza meets Franchino.
He seems nicer and passes her test  he sleeps but keeps his hands off.
This must be love  she thinks.
Then   she sees another side of Franchino.
Now pregnant  Enza has major  long-term decisions.
To make.
<EOS>
Bugs is cooking carrots.
Yosemite Sam is hunting and smells carrots cooking knowing.
A rabbit must be near.
The fourth wall moment  a patron in the movie theater comes across.
Then Sam threatens to shoot him  so the person goes back.
He also passes a warning.
Bugs thinks and bites his nose.
Sam nears the hole.
Sam s nose is a carrot  flavours it and yanks Sam.
Sam demands Bugs to come out.
Bugs refuses.
Bugs puts bubble gum.
The gun backfires and surrounds Sam him down a cliff.
Bugs burst Sam s bubble gum.
Sam is blowing his way back up.
Sam digs around the hole with Bugs in it and puts him in a sieve filtering Bugs out.
Sam takes Bugs and takes him to his cabin.
Bugs is hanging.
Sam is putting wood.
Bugs is obliged to go into the oven.
Bugs comes out several times and brings like a fan and a pitcher of water  chairs  party favors  emptying ashtrays in Sam s hat.
Sam gets mad.
Bugs pops out and tells Sam.
Sam goes inside.
Bugs comes out and starts putting more wood.
Bugs has regrets.
He sees.
When Bugs takes a look inside.
The party is real.
Bugs goes back and comes out in the end with party favors.
Wearing a hat.
Says and joins.
<EOS>
The film continues.
MLA turned.
Home Minister  Fatakeshto  calls although has few co-ministers are against him.
Lash podbe soshane bashes the goons right  left and middle.
A TV channel run by The Telegraph.
However  the Chief Minister is.
Mithun vows to take Finance Ministry and recover the loss in seven days time.
The Chief Minister also bestows duty.
Mithun recovers almost Rs.
3700 Cores loss but is left out with 300 Cores balance.
The arch villain calls all his group and plans to finish Fatakeshto.
Further he also calls.
Mithun stops.
The villain then mixes dangerous germs.
Kills. 
This forces Mithun to bow down.
Mithun gets the arch villain arrested for the crime soon.
The left out 300 Croes is being collected through public donations dropped in big mud hundies.
The villain comes out and loots the booty and takes it to an unknown destination to make Mithun responsible for the theft.
One.
Who was.
Where the booty is hidden.
CM requests Mithun to go back to recover people s money.
Finally Mithun jumps and fights around 200 to 300 karate masters.
He finally kills the villain and captures the booty.
The lost money is returned.
<EOS>
The spectators watching him include  Ms.
Persimmon  Miss Lark and Mrs Corry.
He suddenly senses.
His good friend is about to return.
He speaks directly to the audience  introducing viewers first to Admiral Boom   by firing his cannon at 8  AM and 6  PM each day  and then to the well-to-do but troubled Banks family  headed by the cold and aloof George Banks and the loving but highly distracted suffragette Winifred Banks.
Who keeps his exterior rooftop Ship Shape.
The Bankses  latest nanny  Katie Nanna  is quitting  exasperated children  Jane and Michael  have run off for the fourth time this week.
Ellen  the maid  pleads to leave.
Mrs Brill  the cook  wishes her good riddance.
Mrs Banks returns home  and engages all four women.
Katie Nanna stalks out.
Mr Banks returns home.
Mrs Banks reveals.
The children are missing.
A policeman  arrives.
Who ask their father to help repair their damaged kite.
He dismisses them and advertises.
Jane and Michael draft their own advertisement asking.
Mr Banks tears up the paper and throws it.
Unnoticed  the remains float up the dark chimney.
The next day  a queue await at the door.
However  a strong gust and Mary Poppins floats down  held aloft by her magical umbrella  to apply.
Mr Banks is stunned to see.
This calmly defiant new nanny has responded despite the fact he destroyed it.
She also tells George and will also lay down ground rules.
Mary Poppins recites the ad.
She is firm.
Mary Poppins employs herself and begins work  saying.
He puzzles.
She will stay week  before deciding if she will take a permanent position.
The children face surprises  Mary possesses a bottomless carpetbag  and makes.
Contents come to life and tidy themselves.
The trio then meet Bert.
Who is a close friend  in the park at work as a screever  where Mary uses one of his chalk pavement drawings as a gateway to an outing in an animated countryside.
The children ride a.
Mary and Bert enjoy a stroll.
Mary and Bert join the children.
Which the horses break loose and take their riders through the countryside.
Bert maneuvers to save an Irish-accented fox.
They pass.
Finally the quartet finds themselves.
Mary wins.
It is here.
Mary first employs the nonsense word Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.
The outing is interrupted.
Washes away the chalk drawing and returns the travellers  drenched.
That evening  the children ask Mary.
Long she ll stay.
She replies  I shall stay until the wind changes.
The next day  they all visit Bert s jovial Uncle Albert.
Who floats whenever he laughs  and join him  though Mary finds it childish and ridiculous.
They all get down  only  It is time to go home.
When one had to think.
Mr Banks grows increasingly irate.
Mary effortlessly inverts his attempted dismissal into a plan to take his children with him to the Dawes Tomes Mousley Grubbs Fidelity Fiduciary Bank.
Where he is employed.
Mr Dawes Jr and Mr Dawes Sr -- Mr Banks  employers -- aggressively try to persuade Michael to invest his tuppence in the bank to the point of actually snatching it out of his hand without waiting for his permission.
The other customers misunderstand and start a run.
When Michael protests.
Forces the bank to suspend business.
The Bank Guard chases the children causing the children to flee and wander.
Fortunately  they run.
He takes them safely home  explaining.
Their father does not hate them  but that he has problems  and that unlike the children  has no one to turn to but himself.
A departing Mrs Banks employs Bert to clean the family s chimney and mind the children.
Mary Poppins arrives back off and warns of the dangers of this activity  but is too late.
The children are both sucked to the roof.
Bert and Mary follow them and lead a tour.
Concludes. 
A volley.
Who mistakes them to set off the fireworks which sends the entire gathering.
Turns out to be the Banks  chimney.
Mr Banks arrives home  causing the chimney sweepers to depart.
Where they disappear within less than half a minute.
Their departure conclude the festivities.
Banks angrily inquires Mary Poppins.
What was the meaning.
Banks then receives a phone call.
Bert points out.
Mr Banks gathers his strength.
While Mr Banks does need to make a living  his offspring s childhood will come and go.
He needs to be there.
He can.
The Banks children approach their father to apologize.
Michael gives Mr Banks his tuppence.
It will make things all right.
Banks gently accepts the offering.
A somber and thoughtful Mr Banks walks alone  for the first time noticing several of the buildings around him  including the cathedral and steps.
Which the bird woman was sitting earlier.
He is formally humiliated and sacked for causing the first run on the bank since.
However.
When ordered to give a statement.
He gives Dawes the tuppence  tells the old man one and Uncle Albert s jokes  and raucously departs.
Dawes mulls  finally gets it and floats up into the air  laughing.
The next morning  the wind has changed direction  and so Mary must depart.
Meanwhile  the Banks adults can not find Mr Banks  and fear.
He might have become suicidal.
However  Mr Banks  now loving and joyful  reappears and cheerfully summons his children.
The greatly relieved Mrs Banks supplies a tail  using one of her suffragette ribbons.
They all leave the house.
Mary Poppins watches.
Mr Banks meets Mr Dawes Jr.
Now. 
Who says that his father literally died.
The son is delighted.
His father died happy and re-employs Mr Banks to fill the opening.
Her work done  Mary Poppins takes from Bert  telling her not to stay away too long.
<EOS>
The film opens.
A middle-aged man sharpens his razor and tests the razor on his thumb.
He then opens the door  and idly fingers the razor  from his balcony.
There is a cut.
She calmly stares straight ahead.
Another cut occurs the woman s eye with the razor.
The vitreous humour spills out.
The subsequent title card reads eight years later.
A slim young man bicycles down a calm urban street wearing.
What appears to be a nun s habit and a striped box.
A cut occurs from the first scene.
Who has been reading.
She hears the young man approaching and casts aside the book.
She was reading.
She goes and sees the young man lying on the curb  his bicycle on the ground.
She emerges and attempts to revive the young man.
Later  the young woman assembles pieces on a bed in the upstairs room  and concentrates upon the clothing.
The young man appears.
The young man and the young woman stare.
Has a hole.
A slow transition occurs focusing.
She lies at a sandy location.
There is a cut below the apartment  poking at a severed hand with a cane.
Surrounded. 
The crowd clears.
When the policeman places the hand and gives it to the young woman.
The androgynous young woman contemplates something.
She is then run over.
A few bystanders gather around her.
The young man and the young woman watch these events unfold.
The young man seems to take sadistic pleasure.
He leers and grasps her bosom.
He gestures with him.
The young woman resists him  but then allows him to touch her.
He imagines her nude.
The young woman pushes him away.
He drifts off.
She attempts to escape.
The young man corners her.
She reaches.
He suddenly picks up two ropes and drags two grand pianos containing dead and rotting donkeys  stone tablets containing the Ten Commandments  and two rather bewildered priests.
Who are attached.
The young woman escapes the room.
He is unable to move.
The young man chases.
She traps his hand.
Is infested.
She finds the young man.
The subsequent title card reads around three.
The young man is roused by the sound of a door-buzzer ringing.
The young woman goes to answer the door and does not return.
Another young man dressed arrives in the apartment  gesturing angrily at him.
The second young man forces the first one to throw away his nun s clothing and then makes.
Him stand.
The subsequent title card reads Sixteen years ago.
We see the second young man.
He admires the art supplies and books and forces the first young man to hold two of the books as he stares at the wall.
The first young man eventually shoots the second young man.
When the books abruptly turn.
The second young man  now  dies.
Swiping. 
A group come and carry his corpse away.
The young woman returns and sees a death head moth.
The first young man sneers.
She retreats and wipes his mouth.
The young woman very nervously applies some lipstick.
Subsequently the first young man makes.
The young woman s armpit hair attach itself.
The young woman looks  and leaves the apartment sticking her tongue out at him.
The street is replaced.
She exits her apartment.
Where the young woman meets a third man.
He shows her the time.
They walk.
Where they find the remnants.
They seem to walk away clutching each other happily and make romantic gestures.
However  the film abruptly cuts.
<EOS>
Park Chan-wook draws.
Took place to ironically criticize the greed of rampant capitalism.
In Seoul  a huge shopping centre  the Sampung department Store collapsed  killing about 500 people and injuring many others.
This tragedy was caused.
Half a million dollars were offered to the victims  relatives.
This triggered a merciless looting made.
Where the lifeless body lies  waiting to be identified.
Who introduce themselves.
However   a morgue employee claims the body of the girl.
The grotesque controversy.
Who is the real owner and the legitimate beneficiary of the money.
The ending leads to a tragic and ironic conclusion.
The whole story is set in the cold morgue.
Where the characters  absurd and pathetic dialogues take place.
Judgement reveals all Park s irony about a shabby  ignorant and greedy humanity.
Does not hesitate to come to vile compromises.
<EOS>
Adam Chance  works.
A.
R.
M.
He is assigned to protect Dr Jan Steffanic  a recent Soviet defector.
Who has developed a new weapon which fires spores that slowly eat the body away.
He is taken by H.
A.
R.
M.
And is placed to develop a spore antidote.
Here he reveals the communists  real plan.
Is to dust all with these deadly spores.
Falls for Steffanic s niece Ava Vestok.
Who is later revealed to be a communist spy.
Dr Steffanic is kidnapped and taken to a warehouse.
The flat is attacked.
Chance eventually rides in.
A gun fight ensues.
Which Steffanic is exposed  and dies.
<EOS>
Mitali  a successful model  meets Karan  the Mittal scion  the heir.
Mitali s simple  middle-class upbringing is to Karan s super-brat lifestyle.
But Karan was smitten.
Accustomed.
What he wants.
Delighted  Mitali s family approves the match and they both get married.
It was not long turned into her worst nightmare.
Her mother-in-law detested her and created misunderstandings.
Karan turned out to be a puppet.
Her father-in-law is a helpless  mute spectator.
Karan has a certain pattern and wanted to subdue Mitali s independent streak.
He was a violent monster at night within the privacy of their bedroom.
Who appeared to be a loving husband.
Unable to bear the humiliation and pain  Mitali decided to take charge.
She resisted his advances and is raped.
She decided to fight back.
Mitali walked out  hired a lawyer and filed a case against her husband.
Karan retaliated can buy to fight on his behalf.
<EOS>
Beth is a successful pop singer and a devout evangelical Christian.
She and her fiance Steve both wear purity rings  and belong.
Who travel to heathen areas to preach Christianity.
The Reverend Moriarty sends them off to travel.
However  they are shocked.
When they receive a very negative reception  Beth even being set.
The duo are approached by Sir Lachlan Morrison and his wife Delia  the laird of the small village of Tressock in the Scottish lowlands.
They invite Beth and Steve to come back to preach  but intend them for a more central part in Tressock s May Day celebration.
Meanwhile  detective Orlando is sent  posing as the local police officer.
Order to secretly investigate reports.
Orlando discovers.
The people worship the ancient Celt goddess Sulis.
Beth and Steve decide to begin their preaching.
They agree to becoming the local Queen of the May and the Laddie for the festival not realising the consequences of their decision and not knowing.
What awaits them.
<EOS>
Nineteen-year-old Tomek is living with his godmother -- staying in her son s room.
He s away.
Raised  the shy Tomek has few friends and works as a postal clerk.
Tomek has been spying.
Who lives.
Using a telescope  he watches her every night performing mundane tasks  working  and entertaining men.
To get closer  he slips fake postal notices in her mailbox for a nonexistent money order at his post office.
He also calls her anonymously to hear her voice.
Tomek s obsession is focused   he trains the telescope away and does not watch.
When he sees her becoming sexual.
Tomek learns  so he takes the delivery job to be closer.
There is a problem.
One night he sees her return home.
Later  Tomek asks his godmother .
Do people cry.
Tomek follows her and admits.
When Magda walks away upset.
He has been leaving the fake postal notices  that he saw her crying  and that he s been watching her.
That night  Magda arranges her bed.
That Tomek can see her.
She tells him.
When they re.
They re being watched across the way.
The boyfriend rushes down  calls out to Tomek  and then punches him in the face for his voyeurism.
Who comes downstairs.
The next day   Tomek admits.
Delivering milk.
He loves her and that he expects nothing.
Overwhelmed  Tomek rushes up to the roof of the building.
Then returns and asks her for a date.
She accepts.
An elated Tomek races with his milkcart.
Magda learns.
Tomek has been watching her and that he stole letters mailed to her by an old boyfriend.
She s upset.
Then she dismisses it saying.
What does it matter.
She tells him.
Love does nt exist -- only sex.
She shows him the way lovers do.
To caress her hands.
Later that night   he gives her a small gift.
She showers and changes.
She says and does nt deserve gifts.
She s not a good person.
Crouching  she guides his hands onto her thighs.
He has an orgasm.
Magda says  Love  that s all.
It is.
Magda feels guilty and tries to communicate -- gesturing for him to call her and holding up a sign  Come back.
Tomek rushes out.
Reads. 
Sorry.
But there is no response.
Back  Tomek cuts his wrists with a razor blade.
Later  Magda comes.
He left behind and learns that he tried to kill himself and was taken to a hospital.
Magda tells her  I think I hurt him.
Tomek s godmother shows her Tomek s room and his telescope and tells her  He s fallen with you.
Magda responds  Yes.
When asked if he s fallen.
Magda is unable to find Tomek -- she is clearly worried and concerned about his wellbeing.
One night  she receives a phone call.
Thinking  she acknowledges.
It is Tomek.
He was right.
She finally sees.
He s returned.
Magda goes.
His godmother shows her  his wrists still bandaged.
Where she sees Tomek sleeping.
The godmother prevents her -- even preventing her from touching his bandaged wrist.
The opening scene shows Magda s hand trying to touch Tomek s bandaged wrist as a flash-forward to this final scene.
Insdorf 1999  p.
.
Noticing the telescope  Magda looks toward her own apartment and imagines  watching her come home  spilling the milk  and weeping over another failed relationship.
What Tomek must have seen that night.
Then she closes her eyes and imagines Tomek  reaching out to comfort her.
She smiles.
<EOS>
A woman travels to Earth   so it can become a better planet.
Where she intends.
She has trouble adjusting  and soon reveals.
Her goal is that the rest can see Earth as a future friend and not as a potential threat to the galactic community.
<EOS>
Successful authoress Beatrice Lynn is commissioned.
Who heads an aboriginal tribe.
Travelling  she is abducted by an Afghan  Akbar Jhan and his group of aborginals.
Who provide pituri  a narcotic.
Previously not allowed has schemed to use Beatrice  a white woman to arouse Mala s interest.
Meanwhile the Australian Mounted Police has its hands of hostile aboriginals led by the savage Moopil as well as searching for the missing Beatrice.
Who have killed two prospectors.
Mara buys Beatrice and falls in love with her.
The two grow to fall.
<EOS>
Mystery writer Philip E.
Marlow is suffering writer s block and is hospitalised.
His psoriatic arthritis  a chronic skin and joint disease  is forming lesions and sores over his entire body  and partially cripples his hands and feet.
Dennis Potter suffered.
He wrote.
Marlow does.
Marlow s condition was intentionally understated.
Severe. 
Whose skin would sometimes crack and bleed.
The Singing Detective.
DVD.
Disc.
Prod.
BBC  dist.
BBC Video .
Marlow falls into a fantasy world involving his Chandleresque novel  The Singing Detective  an escapist adventure about a detective.
Who sings and takes the jobs the guys who do nt sing wo nt take.
The real Marlow also experiences flashbacks.
The rural location is presumably the Forest  Potter s birthplace and the location for filming.
This is never stated explicitly.
The suicide is one of several recurring images in the series  Marlow uses it in his murder mystery  and sometimes replaces her face with different women in his life  real and imaginary.
The noir mystery  however  is never actually solved  all is an intentionally vague plot.
Is ultimately revealed.
This perhaps reflects Marlow s view.
Fiction should be all clues and no solutions.
The three worlds often merge in Marlow s mind  resulting in a fourth layer.
Which character interactions that would otherwise be impossible occur.
This is evident.
Many are represented by characters in the novel.
The use stems from an event in his early childhood.
Where Marlow framed the young Binney has witnessed between his own mother and Binney s father Raymond.
The innocent Binney is brutally beaten.
Marlow is lauded.
These events haunt Marlow.
It is revealed that the real Binney eventually ends up.
The villainous Binney/Finney character is killed off.
Some members play multiple roles.
Marlow and his alter-ego  the singing detective  are both played.
Marlow is played by Lyndon Davies.
Mark Binney is played.
Davies and Speakman were contempories in Gloucestershire  close to Potter s birthplace of the Forest of Dean.
Patrick Malahide plays three central characters - the contemporary Finney  is having an affair  played by Janet Suzman  the imaginary Binney  a central character in the murder plot  and Raymond  a friend of Marlow s father.
Who Marlow thinks.
Who has an affair.
Steadman plays both Marlow s mother  and the mysterious Lili  one.
Marlow and Nicola appear to have repaired their relationship.
<EOS>
Lisa  a teenager living in an apartment complex  becomes fascinated by a new tenant  concert pianist Stefan Brand.
Stefan is making a name through energetic performances.
Lisa becomes obsessed  staying up late to listen to him play.
Sneaking and admiring him from a distance.
They only meet once.
Stefan takes little notice.
One day  Lisa s mother announces her marriage.
Who lives  and tells Lisa that they will all move there.
Lisa resists her mother s plans and runs away and goes back to the apartment.
Where she is let.
She knocks.
No one is answers.
She decides to wait outside to return.
Early the next morning  Stefan returns home.
A distraught Lisa travels to Linz.
Where she joins her mother and new stepfather.
She is transformed into a respectable woman and courted by a young military officer from a good family.
He eventually proposes.
She turns him down  saying and is even engaged to be married.
She is with someone else living in Vienna.
Confused and heartbroken  he accepts her situation.
Her mother and stepfather demand to know.
When they learn.
She did nt accept the proposal.
I told him the truth  replies Lisa.
Years later  Lisa is estranged in Vienna as a dress model.
Every night she waits.
One night he notices her.
He finds himself strangely drawn.
He does not recognize her.
They go.
Ends. 
Stefan leaves for a concert in Milan  promising to contact her soon.
He never does.
Lisa eventually gives birth  never trying to contact Stephan  wanting to be the one woman.
Who never asked you.
Ten years later  Lisa is now married.
Who knows.
One day while  Lisa sees Stefan  and rarely performs.
Who is no longer a top-billed musician.
Feeling uneasy  she leaves  only to meet Stefan while waiting for her carriage.
Stefan does not remember her  but once again is oddly drawn.
Lisa is still uncomfortable  not wanting to anger her husband.
She is met.
When her carriage arrives.
A few nights later and  Lisa travels to Stefan s apartment.
Where he is delighted to see her.
Stefan still does not recognize.
Who Lisa really is.
Distraught and realizing  Lisa leaves.
Stefan never felt any love at all.
She meets the servant and the two exchange a long glance.
Sometime later   Lisa is taken and is gravely ill.
Her son dies.
She writes a letter.
The letter is sent  along with a card announcing Lisa s death.
She dies.
Stefan thinks.
He failed to recognize her.
Did you remember her.
The servant nods and writes down her full name  Lisa Berndle.
Stefan leaves his building and sees the ghostly image of a teenage Lisa open the door for him  the same way all those years ago.
She once did when he first noticed her.
Outside  a carriage waits to take him.
Finally intending to take responsibility  Stefan decides to engage in the duel.
<EOS>
Lynn was married  but they split up on bad terms.
Lynn took custody.
Paul got their son Dylan.
Years later   Lynn is attending the wedding in tow.
That Dylan is getting married.
Elliott is a cynical substance abuser.
Ben prefers to look through a camera.
Confront the world head on.
Meanwhile  Alice deals through cutting  Dylan has only infrequent contact with Lynn  Lynn is fearful of Paul and his 2nd wife Patty  Lynn s mother  Doris  blames her daughter for her family s many troubles.
Her father is.
What s happening around him.
All this has left Lynn an emotional wreck.
She s not sure.
How she s going to get.
<EOS>
Willy Loman returns home exhausted.
Worried Linda suggests.
He ask his boss Howard Wagner to allow him to work so he will not have to travel.
Willy complains.
Their son  Biff  who is visiting  has yet to make good.
He flunked senior year math and never went to college.
Biff and his brother  Happy   reminisce together.
Who is also visiting.
They discuss their father s mental degeneration.
They have witnessed and talking to himself.
Biff and Happy tell Willy.
When Willy walks in  angry that the two boys have never amounted.
Biff plans to make a business proposition the next day.
The next day  Willy goes to ask Howard.
Biff goes to make a business proposition.
Neither are successful.
Willy gets angry and ends up getting fired.
When Howard tells him that he needs a rest and can no longer represent the company.
Biff waits hours to see a former employer.
Who does not remember him and turns him down.
Biff impulsively steals a fountain pen.
Willy then goes.
Where he runs.
Bernard tells him.
Biff originally wanted to do well.
Something happened.
When Biff went to visit Willy that changed his mind.
Happy  Biff  and Willy meet at a restaurant.
Willy refuses to hear bad news.
Happy tries to get Biff to lie.
Biff tries to tell him.
What happened as Willy gets angry and slips.
What happened Biff came to see him.
Willy had been with a young woman named Ms.
Francis.
When Biff arrived.
Biff s view of his father changed and set Biff adrift.
Biff leaves the restaurant.
Happy has picked up.
They leave a confused and upset Willy.
Their mother angrily confronts them.
When they later return home.
Willy remains talking outside.
Biff goes outside to try to reconcile.
The discussion quickly escalates.
Which point Biff forcefully tries to convey that he is not meant for anything great  that he is simply ordinary  insisting that they both are.
The feud culminates.
He tries to get him to let go that he still carries for Biff and wants instead for Willy to accept him for who he really is.
He tells his father.
He loves him.
Willy realizes.
Rather than listen.
His son has forgiven him and thinks that Biff will now pursue a career.
Willy kills himself.
That Biff can use the life insurance money to start his business.
However   Biff retains his belief.
He does not want to become a businessman.
Happy   chooses to follow in his father s footsteps.
<EOS>
Darryl Witherspoon is a college economics student.
Who does not have the advantages  who has got a hockey scholarship.
Darryl is so broke.
He donates four pints.
Darryl s big break has come.
When he enters a competition  where the winner gets a high-paying Wall Street job.
But  it seems.
When Scott enters the competition.
Darryl s break has gone down the drain.
He takes to test a drug.
Enhances the five senses.
Darryl uses it.
He impresses the competition s supervisor  Mr Tyson.
He even joins the hockey team.
But  he experiences side effects.
The experiment s supervisor  Dr Thomas Wheedon  tells Darryl.
Only four will work at a time until the drug leaves his body.
Tim thinks and gets worried.
Darryl struggles.
His friend is.
Darryl s luck then starts going down the drain.
He loses the hockey game because his sense is lost.
He also mistakenly confesses love.
Who he thinks is his girlfriend as his sense is lost.
Her father turns out to be Mr Tyson.
He also acts very clumsily.
He is invited to see.
Luckily  the client thinks and signs a contract.
Darryl is just funny.
Darryl asks his friend Tim to help him study.
The story progresses.
Scott studies for the test with the aid of his rich father s employees.
Scott is shown to answer a question correctly.
He does not know the reason  he ignores the question.
The next day  the drug leaves Darryl s system and now all his five senses.
Operate normally.
It comes down to Darryl and Scott  Scott is asked the same question  he answers it correctly  but  he does not know  Darryl steps in.
He was asked last night.
When asked the reason.
Gives the correct reason and scores the position.
But  he confesses.
He cheated.
A meeting is called to decide his fate.
Mr Tyson tells him   he will score the position.
He himself started out should too.
He serves one year duty.
The story skips.
A year and Darryl is shown to ask his mom to move.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Kwon   transfers.
Who starred.
He is sent by a group of gangsters in his class  led by.
Who is a stereotypical Korean bully.
The teachers are also depicted as authoritarian  using violence for the sake of discipline.
Did most Korean teachers.
Hyun-soo   decides.
He will no longer put up  and so starts to train himself in Jeet Kune Do  inspired by his greatest hero Bruce Lee.
His father  a master  frequently resorted to extreme violence to discipline his son.
Hyun-soo challenges Jong-hoon one day.
When he is no longer able to put up.
Jong-hoon and his friends are grievously injured.
Hyun-soo is expelled.
Hyun-soo meets his friend Hamburger again.
They talk.
He meets Eun-joo again.
They say their goodbyes.
The film ends outside of a movie theater showing Jackie Chan s 1978 movie Drunken Master .
They argue.
<EOS>
The Greasers are a gang of tough  low-income teens.
They include Ponyboy Curtis and his two older brothers  Soda and Darry  as well as Johnny Cade  Dally Winston  Two-Bit Matthews  and Steve Randle.
Their rivalry is.
Five jump Ponyboy and cut his neck with a switchblade  Johnny had been similarly attacked the month before.
Two Socs  Bob Sheldon and Randy Adderson  confront Johnny  Ponyboy  and.
Who are talking at the.
The girls defuse the situation.
Later that night  Ponyboy and Johnny are attacked by Bob  Randy  and two other Socs.
They begin dunking Ponyboy.
Johnny pulls out his switchblade and stabs Bob  killing him.
Ponyboy and Johnny leave town  and hide out in an abandoned church in Windrixville.
Ponyboy dyes his hair blonde in case anybody spots him.
He reads Gone and quotes the Robert Frost poem Nothing Gold Can Stay.
Dally arrives.
Cherry has offered to support the boys.
They go out  then return to find the church on fire with children trapped inside.
Johnny is hospitalized after he  Ponyboy.
Dally rescue the children.
The boys are praised.
Johnny is charged for killing Bob.
Ponyboy may be sent.
Bob s death has sparked calls for a rumble.
The Greasers win.
Dally then drives Ponyboy.
Johnny is unimpressed  and dies after telling Ponyboy to stay gold  referring to the Frost poem.
Unable to bear Johnny s death  Dally robs a grocery store and is killed by police.
Ponyboy is eventually cleared and allowed to stay with his brothers.
Turning the pages with the Wind  Ponyboy finds a letter from Johnny saying.
Saving the children was worth sacrificing his own life.
The story ends.
It began.
<EOS>
Max Renn is the president.
Displeased  Max is looking for something.
Will break through.
One morning  he is summoned.
Who operates CIVIC-TV s pirate satellite dish which can intercept broadcasts as Asia.
Harlan shows him Videodrome  a plotless television show apparently being broadcast out.
Depicts the brutal torture and eventual murder.
Believing this to be the future -- snuff TV -- Max orders Harlan to begin pirating the show.
Appearing  Max defends his station s programming choices to Nicki Brand  a sadomasochistic psychiatrist and radio host  and Professor Brian OBlivion  a pop-culture analyst and philosopher.
Who will only appear if his image is broadcast into the studio  onto a television  from a remote location.
OBlivion hijacks the interview and delivers a speech prophesying a future.
Which television supplants real life.
Max dates Nicki.
Who is sexually aroused when he shows her an episode and coaxes him into having sex with her while they watch it.
Max goes once again.
Where Harlan tells that him the signal delay which caused it to appear to be coming was a ploy by the broadcaster and that Videodrome is being broadcast out of Pittsburgh  Pennsylvania.
Max tells Nicki this.
She excitedly goes to try and audition for the show under the guise of a business trip.
A softcore feminist pornographer  and asks her to help him find out the truth about Videodrome.
When Nicki fails to return.
Max learns.
Not only is the footage.
It is the public face.
Masha further informs him.
OBlivion knows.
Max tracks down OBlivion s office  a mission  and encouraged to engage in marathon sessions of television viewing.
Where homeless people are provided food  shelter  and clothing.
He discovers.
The mission is run with the goal of helping to bring about her father s vision of a world in which television replaces every aspect of everyday life.
Later  Max views a videotape.
Which OBlivion informs him that the Videodrome is a socio-political battleground in which a war is being fought.
Shortly thereafter  Max begins experiencing disturbing hallucinations.
Which his torso transforms that functions as a VCR.
Bianca tells.
Him these are.
OBlivion helped to create it.
He attempted to stop his partners  they used his own invention to kill him.
When he found out it was to be used.
OBlivion recorded tens of thousands of videos.
Now form the basis.
Max is contacted.
Acts. 
The head has been secretly working with Harlan to get Max exposed to Videodrome and to have him broadcast it  as part of a crypto-government conspiracy to morally and ideologically purge North America  giving fatal brain tumours to lowlifes fixated on extreme sex and violence.
Convex then inserts a brainwashing video tape in Max s torso.
Max murders his colleagues at CIVIC-TV  and later attempts to murder Bianca OBlivion.
Videodrome considered these victims threats.
Bianca manages to stop Max.
To turn.
Led. 
Max kills Harlan  then tracks Convex to a trade show.
Where he shoots him.
Afterwards  Max takes refuge.
Where Nicki appears on a television.
She tells him  he has to ascend and leave the old flesh.
He has weakened Videodrome  but in order to completely defeat it.
The television then shows an image.
Causes the set to explode  splattering the deck.
Imitating  Max says Long Live the New Flesh  and then shoots himself.
What he has just seen.
<EOS>
Set  So Dear to My Heart tells the tale of Jeremiah Kincaid and his quest to raise his champion lamb  Danny.
Jeremiah s dream must overcome the obstinate objections of his loving  yet strict  grandmother Granny.
Jeremiah s confidant  Uncle Hiram  is the boy s steady ally.
<EOS>
Cheryl is a young  African American lesbian.
Who works with her friend Tamara.
They earn extra money.
Cheryl becomes interested from the 1930s and.
Feature black actresses.
She notices.
These actresses are often not credited.
She watches.
A film called Plantation Memories.
Cheryl decides to make a documentary and find out more about her life.
Tamara tries to set Cheryl up.
Cheryl is not interested.
Cheryl meets a white woman.
Who   flirts with Cheryl.
Cheryl starts interviewing members  asking them.
They have heard.
She interviews her mother.
Who does not remember the name  but recognises a photograph.
She tells Cheryl.
She used to hear the Watermelon Woman singing.
Tamara s mother tells Cheryl to get with Lee Edwards -- a man.
Who has done a lot into black films.
Cheryl and Tamara go to see Lee.
He tells them.
He explains.
Black women usually played domestic servants.
Cheryl meets her mother s friend Shirley.
Who turns out to be a lesbian.
Shirley tells her.
The Watermelon Woman s name was Fae Richards  that she was a lesbian too  and that she used to sing.
She says.
Fae was always  and that Martha was a mean and ugly woman.
Diana takes the tapes and tells Cheryl.
When Cheryl and Tamara get caught ordering video tapes.
She will have to come.
Cheryl goes  stays for dinner  and watches some of the tapes with her  telling her about her project.
They have sex.
Cheryl decides.
Although Diana is not her usual type  she likes being with her.
Cheryl meets cultural critic Camille Paglia.
Who tells her  saying that it represented a goddess figure.
Cheryl goes  and finds photographs of Fae Richards  including one given by Fae to a June Walker.
Cheryl manages to contact Martha Page s sister.
Who denies that Martha was a lesbian.
Tamara makes it clear.
Cheryl and Diana grow closer.
She dislikes Diana and disapproves.
She accuses Cheryl  and Diana of having a fetish for black people.
Cheryl telephones June Walker  learning.
She was Fae s partner.
They arrange to meet.
June is taken and leaves a letter for Cheryl instead.
She says.
She is angry  that Martha had nothing to do with what Fae s life.
She urges Cheryl to tell their history.
Having separated  and fallen out with Tamara  Cheryl finishes her project  never managing to make further contact with June.
<EOS>
Germany discover ancient ruins.
They bring the gargoyles to combat U.
S.
Forces. 
Instead the gargoyles kill the Nazis and then attack local villages.
The US launches another bomber force to destroy them.
An American bomber attack is devastated.
The crew is attacked by the gargoyles and crashes.
The crew parachute to safety crashes  but are again attacked by gargoyles.
Some are rescued by local villagers.
The remaining crew all meet up again.
The locals are sheltering in.
A local woman fills them.
A group built a statue of their horned king deity out of a mysterious ` bloodstone  and brought it to life to take vengeance on their persecutors.
It destroyed their enemies  but found.
It could bring other stone gargoyles itself.
It built.
A gargoyle army then turned on its creators and killed them all.
The gargoyles can be defeated.
They were once before.
The knight was buried.
Who defeated the gargoyles.
To overcome the gargoyles the flight crew must retrieve the spear.
The ` King Gargoyle  attacks  tearing a soldier.
The church and surrounds are then bombed German JU-88 bombers.
The gargoyles attacks.
The American aircrew  village woman and British soldiers leave to find the spear.
The German army arrives looking.
Kill a villager to force the others to talk.
Two are captured by the German army and left tied up in the open to distract the gargoyles.
The tomb is reached.
The spear recovered.
However  the Germans arrive just then and attack.
Most are killed.
Gus is shot and killed.
The Officer is then shot.
The gargoyles arrive  but hold back.
Two British  the woman and one airman discover.
Their friends remains  then continue to kill the ` King  gargoyle.
They enter the ruins and are again attacked.
They kill many and also retrieve many maps.
Other documents left.
One fly a German Heinkel 111 bomber up to confront the Gargoyles.
The remaining airman and the village woman are also attacked.
The King gargoyle is rammed aboard stab him with the Spear  returning him to stone.
All the other gargoyles also turn back  just in the nick of time to save the woman and airman below in the ruins.
<EOS>
Dr John Rollason  his wife  Helen  and assistant  Peter Fox  are guests on a botanical expedition to the Himalayas.
A second expedition  led  arrives at the monastery in search of the legendary Yeti or Abominable Snowman.
Rollason   decides to join Friend s expedition.
Friend seeks fame and fortune and wants to capture a live Yeti and present it.
Whereas Rollason is motivated to learn more about the creature.
The expedition climbs high and finds a set of giant footprints in the snow  evidence of the Yeti s existence.
McNee is injured and later dies in a fall.
The tensions rise.
Kusang flees back.
Where Helen and Fox decide to mount a rescue mission.
Meanwhile  Shelley succeeds.
Enrages the creature s fellows.
Friend finally decides to cut his losses and leave.
When Shelley is killed.
The Yeti close in  however.
Friend is killed.
Rollason takes refuge and watches in amazement.
A number arrive and take away the body of their fallen compatriot.
He realises.
The Yeti are an intelligent species biding their time to claim the Earth when humanity has destroyed itself.
The rescue party finds Rollason and brings him back.
Where  when questioned  he claims the expedition found nothing.
<EOS>
Matthew Davis stars  introduced as a thirtysomething professor at a mediocre college.
We learn about Carter s time.
A promising writer enrolled.
Julia is Sanford s graduate assistant as well as his lover.
Sanford and Julia ` adopt  the young  eager Carter and expose him.
Carter travels to Sanford s beach house.
Where he and Julia eventually become lovers.
Carter has become a shadow of his former promise  a lethargic teacher  an alcoholic  excessive smoker  lacking the ability to sustain relationships.
He has worked his way through a series of graduate assistant girlfriends.
We watch.
He apparently allows his relationship to wither away.
Carter is.
He receives notice that Sanford has died.
The film jumps back and forth.
Carter wrestles.
Carter returns to the beach house.
Where Sanford s will is being read.
There he again meets Julia  older but still appealing.
They discover.
Sanford has left the two his entire estate.
The film ends ambiguously.
Had been Sanford s  but which is now theirs.
<EOS>
Django is a drifter.
Who drags.
He rescues a young woman  Maria.
Whom Django is seeking revenge.
Django makes a deal with a Mexican bandit general  Hugo Rodriguez.
Who is.
The two steal a large quantity from a Mexican Army fort.
He and Maria steal the gold.
When Rodriguez drags his feet.
Unfortunately  the gold falls.
Maria is shot.
When Rodriguez catches up.
Django s hands are crushed.
Rodriguez and his men are massacred.
When the bandits return.
Jackson then goes looking in a cemetery after killing Nathaniel.
However  Django   kills Jackson and his five surviving men.
Who has bitten the.
<EOS>
American fashion model Anne Traymore  swimming off the isle  loses a bracelet.
The handsome Manuel del Rio Montoya returns.
She believes.
He owns a beautiful yacht called The Swan.
He merely works for the wealthy Rene LeClerc.
A couple  Balfour and Williams  claim.
They know where $ 3 million can be found  but need a boat.
They offer a share.
The latter deceives LeClerc.
The boat needs three weeks.
A raging storm causes the propeller to be clogged.
Balfour dives to clear it and is stung.
He is taken to recover.
Manuel professes his love.
Who rejects him  Balfour having caught her eye instead.
An angry Manuel tries to leave and gets with Williams.
Nearly sinks the vessel.
Williams decides to strand the others and keep it all.
The divers bring up the loot.
LeClerc has become aware of the deception and intercepts them.
He is talked out.
The Coast Guard  alas  arrives to confiscate it all.
<EOS>
DCI Bernie Reid s latest case is the mystery.
Reid s concentration on the case is further complicated after an encounter with Anna  an enigmatic figure.
He tracks her down.
Where Anna denies any knowledge.
There is a mutual attraction between them both.
Bernie s professional ethics come.
He grows more attached.
Charlotte Rampling & Gabriel Byrne Starring.
1 February.
<EOS>
Filmed.
Corbin plays a fictional Menard County sheriff  Clay  a high school senior.
Who uses country savvy and cowboy logic to straighten out his angry teenage grandson.
Who ca nt seem to stay out.
<EOS>
Sylvia Suffolk and British officer Tony Clyde get married.
Before Tony leaves.
Sylvia  newly pregnant  is given the news.
Tony is dead.
Sylvia gradually falls with Rene  but is reluctant to remarry.
She has no official news.
Sylvia is shocked to find.
Now finds herself torn to Tony and marriage to Rene.
<EOS>
We first meet the character as an old woman in the present.
The old Mary  a former journalist and socialite  arrives.
Joe  the caretaker  takes pity on her and invites her in.
She begins to recount the significance of the house to her.
Moving to room  she tells Joe of the 1950s high society soirees.
She was invited to.
She recalls.
Mr Graham s soirees were attended.
She tells Joe.
She has been haunted.
Greville White turns out to be a social climber.
Whose influence reached.
Mary recalls.
He was supremely charming  but utterly evil.
We see Greville and the young Mary.
He has prepared.
Greville tells Mary of dark secrets involving members of the British Establishment.
Who are enjoying Mr Graham s soiree.
The secrets involve child abuse  sexual perversion  anti-semitism  and racism.
He feigns friendship.
She rejects him.
The audience encounters subsequent meetings in the 1950s and 1960s at Mr Graham s soirees and other social events.
We begin to see the sinister destruction by Greville White and her slide into despair and alcoholism.
The end sees Greville White re-appear in Kensington Gardens in the present.
Mary is now an old woman.
The sinister Greville White has not aged.
They first met.
<EOS>
Captain Karl Ehrlich is the master  in port at Sydney  Australia on the eve of the Second World War.
Ehrlich is depicted.
Who lost his rank and position having fallen out with the current regime and refusing to support the Nazi Party.
He meets.
His ship prepares.
Germany has invaded Poland.
War is imminent.
Ehrlich receives a visit.
His ship prepares to slip away.
Who asks him to take a spy to prevent his capture.
It is.
After the Ergenstrasse slips out that Ehrlich discovers the spy is in fact Keller.
Old  slow  short  the Ergenstrasse is seen as easy prey by the Australian Navy  and by Napier in particular.
Who understandably holds a grudge.
But Napier is the only man.
Who does not underestimate Ehrlich as the wily Captain leads his enemies.
Ehrlich s first officer  the pro-Nazi Kirchner  murders three marooned seamen  but does not tell the captain.
There. 
Napier discovers the bodies while and believes.
His old friend is responsible.
He vows to bring the German criminal.
Ehrlich burns the ship s lifeboats  upsetting the crew  then stops for wood at the fictitious Pom Pom Galli Atoll in.
The island is mentioned again in the 1993 film La Classe americaine.
Discovers. 
There Ehrlich.
Kirchner murdered the fishermen and forces him to sign an account in the ship s log.
The ship arrives  as his ship.
The Rockhampton has pursued him.
Luck is  the British forces waiting.
The Ergenstrasse  re-provisioned and fuelled slips away.
Them have been called away.
Napier requests a transfer in the North Sea  believing.
Ehrlich must pass.
German radio broadcasts a message from Lord Haw Haw.
Discloses the position as it passes Norway  thus giving up the ship and crew to the Royal Navy  and the waiting Napier.
His swifter passage home places the corvette.
Napier tracks and sinks it in the North Sea  with Elsa and Ehrlich aboard.
The ship s log proves Ehrlich innocent.
<EOS>
Young Eddie Corbett tries his best to be a matchmaker.
Sexy Dollye Daly seems promising.
She ends up falling with and marrying Tom s friend and radio colleague  Norman Jones.
Tom becomes attracted.
They begin considering marriage  but Eddie takes an immediate dislike.
She does not know.
To deal.
Tom chooses his son over her.
The Corbetts are supported by their new housekeeper  Mrs Livingston  and by their divorced next-door neighbor  Elizabeth Marten.
It takes a crisis to realize.
What has been all the time.
<EOS>
Early  elven smiths forged nine Rings of Power for mortal men  seven for the Dwarf-Lords  and three for the.
The Dark Lord Sauron made the One Ring to rule them all after learning the secrets of -- a deviation from Tolkien s work.
To forge them.
Which Sauron taught ring lore and forged all the rings except the three Elvish rings.
The Ring fell from across the sea.
The Last Alliance fell.
The Ring lay.
Isildur was killed.
Sauron captured.
The nine Rings made and turned their owners into the Ringwraiths  terrible beings who roamed the world searching for the One Ring.
The Ring was found.
Whose friend  Smeagol  murdered him and stole it.
The Ring warped Smeagol known only as Gollum.
He wandered to a cave in the Misty Mountains.
Hundreds later  the hobbit Bilbo Baggins accidentally discovered his precious Ring and took it back with him to the Shire.
Years later   the wizard Gandalf tells him to leave the Ring for Frodo Baggins.
Bilbo agrees  and leaves the Shire.
Seventeen years pass.
Gandalf learns that the Shire is.
The Ring is.
Gandalf meets to explain the Ring s history and the danger.
It poses.
Frodo leaves his home  taking the Ring.
He is accompanied.
The hobbits eventually come to Bree.
Where they meet Aragorn  who is first introduced as Strider  a friend of Gandalf s  who leads them the rest of the way to Rivendell.
Frodo is stabbed by the chief of the Ringwraiths with a knife imbued with evil magic.
Part stays inside him.
He gets sicker.
The journey progresses.
The Ringwraiths catch up shortly.
They meet the elf Legolas.
The Ringwraiths are swept away by the enchanted river.
Frodo is healed by its lord  Elrond.
He meets Gandalf again  held captive Saruman.
Who plans to join but also wants the Ring for himself.
Bilbo  Gandalf  and the others argue.
What should be done.
Frodo volunteers to go.
Where the Ring can be destroyed.
Frodo sets off with eight companions  Gandalf  Aragorn  Boromir  son of the Steward of Gondor  Legolas  Gimli the dwarf  and Frodo s original three hobbit companions.
Their attempt to cross the Misty Mountains is foiled.
They are forced to take a path.
Moria was an ancient dwarf kingdom  but is now full.
Gandalf falls.
Battling a balrog.
The remaining eight members continue through the elf-haven Lothlorien.
Boromir tries to take the Ring.
Frodo decides to leave the others behind and continue his quest alone.
Faithful Sam insists.
Boromir is killed while trying to defend Merry and Pippin.
They are captured.
Who intend to take them to Isengard.
The hobbits escape and flee.
Where they meet Treebeard  a huge tree-like creature.
Aragorn  Gimli  and Legolas find Merry and Pippin  they find small footprints and follow them.
There  they find Gandalf.
Whom they believed had died.
The four ride.
Where Gandalf persuades King Theoden that his people are.
Aragorn  Gimli  and Legolas then travel.
Frodo and Sam  meanwhile  discover Gollum stalking them  and capture him.
Frodo pities him  and lets.
Him live for guidance to Mount Doom.
Gollum promises to lead them to Mordor.
Theoden s forces struggle to resist an onslaught of orcs sent by Saruman.
Gandalf arrives the next morning just in time  destroying the orc army.
<EOS>
Matty Demaret is the son.
He is used.
His relative and friend Chris shares this urge to be part bigger.
Matty finally convinces his father to give him a job.
Matty and Chris get their friend Johnny Marbles to fly up to retrieve a bag.
There have been mysterious shortages.
Marbles stops in a small Montana town to refuel his personal plane.
He has been instructed to guard the bag.
He takes the bag as he goes to pay for the fuel.
However  Marbles sees the sheriff & his deputy and is paranoid.
They may question him.
Marbles is also.
He dumps.
He drops the bag.
The other flight takes off.
He can retrieve his bag.
Unknown  the bag of money was taken by two local teenage pothead skateboarders.
Who work at the airport.
He calls Matty and tells him the news.
Matty   knows.
Upset. 
He must fix the situation quickly and quietly if he ever wants to work.
Matty  Chris  and their friend Taylor fly to help Marbles search for the missing money.
Matty and the other guys attract the attention.
Who find out and want to keep it for themselves.
The mob guys then try to negotiate to get the money back but are turned away.
Matty calls Teddy and Teddy arrives with two other mob henchmen.
Chris decides to leave and disappears.
Marbles hangs around with the two mob henchmen.
Who secretly hate him.
Taylor and Matty wait from the Sheriff.
The two mob men throw Marbles to the ground and ask about the whereabouts of the other three.
Marbles tells them.
One shoots him several times and puts his body in a trunk.
Later that night  a deal is arranged to meet Matty and Taylor in a warehouse.
The lawmen are planning to kill Matty and the others and keep the money  but Teddy and the two mob men show up.
When they arrive.
The entire thing turns.
Chris arrives and shoots the Sheriff s cousin.
Who came to help the Sheriff.
Matty and Taylor inquire.
Chris says.
He thought he was.
Teddy gives a signal all fire on Chris.
Who is killed.
The Sheriff and Deputy   shoot the two mob men.
Taylor then kills both.
Taylor is shot.
Teddy prepares to shoot Matty.
When about to defend his friend.
Teddy s gun is out.
Matty holds him.
Matty says.
It is Teddy that has been stealing and causing shortages.
Teddy tries to reload and shoot Matty claiming.
Matty does nt have the guts to shoot him.
Teddy turns around and attempts to shoot.
Matty but Matty quickly shoots Teddy  killing him.
Matty and Taylor get the money and return home.
Matty hands the bag to his father and quits the family business.
<EOS>
Bonny Kane and ` Skid  Johnson are vaudeville performers.
The two suffer marital difficulties.
When Skid gets an offer to appear while Bonny gets left behind on the road.
Things get worse.
The press has reported him to be spending a lot with his pretty.
<EOS>
Set  it tells the tale of a rich playboy  Dax.
Who uses and destroys everyone who crosses his path.
His vileness results.
Him being forced to kill his own grandfather.
But his obsession is to avenge his father s murder.
And yet  the father had been a true patriot unlike any of the other self-seeking Presidentes in an otherwise poor country always belonging to the revolution.
Xenos finally realizes.
Dax is himself shot and dies.
To be the man.
His father was.
<EOS>
The Mexican dream is a tragic comedy.
Who will stop to live the dream of becoming a movie star  and to give his family a better life.
The problem is.
Ajileo lives.
To make his dream come true.
He will have to play the biggest role.
Loaded  Ajileo comes up with his own master plan.
He dresses up and decides to cross the border illegally  convinced.
If he ever faces the law he will be treated as a lady.
Ajileo journeys.
An immigrant smuggler  El Coyote  the burning sun  the Border Patrol  and the harsh reality are just some of the obstacles.
He will have to tackle to pursue his goal.
Settled down.
Where everything and nothing is as he dreamed it would be.
Ajileo loses his innocence.
He discovers that his own odyssey has just begun.
<EOS>
Murdoch Troon is a dour Scot living and working somewhere in the south of London.
A shy young man  his main excitement comes.
He tracks  only to find.
He s forced off the road.
He is Commander Chingford  the domineering and acerbic owner.
Chingford reluctantly pays to Troon s cycle.
More significantly  Troon meets Claire  Chingford s beautiful blonde daughter.
He is smitten and determines to buy a car.
That he can take her out.
Enter Troon s friend and fellow lodger  Freddie Fox  a used car salesman and serial cad.
He sees a chance to ingratiate himself  and also sell Troon a car.
The car is a 1927 vintage.
Bentley Four and a half litre engined Red Label Speed Model  painted and named The Fast Lady.
Troon has his first driving lesson with a nervous instructor.
Proves to be a comedy.
Fox then offers to teach him.
The results are equally disastrous.
Unwilling to give up  and determined to prove his love  Troon bets her father.
He can drive the car.
An experienced racing driver  Chingford is convinced.
Bets him.
He can not.
Troon takes Chingford and   loses the bet.
Expected. 
But the tables are turned.
When Chingford loses Troon s counter-bet that he can drive back home.
He reluctantly allows Claire to go out.
The day comes.
Fox has set him up.
Troon draws the wrong examiner.
The car is commandeered to chase a Jaguar car driven by escaping bank robbers.
The test comes.
The high speed chase takes them  across a golf course.
Eventually the robbers are caught.
Chingford so admires his driving skill.
He allows the couple to get engaged.
The film features cameos and performances  including Dick Emery as a car salesman  Clive Dunn  Gerald Campion  Frankie Howerd  Bernard Cribbins  Bill Fraser  ` Monsewer  Eddie Gray and Fred Emney.
The ` Fast Lady   a 1927 Bentley.
5 litre Red Label Speed model still exists and was sold by a specialist dealer in.
<EOS>
The little white man s incessant tuba-playing results in the entire community threatening to evict him.
Taking the hint  the man and his loyal dog head to practice his tuba in supposed seclusion.
However  the tuba-playing disturbs the sleep.
Who  unseen makes attempts such as dropping a potted plant  bubble gum  cement  including soap and water into the tuba  crushing it with a rock and making it fall to him which makes him fall to a waterfall where his dog saves him.
The man  undaunted  persists and blames his dog for these attempts to silence the tuba.
<EOS>
Three friends  Unni  Dasan  and Bhaskaran  find their boss murdered.
Believing  they present the boss s dead body.
People will suspect them.
If he is alive.
<EOS>
Comedy.
Who overhears her boss saying he.
She then goes.
<EOS>
Transylvania  1979 -- Hard times have fallen.
To help pay the taxes  it has been converted into the Hotel Transylvania.
The manager is the beautiful and sensuous Nocturna  granddaughter of the original Count.
Who still resides deep in the sub-basement of the establishment.
Nocturna books the American disco group Moment to entertain in the hotel s cabaret  The Claret Room.
Order to increase business and the supply at the hotel.
Nocturna experiences strange sensations.
Listening rehearse their music.
She has never felt before.
She is attracted to a handsome musician in the group named Jimmy.
Soon they are having a passionate love affair.
The music prevents her.
Plays as they make love.
The music continues the strange transformation.
Who sees her reflected image while dancing.
Deeply  she disregards grandfather Dracula s advice  and runs away to America with him.
She leaves the disappointed Jimmy and seeks out the crypt.
When they arrive.
Who lives.
Nocturna goes.
Where she is transformed a gain join them in a fantastic erotic dance.
Meanwhile  back  Count Dracula has appeared with his henchman Theodore  and has placed Jugulia under a spell forcing her to disclose the whereabouts of Jimmy s apartment.
He orders his henchman to bring back Nocturna and to do.
He wishes.
Theodore   captures Nocturna and brings her back.
Who is hopelessly with her.
Theodore is about to take Jimmy s blood.
When Nocturna manages to rip  bear her fangs and pounce upon the cringing Theodore.
Theodore drags his broken body back and informs his master.
He has failed.
Jugulia leads them.
When he sees how happy his granddaughter is.
However the Count is infuriated.
When he sees Nocturna dancing.
He places him.
To save her lover s life  Nocturna agrees to leave and return to Transylvania.
Jugulia  a romantic  releases Jimmy from his trance.
He is determined to risk his life to save Nocturna and rushes out.
He rips.
Count Dracula can destroy him.
An electrically lit T with his improvised cross.
Count Dracula shrieks at the sight  transforms himself into a bat and flies off to the safety of Transylvania.
Jugulia   also transforms and flies after him.
Who has other plans.
Nocturna feels and decides to watch the sunrise.
She is human now.
They stand awaiting the first rays of sunlight.
They both realize it may mean her death.
The sun s rays illuminate Nocturna s anxious face.
She smiles a warm human smile.
They tenderly kiss.
<EOS>
The film centers.
The two end up driving around Los Angeles together.
Exploring the differences and similarities.
<EOS>
Eastern Plays is the story  an artist woodcarver  and Georgi  a high school student.
Who is struggling.
Who is dragged.
The central point is an ethnically-motivated attack by Georgi s neo-Nazi gang on a Turkish family from Istanbul.
Who are spending the night en route to Germany.
He is frightened and runs away.
Georgi initially participates.
Itso   ends up intervening and saving the family.
Who had seen the family while he dined with his now-ex-girlfriend Niki.
Itso sees hope of a positive change in his destiny.
Georgi s actions and his brother s help make him question his philosophy and reconsider his outlook.
<EOS>
The government dispatches a team of Marines to contain the possible threat.
Meanwhile  a group ambush their prison bus and take the guards hostage.
The criminals include Brando.
Arriving  they come across Special Ops Captain Bradley  the sole survivor of a horrible carnage.
Decimated the rest.
The group puts their differences and racial prejudices aside to combat the threat of the savage aliens hunting them in the mining tunnels below.
The peril sent to bomb the town to oblivion.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Frank Morris arrives  having been sent there after escaping from several other prisons.
He is sent.
Who curtly informs him that no one has ever escaped.
Eventually he meets his old friends  brothers John and Clarence Anglin.
He makes the acquaintance.
Morris befriends numerous other inmates.
Morris also makes an enemy.
Whom Morris beats after Wolf attempts to come onto him.
Still seething  Wolf attacks Morris in the yard and both men spend time in the hole.
He permanently removes Doc s painting privileges   a depressed Doc cuts his fingers off with a hatchet from the prison workshop and is led away.
When the warden discovers that Doc has painted a portrait  as well as other policemen on the island itself.
Later  the warden finds one and crushes it in front of the inmates  an angry Litmus leaps at the warden and suffers a fatal heart attack.
The warden coldly reminds Morris.
Some men are destined never to leave Alcatraz  alive.
Morris notices and can be chipped way.
The concrete is weak.
Evolves. 
Morris  Butts and the Anglins dig through the walls of their cells with spoons  make papier-mache dummies to act as decoys  and construct a raft out of raincoats.
Butts loses his nerve and does not go with the others.
Morris and the Anglin brothers make it out and are last seen paddling their raft into the night.
A massive manhunt ensues.
When their escape is discovered the following morning.
The warden is adamant.
The men drowned.
He finds a chrysanthemum and throws it into the bay after being told.
They do not grow there.
<EOS>
She stumbles.
When troubled divorcee  Mary Kee  sets up home.
She quickly falls with.
Struck  she gives it pride of place in her home.
Before long  Mary begins to receive strange phone calls.
She discovers.
The caller is a woman called Rose and the two strike.
However   Mary begins to question her new friend s motives.
When Rose claims to be calling.
Mary s sense escalates.
Rose s phone calls become ever more disturbing.
Feeling haunted  she cuts all contact with Rose.
Enraged  Rose threatens to exact her terrible revenge.
Not.
Mary finally realizes.
She will have to kill Rose to save herself.
How can she kill someone living and what will happen if she fails.
<EOS>
Dr Orloff runs an insurance agency.
Where he takes.
The Scotland Yard begins finding bodies in the Thames River.
One has a daughter named Diane.
Who gets a job by Dr Dearborn.
Suspicions begin to arise surrounding Dearborn and Orloff to the dead bodies.
This leads to hiring a brute named Jake to kill Diane.
Who has found out too much.
Diane finds one at her home.
When Orloff disappears.
Dearborn removes his disguise to show himself.
When confronted.
Orloff traps Diane and calls for Jake to finish the job.
Jake refuses.
He has found out that Orloff has murdered a blind friend.
Jake turns and throws him out of a window.
Allowing him to sink below.
<EOS>
It s Betty s birthday.
She s.
She had a man.
Betty s pals   throw her a party.
<EOS>
An American man travels  Mexico called San Cristobal de las Casas  to help his mother.
When he knows that his stepsister has been abducted.
Everything indicates.
It is a wave.
This woman had drowned her children a long time ago.
Her spirit has returned to take other children and thus forget her own suffering.
<EOS>
Sunder Srivastava is a young graduate.
Whose main ambition is to fulfill his father s dream of starting a school on his half-acre property in his village.
He has no funds to execute his plans.
Sunder s childhood friend Prem  a seasoned conman  convinces the gullible Sunder to mortgage.
Prem has fleed.
When Sunder comes.
To make matters worse  he has neither food nor shelter.
Sunder is forced to take shelter.
Sunder starts cursing his stars & venting his anger.
Somebody responds.
Sunder does nt know.
Who talked.
He asks the responder his identity.
The responder can not be seen  but is as surprised himself.
The responder asks Sunder.
Whether the latter can really hear him.
Sunder realizes.
He has been talking.
The ghost suddenly becomes visible himself.
Amar Kumar alias Marco.
Marco tells Sunder.
Only he can help Sunder & vice versa.
Marco tells his story.
Marco was an underworld gangster.
Who fell with one Savitri Kaul  daughter of one Mr Kaul.
Savitri declined to marry him.
He did not leave his ways.
To show  Marco had planned.
He was serious.
Had resolved to give up crime.
This did not bode good.
Who wanted to become as big himself.
Night  Marco was kidnapped & killed by Kunta.
Which he was buried there.
Marco tells Sunil.
Many crimes taking place are actually done by Kunta & his minions.
Marco tells Sunder that due  he can not attain redemption.
Marco was foretold.
Only his saviour would be able to see & hear him  so Sunder has to help him.
Sunder declines.
Marco surprises him.
Which Sunder had not told a thing.
Marco tells him.
He wants to see Savitri & Mr Kaul.
He also tells.
He can not touch or harm anybody until time comes.
Marco manages to get Sunder a post in a school run by Mr Kaul.
Marco is angered to know some time  Kunta spread the news.
Marco had fled the country.
Kunta s henchmen tried.
She committed suicide.
Marco is surprised to know.
He has a daughter.
What really ticks off Marco is that the school lacks appropriate funding & Kunta is trying to usurp its land.
Marco gets more than enough fuel to feed his vengeance.
Mala & Sunder start falling.
Marco helps this story & keeps Kunta s goons.
Later  Marco shows a secret room.
Where he had kept all his loot.
The room was not known  so Marco proposes.
An anonymous donation be made  which will be more than enough to save the school & help Sunder.
However   Kunta finds out that room.
Marco loses all his money.
Marco steals some money & bets to double the money.
Sunder is held responsible.
No proof is present.
Marco tells the truth.
Which latter has a fallout.
Sunder decides to fight  regardless.
A cricket match is to take place.
This is a life & death match.
Marco is sceptical.
He knows that Sunder s team does nt have a fighting chance.
Marco tries to amend things.
Sunder firmly tells.
He will win this thing fair & square.
However   Sunder relents & forces Marco to help them.
Sunder tilts the sides.
Sunder has had a brief meeting.
Kunta is suspicious.
Sunder knows his secret.
He abducts Sunder along with Mala & buries.
Them alive.
Marco succeeds.
Which he starts overpowering Kunta s goons.
Finally  Marco tries to kill Kunta.
Kunta is surprised  shocked & unable to understand.
What is happening.
The police arrive & are surprised to see a shocked Kunta hanging midair without any support.
Sunder confronts Kunta.
Who confesses the truth.
Marco leaves Kunta alive.
Sunder tells the whole story.
Sunder succeeds in his mission.
& gets married.
Marco comes  before ascending to heaven.
Marco advises.
He got a second chance  but whoever is alive must get their act  since they may not get one.
Marco warns the youths  they therefore must make the best.
He goes.
Although he came back to do the right thing  they will not have the same chance.
What chances they have.
<EOS>
The film follows the plot.
The film is set.
It opens.
One year later  a single new recruit shows up.
Croft.
Gresham was his house captain.
Moreover  Croft is the younger brother.
Gresham already relies to cope with combat stress and bring himself to continue flying.
Now the strain is an additional burden.
Croft has to learn.
To survive as well as he initially makes some minor mistakes in squadron etiquette.
The film also follows Croft s rapid rite from naive schoolboy to adult fighting soldier.
We also see Croft s initial hero worship crumble.
The stresses.
He has to cope.
The film reaches its tragic conclusion  but is suddenly killed.
When Croft finally scores his first air victory and seems to have made the leap.
<EOS>
The finale illustrates one of Brecht s first uses of the mock-romantic happy ending.
Would become a signature throughout the years of the Weimar Republic.
See A Brecht-Valentin Production  Mysteries of a Barbershop  W.
Stuart McDowell  Performing Arts Journal  Vol.
1  No.
3  pp.
.
One critic aptly called the short film dadaesque absurdity combine -LSB- d.
Carnivalesque meets Modernity  David Robb  Remapping World Cinema  Identity  Culture and Politics in Film.
P. 
.
Another reviewer called it.
Karl Valentin meets Dada and the Marx Brothers.
Press Portal  a Service.
<EOS>
Mitch MacAfee   spots an unidentified flying object.
Engaged. 
Jets are scrambled to pursue and identify the object.
One goes missing.
Officials are initially angry but are forced to take his story seriously.
Several other planes disappear.
A gigantic bird  purported to come  is responsible for all the incidents.
Mitch  along Sally Caldwell  Dr Karol Noymann and Gen.
Considine and Gen.
Van Buskirk  works feverishly to develop a way to defeat the seemingly invincible enemy.
The climactic showdown takes place.
It was defeated.
Was used to bring down its shield  allowing missiles to kill her as she crashed outside New York City.
The last scene shows the claw sinking.
<EOS>
The film follows a modern version.
Who must undertake seven tasks to halt an impending disaster that threatens to wipe out all humanity.
Adrian Sinbad is a millionaire owner and the descendant of a long-line of great mariners.
He and a small group fly to the Indian Ocean after learning.
His oil rig that has has been sunk taken over by Somalian pirates.
The helicopter becomes.
Trapped and Sinbad refuses to go back  ignoring the pleas of his pilot.
The helicopter crashes.
He is washed ashore  Sinbad later battles a giant crab and meets up.
Sinbad also encounters Loa  a female warrior living.
Loa tells Sinbad.
He must fulfill a long-forgotten pledge and become a warrior to save the world from Elmec Ishu  a supernatural force that is angered by the oil spill after Sinbad s rig is sunk.
The island suddenly experiences a violent earthquake.
The group then plunges  the island is actually the back of an enormous but harmless sea creature.
They are attacked  they take them back to their nest to be fed to their young.
Meanwhile  Simon  the CEO  takes over.
Sinbad is missing.
The group manage to fight off a Roc and flee their nest.
A crew member is devoured.
They flee.
Is home.
Whitaker checks out the inside  but is ultimately killed and possibly eaten by the Cyclops.
Sinbad blinds the Cyclops and later trips and impales him.
The men are seduced and hypnotized  and are to be eaten by them.
When night falls.
Loa and Gemma prepare to kill the Sirens.
When it is darker  so that they can avoid getting hypnotized.
But unfortunately  Gemma is hypnotized and devoured.
Loa kills all.
They are preparing to devour the men.
Sinbad finishes off their queen.
Later Sinbad and his companions enter a small village  called ` Utopia.
Where all those who are stranded join.
Loa realizes.
Her father is the leader.
Sinbad  Mehrak  and Atash are forced to fight each other.
Atash is shot.
Mehrak refuses to kill him.
Sinbad tries to convince the people  but one says  Loa kills the man.
He knows a way to escape.
He s lying.
A fight is started.
Who want to join Sinbad and those who want ` Utopia.
Mehrak is injured and fights gallantly but is killed seeing her father get injured.
While trying to distract them.
Sinbad and Loa escape.
Sinbad knows and lowers himself down  and retrieves the crystal and kills a demon residing.
He must retrieve otherworldly crystals  in order to escape the island.
Sinbad and Loa learn.
The crystal produces steam when after her father died.
They use an old hot-air balloon and use the crystal the balloon  and find a ship and call for help  Loa is missing.
The ship crew manages to find her.
Sinbad and Loa head back and uses his mini submarine to head into the sea to bring the oil rig to surface  Simon is killed after sabotaging Sinbad s mission.
Elmec Ishu unleashes his wrath by summoning deadly water spouts.
The submarine is confronted  but it does not attack them  the oil rig is successfully raised.
Elmec Ishu stops his rampage and appears  and commands the squid to bring the submarine.
<EOS>
Hatley High is.
Who move to her hometown.
Unknown is.
Tommy s mother was a chess superstar back home.
The entire town is obsessed.
The school s ` jocks  are the chess team.
Tommy uses his natural and apparently inherited talents for chess to help the school win the chess match against their rivals  the Russians.
<EOS>
Eddie Serrano is a widower.
A classic workaholic  Eddie has not been there.
Naomi does nt appreciate it and is always upset.
Her father embarrasses Naomi.
Initially  Eddie never expected.
The original Team Mom would go so early.
Subsequently Eddie substitutes her place.
Is Naomi s team.
His business sort-of way does nt qualify the standards for his job as the leader for her daughter s team.
Does nt please the camp s director Ms.
Hulka.
Eventually Eddie begins to learn.
To lighten up and go.
The Naked Brothers Band perform a concert with their song  followed by a fireworks display.
You Can Make It.
<EOS>
A centuries long war has devastated the planet s surface and led to a theocracy under the mandate of an organization known only as The Church  led by the Clergy.
The Church has constructed walled cities to protect mankind and developed a group  to turn the tide against the vampires.
The majority were killed.
The remainder were placed.
The Clergy disbands the Priests.
Some humans eke out a living  free from the totalitarian control of the Church.
Priest is approached.
Priest learns.
His brother and his wife - Priest s girlfriend before he entered the priesthood - were mortally wounded.
Priest s niece  Lucy  was kidnapped.
Hicks asks in rescuing Lucy.
Priest asks the Clergy to reinstate his authority.
Church leader Monsignor Orelas does not believe the vampire story and refuses.
Priest leaves.
The city and Orelas sends three Priests and a Priestess to bring him back.
Priest and Hicks arrive.
Where humans called Familiars  people infected  live alongside a number of the surviving vampires.
The pair discovers.
Most have taken shelter in Sola Mira  a vampire hive where Priest lost several of his comrades during a major battle in the war.
Priestess joins them  revealing an unrequited bond with Priest.
The trio destroys a Hive Guardian vampire  then discover and dug a tunnel out.
The vampires have bred a new army.
The other three Priests have arrived.
As night falls.
An armored train arrives  unleashing hundreds upon the population.
The vampires are led.
He kills them all.
When the three Priests reject Black Hat s offer to join him.
The next morning Priest  Priestess  and Hicks arrive and discover the town empty and the three dead Priests.
Priest realizes.
The vampires have been using the trains to travel and attack the free towns by night  with the walled city at the end of the trainline.
The Priests tells the others  so the vamp-attack would be a slaughter.
Factories  producing massive clouds  deprive the city of sunlight.
Priest and Hicks board the train to rescue Lucy.
Priestess rushes ahead to plant a bomb.
Battling vampires and Familiars  the two are finally overpowered.
As they find Lucy.
Black Hat reveals.
He was who were defeated in the final wartime attack on the vampire hive at Sola Mira and that after being captured the vampire Queen gave him her blood  turning him into the first Vampire-Human hybrid.
It is revealed to Lucy.
Priest is her father.
Priestess battles several Familiars  finally placing the explosives and ramming it into the train engine.
The explosion kills the vampires and seemingly engulfs Black Hat.
Hicks  Priest  Priestess  and Lucy are able to escape.
Priest returns  telling him of the burnt train containing the vampires  bodies.
He proves this.
Orelas refuses to believe him  declaring.
The war is over.
Priest meets Priestess.
She reveals and will meet them.
The other Priests have been notified.
Priest sets off.
<EOS>
Phoebe Ann Naylor is about to be wed.
The festivities are broken up  who form a U.
S.
Cavalry unit of Cottle s cousin  Captain Rodney Stimpson.
Don Andrea is charged.
When Cottle is killed.
He flees  promising to meet up.
S.
State. 
Phoebe Ann is sent to Texas to lie low until the scandal blows over.
Her wagon train is helped.
Hollis gets separated from the wagon train and meets up with Don Andrea.
Whom he calls Baldy.
The two form an antagonistic relationship  as well as a.
The men s attempts to keep a Comanche raiding party.
<EOS>
An unsatisfied widow makes her living selling medicine from village to village.
Searching to wed.
She meets a strong but unintelligent man and plays the drum.
Who works and wrestles.
The widow s unsatisfied spirit leads her astray.
Years later she secretly watches her daughter s wedding  and leaves  beating a drum.
<EOS>
A Navajo woman becomes a witch.
Her husband has abandoned her.
She teaches the same skills.
Who transforms in order to carry out vengeance against the invading white settlers.
Then   she returns from the dead to kill again.
<EOS>
Palin plays Francis Ashby  a senior Oxford professor in the Swiss Alps in.
There he meets the American Caroline Hartley and her 18-year old ward Elinor.
Ashby is drawn  but is rather surprised.
When they arrive and rent a house.
Women are not allowed  nor are Fellows allowed to marry.
Puts him.
Ashby s rival takes full advantage of this to try to discredit Ashby.
<EOS>
Laura Mills is a rebellious teenager.
Who spends her days getting drunk  listening to rock music and making out.
Her behavior gets worse.
When her brother David is kicked out.
Her parents decide.
When it turns out she was involved.
They have had enough.
They are not able to control their daughter and send her.
It soon turns out.
Patients are drugged and abused by the staff.
Laura feels.
She does not belong  claiming that she has no mental problems.
Attempts to escape prove unsuccessful.
She is often shot.
One day  she succeeds and immediately turns to her parents.
They  however  do not believe a word and send her back.
She is saying.
The staff  angered  make clear.
They will not treat her properly any longer.
It becomes clear.
She has no hope and accepts her fate.
Her parents start to believe.
When Laura s health gets worse.
She was telling the truth.
They decide.
She should return home again.
The doctors are not willing to let her go.
Determined to end the practice  with the help from lawyer Nora Fields  Laura s parents take the issue to court.
Where the facility is put.
<EOS>
A mysterious young girl  Pippi Longstocking  moves.
The redheaded Pippi  living alone but  befriends two neighboring children  Tommy and Annika.
A monkey called Mr Nilsson and her horse Little Old Man.
The three youngsters embark upon a series of colorful escapades.
Turn the small Swedish town upside down.
<EOS>
Charlie Thorpe  a security systems expert  is caught.
A bank owner hires him to design a fool-proof system.
When he get released.
He begins getting blackmailed  to break his system.
He has completed the system.
<EOS>
Woody  Buzz  Jessie  Bullseye  Rex  Hamm  Slinky Dog  Squeeze Toy Aliens  Sarge  Wheezy and the other toys watch a VHS copy of the film Buzz Lightyear of Star Command  The Adventure Begins.
Buzz Lightyear and his partner Warp Darkmatter are to find three missing Little Green Men  a noosphere-dwelling race.
Who are the scientists.
They discover the lost L.
G.
M.
That has crater vipers for fingers.
Zurg prepares to torture the L.
G.
M.
Breaks out.
When Buzz and Warp infiltrate the base and confront Zurg  and a battle.
Zurg escapes.
Zurg starts the self-destruct sequence  leaving Buzz and Warp to escape before the hideout explodes.
Warp is pinned under the wreckage and forces Buzz to flee the base.
It explodes.
Buzz refuses to take a replacement partner.
Buzz is given a Star Command recruit  actually Princess Mira Nova.
Who Commander Nebula trains.
Nova is nearly invulnerable.
Buzz reiterates his refusal to expose any more partners  despite Nebula s forceful assertion.
Buzz is not to work alone.
Buzz later rescues a shy janitor named Booster.
Zurg s workers create.
A new second-in-command called Agent Z  who is flesh and blood but has a robotic arm that can transform.
Zurg learns.
G.
M.
Homeworld called the.
Is responsible.
Zurg sends assault forces to capture it.
Meanwhile  the L.
G.
M.
Have built.
A robot soldier called XR who can be rebuilt.
XR s mind is a blank slate  therefore he can learn.
Whom he is offered.
The L.
G.
M.
Discover. 
Their planet has been invaded to get the.
When Buzz and XR set off to defend the L.
G.
M.
Planet mimics Buzz s actions.
Buzz and XR are confronted.
Whom they pursue.
Agent Z destroys XR and the Uni-Mind is stolen.
Unable to think clearly  the L.
G.
M.
Rebuild XR.
The new version is a genius.
Booster asks  but it s a secret.
Cleaning the floor.
What the space rangers are up.
Booster walks away  sadly.
Commander Nebula decides to launch a full-scale assault.
The rebuilt XR suggests a.
The L.
G.
M.
Leave XR.
Mira says.
A solo ranger could go to stop Zurg.
Nebula dismisses the plan and decides to launch the full-scale assault.
Zurg   suborns the.
When his technicians fail to do so.
That he can use it to control the minds.
Zurg s people thereafter begin making a.
Will use the corrupted Uni-Mind to bend entire populations to Zurg s will.
Mira and Buzz each attempt to steal the Alpha-One prototype spacecraft  Mira  using her powers  wins the face-off and leaves with the ship.
Meanwhile  XR gives Booster a VIP tour and goes inside it.
Buzz pursues her  not realizing.
Booster and XR are inside it  having entered it to play.
Eventually  Buzz catches Mira and stores.
Booster and XR are also discovered.
Zurg s Mega-Ray subverts several planets.
He then turns it  enjoying the irony of watching his greatest enemies become his mouthpieces.
Buzz  not too happy  is about to fire Booster  but the red alert rings.
Buzz  Mira  Booster  and XR see the Mega-Ray s beam strike Star Command  and enter it to discover its effects.
This scene sequence features a reprise  Come in  Star Command.
They flee.
When they discover that all have been suborned by Zurg.
Zurg sends his victims to destroy them  using Star Command s entire arsenal.
They use Alpha-One to escape  just.
When one plant a bomb on the Star Cruiser.
Booster accidentally sits.
The crystallic fusion stopped  the airbags went off.
The siren went off.
They land on Zurg s home planet  narrowly escaping the defensive seeker drones.
They crash-land the.
Is mistaken for a weather balloon after one of the Hornets notices it crashing.
There  Buzz insists.
Buzz orders.
When they start to argue over who gets a.
Them to leave him.
Buzz fights Agent Z and arrests him  only to reveal.
He is Warp Darkmatter.
Taking advantage at this  Warp renders him unconscious and delivers him to Zurg.
Warp tells Buzz.
He was working.
Buzz responds.
When Zurg mocks Buzz.
Zurg and Warp watch at Buzz s apparently futile adherence to official procedure.
Mira  Booster and XR hear Buzz s surrender and his final entry and return to help him.
Zurg is not going to kill Buzz  but use the mind-control ray to turn Buzz.
XR and Booster arrive just.
Booster and Mira destroy Agent Z s mechanical arm.
Buzz and Zurg face each other  Zurg thinks.
He has won.
Buzz and his three friends surround Zurg and pronounce him.
Warp escapes.
When the brain pods shoot the.
Zurg flees and says.
If Buzz goes  he can hear his voice mocking Buzz.
Booster and XR   capture Warp Darkmatter and leap from Zurg s now-exploding tower.
Mira uses her ghosting power to take Buzz.
The Uni-Mind is restored to normal  freeing the suborned peoples and leaving Zurg himself momentarily helpless.
The unity.
G.
M.
Is restored.
Warp is arrested.
The film ends  Buzz  having at last admitted  creates.
When Receiving an assignment.
He can not work alone.
A new team called Team Lightyear.
They fly and shout TO INFINITY AND BEYOND.
The screen then cuts.
<EOS>
The film makes use with John Waters  Patti Smith  Iggy Pop  Gus Van Sant  Genesis Breyer P-Orridge  Sonic Youth  Laurie Anderson  Amiri Baraka  Jello Biafra  and David Cronenberg.
The film looks.
Whose works attacked conservative ideals  spawned countercultural movements  and influenced 20th century culture.
The film is narrated  with a soundtrack by Patti Smith and Sonic Youth.
<EOS>
The son  with his two best friends  joins the police academy.
He s taken under the wing of his father s former partner Captain Joe Sarcone in the ranks of Sarcone s Street Vice Crime Task Force.
He becomes part.
<EOS>
A secret strength formula has been developed.
Speedy is tasked.
Unfortunately  Daffy has been sent to stop him.
Daffy uses a variety.
Of which somehow backfire  or Speedy outwits him.
The final plan  a mouse-seeking missile  is changed to a duck-seeking missile  Daffy frantically returns to his base.
It blows up there.
Speedy pops  I want to tell you a secret.
<EOS>
Enrai is a low-key study in 1980s Japan.
When modernization and urbanization were threatening rural areas.
Mitsuo struggles to preserve his livelihood.
His father leaves his wife to run off.
<EOS>
Misha he sets sail from Russia in a tiny lifeboat  drifting cross the Pacific to finally arrive in New Zealand.
Before long Misha realises.
New Zealand is no more receptive than Russia.
Yet he perseveres  ignoring his wife s pleas to find work.
Misha increasingly withdraws.
His relationship collapses.
Alone  his obsessions take hold.
He steadily descends.
Only a chance encounter saves him from the ultimate act of.
His friendship inspires a.
He begins to reconnect.
<EOS>
The film begins by Rolfe Whitehouse  announcing the story of his brother Wade s strange criminal behavior and subsequent disappearance.
Wade Whitehouse is a small-town policeman.
Night  Wade meets his daughter Jill from his divorced marriage  but he is late.
The evening is overshadowed.
Jill eventually calls her mother to come and pick her up.
Wade shoves her lover and watches them drive away with Jill.
When his ex-wife finally arrives.
Wade vows to get a lawyer to help gain custody.
The next day  Wade rushes.
A hunting guide named.
Jack claims that the man shot and killed himself.
The police believe Jack.
Wade grows suspicious  believing.
The man s death was no accident.
His suspicion slowly turns.
When he is informed that the victim was scheduled to testify.
A while later  Wade and his girlfriend Margie Fogg arrive.
Whose abusive treatment as children is seen in flashbacks throughout the film.
Wade finds his mother lying dead from hypothermia.
Glen Whitehouse reacts with little surprise.
He gets drunk.
Loudly exclaims  Not one is worth one hair on that woman s head.
Rolfe   suggests  but later renounces himself of this presumption.
Who has come home.
Wade s murder theory could be correct.
Nonetheless  Wade becomes obsessed.
He makes the solving.
When Wade learns that town Selectman Gordon Lariviere is buying up property from a wealthy land developer.
Suffering and becoming increasingly socially detached  he behaves more and more unpredictably.
He follows Jack  convinced and is involved.
Jack is running away.
A nervous Jack finally pulls over  threatens Wade with a rifle  shoots out his tires  and drives off.
Finally  Wade is fired both for his constant harassment of Jack and his trashing of Lariviere s office.
He collects Jill.
Where his ex-wife furiously castigates his plans to sue.
He attacks the bartender in front of his daughter.
He insults Wade.
Then Wade takes Jill home to find Margie leaving him.
Wade grabs Margie and begs her to stay.
Jill rushes up and tries to push Wade away.
Wade pushes Jill  causing her nose to bleed.
She and Margie drive off.
Wade is then approached.
Who congratulates him.
The latent aggression culminates in a fight.
Which Wade accidentally kills his father.
He burns the corpse  sits down at the living room table and starts drinking.
The barn can be seen burning down.
Rolfe s narration reveals.
Wade eventually murdered Jack and left town  never to return.
Rolfe relates.
The town later became part.
He concludes.
That will be the end.
<EOS>
The film begins.
A young man is lying on his back and looking at holographic pictures of himself and a young women  presumably his wife.
All appears on his arm  letting.
Him know that something will happen.
He stands up and gets to work.
Using a computer program  he begins to make a row.
He makes a copy and puts the copy across from the first.
The first row is made.
He then gets to work.
He adds columns  doors  and windows.
Once done  he works to make them look like buildings.
He adds color and then some nature.
He pays particular attention.
Soon   he hastily finishes the details and hide in a doorway.
When the timer stops.
Up  the boxes no longer look like computer models but actual buildings.
A door opens.
The young woman  dressed in a hospital gown  emerges.
She is astonished.
What she sees.
She walks down the street  looking.
Watching  the man realizes.
It looks.
He prays.
She does nt see the building.
She comes his way.
He hides  watching her look.
She leaves the street back.
He emerges and watches his world.
She is gone.
He created dematerialize.
It shows the woman smiling.
Choking back tears  he kisses her picture.
The screen goes dark  showing the words Program Ends.
The young man enters.
The young woman is lying and hooked up to machines to monitor her progress.
He kisses her forehead and drops the very flower.
She admired.
<EOS>
Young Wendall Olet is sent to live.
When is father is called on to fight.
Lonely and unhappy  Wendall harbors the delusion.
He possesses amazing powers and becomes involved.
<EOS>
The Lady enters the Old West town.
She enters a single elimination gunfighting contest held by Redemption s ruthless leader  John Herod.
And is introduced  a former Herod henchman turned reverend.
Whom Herod forced to enter the contest.
The winner will receive $ 123000 in cash courtesy of Wells Fargo  the implication being.
The money was stolen  since the cash is still in the sort of strongbox used to transport valuables on stagecoaches.
The Lady forges a platonic friendship plus gun shop owner.
Who hopes to impress Herod  whom he believes to be his father  although Herod denies the claim.
The first and second rounds ensue.
Cort is persecuted.
He slowly begins to win the respect.
Both Lady and Cort find.
Herod s main goal is to eliminate anyone who might pose a threat to him as leader of the town  and form a bond over their histories with Herod.
Haunted  Lady reflects.
Herod manipulated her into killing her father  the town s former Marshal.
Kid challenges Herod to a duel to win his respect.
Kid s wounds prove fatal.
They both injure each other.
He dies.
Herod   still refuses to acknowledge the young man  believing him to be the result of his wife s affair with a farmer.
Obviously saddened.
They devise a plan to kill Herod and free Redemption.
When Lady and Cort are forced to face each other.
The Lady fakes her death and makes her return known seconds before Cort and Herod s duel by using the Kid s dynamite to blow up Herod s illegitimate business establishments.
Cort dispatches Herod s men.
The Lady goes on to fight Herod.
They draw their guns.
Herod outdraws and shoots Lady.
She shoots him and finishes him with a well-aimed gunshot to the eye.
Cort becomes the new Marshal of the town as Lady rides off into the sunset.
<EOS>
Laxminarayan 1 lives a poor lifestyle with his widowed mother Kanta.
Who wants him to be a successful gangster and would like him to kill a few people  make enough money  then marry Chota Khujli s daughter  Meena Khujli.
To fulfill his mother s wish  Laxminarayan 1 accepts a contract to kill DMello Yadav  a Pondi-based gangster.
Who has stolen a diamond.
Laxminarayan 2  the detailed and obedient Secretary.
M.
Pipat  wants him to buy a vintage car.
The third Laxminarayan 3 sells undergarments and runs a business  ` Bulbul Lingerie    he travels to Pondi to meet with his new supplier  Jiya.
The trio all arrive.
Book rooms next.
Their respective lives are hilariously turned upside down.
When their names cause all three to end up.
<EOS>
Mr Quincy Magoo is an eccentric millionaire.
Who refuses to use eyeglasses and therefore always gets.
He accidentally gets.
A priceless gem called the Star  and begins to trace the way for the arch-criminals whose idea was to steal the gem - Austin Cloquet and Ortega The Piranha Peru  while two federal agents Stupak and Anders lead the manhunt for Mr Magoo himself.
<EOS>
Twin girls Sarah and Julie are two naughty but sweet children.
Drive their work-obsessed widowed mother  Rhonda  up the wall.
They overhear her saying.
They are a handful.
She needs a vacation.
They decide to go give Rhonda and head off.
What she wants.
The girls pack up their bags and hop.
But there s a problem  they are nt allowed to cross the street.
That s.
When the city bus pulls up.
They sneak on.
An elderly lady tells them.
Riding the bus.
It only goes Downtown  Uptown  and back.
They also discover.
Edgemont is actually hours away.
They spot Eddie and his truck.
They sneak and only reveal themselves to him.
Sarah desperately has to go.
He does nt like kids  but eventually starts to enjoy the girls  company.
He figures out that he gets large tips when they deliver packages.
He evens.
Buys them ice cream  as well as a lottery ticket.
He brings them home  only to be attacked.
The day s deliveries are finished.
Who steal his truck.
They decide.
When the robbers  Harvey and Shirley  discover them.
They can make some money.
Shirley makes a phone call  asking for $ 10000 in cash.
She tells her.
They will make the trade  and that she is to wear a red hat.
Meanwhile  Harvey has begun to like the girls.
She replies.
When he asks Shirley why they never had kids.
It s because they are criminals.
Sarah and Julie eventually get.
Then Eddie and Rhonda get together.
He saves the girls.
He wins the lotto.
3 million show.
Afterwards  they give all the people their parcels back.
Everybody is happy spending Christmas together.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
He meets up.
Together they fight lesbian-killing vampires.
Jesus fights and uses his carpentry skills to create weapons to slay vampires.
<EOS>
This movie is based.
Is the later part.
It depicts the lives  the sons of Rama and Sita.
The story begins.
<EOS>
The film opens.
The mother and son are playing I spy.
When they hit a deer.
The dad gets out and walks with half his face gone.
The family is attacked.
The scene shifts.
Where Trip  one meets with a dealer named Radford who provides him with a number of pills for a rave in the desert.
Trip steals all the dealer s pills.
He meets.
The group notices an overturned car.
They dismiss.
Gretchen discovers.
Trip is carrying drugs and stops the vehicle to kick him out.
The group notices a short  but strong tremor.
Parking. 
Gretchen agrees to take Trip back.
They discover has been abandoned.
The car runs out and inexplicably breaks down  so they decide to stay at the Halfway Motel.
Learning  Trip decides to walk down the road for help.
The highway has been closed.
Which he does not see the mother.
Trip escapes and meets a man named Henry driving an RV.
Who is looking.
He goes to the motel and sets up camp there.
Trip does nt tell his friends but warns them to be careful and to scream.
They see or hear anything.
Looking  Trip releases from a rubbish skip the still-living head  torso and arms of a truck driver.
Who then crawls away.
Henry then meets Trip and discovers.
They both are seeing the dead people.
Suffocating moves through the trailer.
Henry collapses.
Still looking  Trip is attacked on the roof by a hooded figure.
Cookie is attacked whilst sitting and is killed by being dragged into the hole.
Nelson is almost dragged under his bed but pulls himself back up and jumps on top of the bed.
He takes his sneaker off and drops it  watching.
It is shredded.
He then tries to escape  but fatally cuts his throat on a shard of glass.
Gretchen and Jack discover Nelson s and Henry s bodies  prompting Gretchen to go look.
Alone  Jack encounters the creature but manages to escape.
When Trip starts shooting.
Trip is overpowered and looses his arm  then dies.
We then learn.
An RV had crashed into Gretchen s car after Trip stepped out to call for a ride  at the moment when they experienced the tremor.
None had noticed the RV.
Whose driver was Henry.
His wife  Rose had explained.
He was suffering a massive heart attack and lost control.
The car was in fact their own.
The group saw leaving the diner.
Each were reflected by their own deaths in the car  Cookie died from internal bleeding  Nelson cut his neck  Trip s arm was severed gripping the cell phone.
When he was thrown.
He died.
Gretchen survived the crash.
She was wearing her seat belt.
Jack   also remained alive in the car.
Radford   hence the visions at the motel and highway.
Who had been stalking Trip  witnessed the accident and attempted to assist.
Gretchen and Jack briefly discuss the fact.
Neither has any recollection.
No mention is made.
Jack comments  offhandedly mentioning the color.
He thought he could see Gretchen.
<EOS>
The film is set and depicts a critically burned man  at first known only as the English patient   a French-Canadian nurse in an abandoned Italian monastery.
Who is being looked.
The patient is reluctant to disclose any personal information  viewers are allowed into his past.
It is slowly revealed.
He is in fact a Hungarian cartographer  Count Laszlo de Almasy  who was making a map  and whose affair with a married woman  Katharine Clifton  ultimately brought about his present situation.
David Caravaggio  a Canadian intelligence operative and former thief  arrives.
The patient remembers more.
Caravaggio lost his thumbs.
He gradually reveals.
It was the patient s actions that had brought.
The film devotes time to Hana and her romance with Kip  an Indian Sikh sapper in the British Army.
Hana believes.
Anyone who comes close is likely to die.
Kip s position makes their romance full of tension.
Set in the late 1930s  the minor Hungarian noble Count Laszlo de Almasy is co-leader of a Royal Geographical Society archeological and surveying expedition in Egypt and Libya.
He and his English partner Madox are with limited sophistication in the swirling politics of Europe and North Africa.
Both the morale and finances are bolstered by a British couple  Geoffrey and Katherine Clifton.
After the film begins.
Joins the exploration party.
The Count is taken.
An affair takes wing.
When Geoffrey is often away.
The final months bring an archeological triumph  the Count s discovery of an ancient Saharan cave decorated with swimming figure paintings dating from prehistoric times  the Cave of Swimmers.
This period also sees the romance and the Count rise to a sensuous peak and then seemingly fade.
Katherine is plagued.
The Count shows a streak along with an imbalance that will later haunt him.
The fall bring all excavation at the cave to a halt.
Madox and the Count go their separate ways.
Geoffrey Clifton meanwhile has pieced together the outline  and seeks a sudden and dramatic revenge  crashing his plane  with Katherine aboard  into the Count s desert camp.
The wreck kills Geoffrey instantly  seriously injures Katherine  and narrowly misses the Count.
He manages to take Katherine  leaves her with food  water  a flashlight  and a fire  then begins his scorching three day walk back to the nearest town and help.
The town is held.
The dazed and dehydrated Count   is unable to coherently explain to officials the plane crash and Katherine s plight.
Instead he loses his temper and is thrown into military jail.
He is sent  escapes  finds himself behind Afrika Korps lines and quickly trades his desert maps with the Germans for petrol for Madox s biplane  a De Havilland Tiger Moth.
He had left behind.
He returns to the cave  Katherine is dead - and in all but a physical sense.
Is the Count.
He manages to bundle Katherine s body and takes off.
Mistaking the Tiger Moth  a German anti-aircraft battery shoots down the plane as Almasy pilots it over the desert.
Horribly burned but alive  he is rescued.
The film s second phase shifts.
The Count is an invalid patient  and wholly dependent by this time on morphine and the care of his French-Canadian nurse Hana  detached from her medical unit and established in a battered but beautiful Italian monastery.
That place becomes the focal point from the North African phase  all themed around love  chance  and the backdrop of the war.
Hana has seen a fiance.
A nursing friend die  and is left to wonder.
Her involvement will break her cycle of love and grief or simply continue it.
A visitor.
Caravaggio is that he believes.
Unwittingly stumbled into the wreckage of the Count-Katherine-Geoffrey love triangle  circa.
He s lost both thumbs at the hands of the Nazis  and has since hunted down and killed those.
He believes responsible.
He believes  and knows.
The Count was part.
He traded maps.
He confronts him  and posits.
The Count killed the Cliftons.
Only a full recounting to recover Katherine bring Caravaggio to understanding and forgiveness.
Hana  too  finds reconciliation.
Her lieutenant survives a brush.
Her hope is rekindled.
The Count asks  and dies of  an overdose of morphine from Hana.
<EOS>
A troubled young writer finds herself embroiled.
She must solve or die.
The successful children s writer Claire Holloway is troubled and is under psychological treatment.
She sees the landscape.
Working. 
She notes.
The farmhouse is linked.
She decides to spend her vacation.
Is located nearby a swamp.
She is haunted.
She is befriended.
She decides to contact the paranormal consultant Geoffry Hunt.
Together  they investigate the mystery and disclose a tragedy.
Happened about twenty years ago.
<EOS>
Terry and Dean are tired of barely scraping by on menial jobs.
Recently evicted  they are out of options until their old buddy and party leader  Troy gets them high-paying jobs laying oil pipeline in Fort McMurray.
Dean can not take the pace and decides to injure himself for the Workers  compensation money with Tron s help  however he quickly finds.
Terry quickly becomes a welcome member.
The money offered is much less than he had expected.
Flush  Terry starts dating Trish  a waitress at the local strip bar.
Who has slept at one time or another.
Dean does his best to save his friend into a domestic lifestyle.
When Terry quickly moves in.
Terry s fast-spending lifestyle quickly catches up  putting heavy strain on his relationship with Trish.
When layoffs hit the pipeline crew.
Who soon reveals she is pregnant.
This only makes things worse   meaning.
It was revealed that Terry is infertile.
The father is another member.
Meanwhile  Dean s latest medical checkup reveals.
His cancer has returned.
Terry.
Occurred while Dean was drunk.
Dean reveals his condition.
Who has developed a serious crack habit.
Each despondent  Dean and Tron form a suicide pact  planning to end their lives the day after Christmas.
Terry finds out from another member of the pipeline crew.
Dean has lost his other testicle due.
Terry rethinks his decision and goes to pick Dean up.
Where he has been living out.
Terry welcomes Dean.
Dean s family arrives  showing him there are things worth living for.
He decides  however  Tron shows up at Terry s house  intent on fulfilling the pact.
Tron attempts to smother Dean.
Dean fights back and ends up  in.
Tron soils himself.
Dean s daughter Chaz is awakened  and walks into the living room finding Tron dressed in a red suit and a Santa hat.
Believing him to be Santa  she gives Tron a hug.
The film ends.
His complete lack has allowed him to sing higher notes than ever before.
He performs.
The two leave the reception and are showered  including Tron.
Who also decided not to commit suicide.
The film ends.
Who bears a striking resemblance.
<EOS>
The movie focuses.
One faction   breaks into a US weapons depot and takes cases of hand bombs.
Are killed.
Escaping several soldiers.
October is blinded from a mishandled case of bombs.
The movement s highest authority deems October unfit and sends Winter s February  leader  to take October s remaining bombs through any means necessary.
This causes October and his soldiers to undergo a shift.
The members start to take matters into their own hands.
<EOS>
Two men  Tommy McCoy and Dude Markey  are.
Markey robs a jewelry store and gives the haul.
Later  he steals the jewelry.
The gangster will kill him  thereby getting rid for the lovely Nita.
<EOS>
The setting is Central Asia.
But the fight against the Basmachi rebels was in full swing.
When the power was fully in the hands of the workers and peasants.
A decision is made to escort urgently the prisoner.
When a Red Army detachment captures Sultan Mazar  the brains.
The difficult mission is entrusted.
Conscientious revolutionary called Mirzo.
His expertise is essential to traverse the precarious paths and steep mountain ridges.
A group consisting set off on this journey  pursued doggedly along the way by Fattobeck  the ruthless new head of the Basmachis.
They are forced to fight as well as negotiate the natural dangers and harsh elements.
<EOS>
The Russians are consorting.
Who plan to turn over a map.
So.
He can sniff out their pan and the traitors.
Tien gets his brother Ko   and his tag to help aide him.
Tolstoy is a pistol expert.
Who is a dagger expert.
Soon the plot reveals a traitorous magistrate and the key figure.
The method is stolen.
Which the Manchu s identify themselves.
But  Tein and crew are and must fight their way out alone in a desperate bid to save China and bring the traitors down.
<EOS>
A Kentucky woman named.
Dian Fossey is inspired to devote her life to the study of primates.
Traveling  Fossey becomes fascinated with the lives and habits of the rare mountain gorillas of the Rwandan jungle.
She has a romance.
Dian Fossey was also an occupational therapist.
The film potrayed her as the film s director thought that profession was more recognisable to the general public.
It was her training and the emphasis.
Inspired her to study the gorilla s communication and social groups.
Appalled  Fossey complains to the Rwandan government.
Dismisses her claiming that poaching is the only means by which some can themselves survive.
She rejects this and dedicates herself.
She forms and leads numerous anti-poaching patrols  burning down the poachers  villages  and even staging a mock execution of one of the offenders.
Fossey is mysteriously murdered in the bedroom of her cabin  but her actions to help save the gorillas pay off greatly.
The species is saved.
<EOS>
A boy called David and his sister move after the death of their parents.
They are stalked by a crazy lady.
Who has a extremely unsettling smile and a talent.
It is not long.
People start to get shot and stabbed.
The grandmother s house becomes a.
<EOS>
Ilva is a woman.
Who falls too quickly.
Unaware and unconcerned.
Her passion may be perceived.
First   she falls for a Nazi.
Indirectly leads.
Her relationship was interpreted as her collaboration with the Nazis.
Her next love story  however  bring additional tragedy.
She is saved by two Americans GIs  one white.
When she is violently summoned to answer with the German.
One black.
She falls  at the same time.
Her inability to choose  creates conflict  unhappiness and murder.
The film combines a combines history  music  and a little absurdity to treat the subject.
<EOS>
The film tells the story Unniyarcha  the valiant heroine.
A member martial arts and proves herself as an equal to her brother Aromal Chekavar and cousin Chandu Chekavar  both renowned warriors.
Unniyarcha is portrayed.
The film also narrates.
How jealousy takes its roots  and how he grows hostile to Aaromal  consequently betraying him during a duel.
Unniyarcha then pledges to take revenge.
This forms the crux.
<EOS>
The documentary features the events.
Took place from May 25 to May 27.
Some focuses include the Nordic festival  the Russian gay cultural contest  Merlin Holland s lecture on his grandfather Oscar Wilde.
The International Day.
Moscow Pride 06 also focuses.
When participants gathered to protest the ban as well as the Tverskoi District Court decision to uphold Mayor Yuri Luzhkov s decision to ban the march.
The movie is left.
What took place for history.
The film is not and not available on DVD.
A copy can be obtained.
<EOS>
Krishnanunni is the Kaaryasthan.
Kalidas is the Kaaryasthan.
Madhu and G K Pillai play the Karanavars respectively.
The story is set.
The two tharavadu are situated.
The film begins by the inmates of both the houses.
Krishna warrier s son Raajan is there.
His marriage is fixed.
Rajan and the girl elopes.
But Puthezhath people tries to stop them.
Krishnawarrier comes and rescues and also pulls him up.
Krishnanunni is born.
Years pass.
<EOS>
The producer Max Poulton has been having an affair.
Making a movie.
A married man  Max does not want to lose his wife Carol.
The hot-tempered Gina threatens to tell all.
Max comes home stain on his shirt cuff.
A visit follows.
Who says Gina s body has just been found.
Rushing.
Where he and Gina used to secretly meet.
He s left behind.
A neighbor spots his car.
Carol is hosting.
Confused  he drives her home  leaves her briefly  then returns to find her lifeless body  once again stabbed.
Max thinks.
He must be losing his mind.
This time a local police official  Inspector Simon  comes to call.
The only conclusion is.
Max can draw.
Carliss is somehow trying to frame him.
His suspicions are correct.
Carliss is not a Scotland Yard inspector.
He has arranged things to make Max appear guilty.
Simon  having the neighbor s eyewitness description  has little choice but to place Max under arrest.
Max escapes.
When it looks as though Carliss intends to harm Carol as well.
He manipulates Carliss.
Carliss   drives over a cliff.
When the police give chase.
Max s innocence becomes apparent.
<EOS>
Winslow Lowry  the no-good  indebted nephew  infirm billionaire Albert Dennison seeks to speed his uncle s demise by hiring three of the most inept orderlies he can possibly find.
The trio  Markie  Buffy and Kool  only mean well  however.
Their good-natured antics actually help re-energize the ailing Albert.
They find out and try to stop it from taking place.
<EOS>
Aditya Shrivastav is a deserted army officer.
He has a brother  Anuj.
Anuj gets angry day and runs away.
ACP Yashwant Thakur helps.
Aditya find Anuj and later tells him that Anuj was killed.
Aditya reads a police report and was shot dead.
States that Anuj was running away.
Aditya ca nt quite believe this.
He investigates it.
He later meets Ramona.
Who reveals that ACP Yashwant Thakur and his two other police officers brutally killed Anuj and lied to cover it up.
Aditya wants to take the matter and chooses Payal as his lawyer.
However   Aditya decides to take matters into his own hands by holding the three.
They confess their crime.
He is successful and  having secretly recorded this evidence  shows it.
<EOS>
The film starts.
David Clemens is brought by his apparently caring mother.
He becomes very upset.
When one brushes his hand.
He believes touches can kill him.
Cold and distant  he mainly concentrates.
He appears to be obsessed.
We later learn.
He has a recurring dream in which he murders people.
He meets Lisa Brandt  a girl  one  Lisa  can only speak in rhymes.
Who has two personalities.
The other  Muriel  can not speak  but only write.
David befriends her.
When she comes to visit him.
He should leave the place.
David runs away and goes back to the residential treatment center.
Where he is allowed to stay.
He has a small argument.
She takes the train  unnoticed by anyone.
David   finds her.
Who realizes she would go back.
Lisa appears to be cured and does nt need to rhyme anymore.
David allows her to hold his hand back.
<EOS>
The action takes place.
Where the beautiful Alta lives.
Jewel has a friend.
Soon they meet an American visitor named Jim Martin.
Who has been sent to prove that a new investment is not going to harm the environment in Karistan.
<EOS>
Dr Derrick Russell rapes one.
He describes her suicide.
When she throws herself shortly afterward.
Ten years later  he plans to rape another patient  Sandy Ramirez.
Is. 
What Russell does not know.
Sandy is the daughter  and that she is bent on revenge.
<EOS>
The year is.
Samuel Fulton is an old and lonely New York millionaire.
Who has decided to leave his fortune.
Millicent is the only woman.
They shortly dated.
She dumped him because she did not return his love.
Samuel explains Edward Norton.
Losing the love was what inspired him to build up a career as a wealthy businessman  eventually becoming the richest man in the world.
Fearing  he decides to visit them  faking a newspaper advertisement to board a room under the alias John Smith.
The family will spend the money the wrong way.
The family is initially reluctant to take.
Roberta  the youngest daughter  wastes no time and makes.
Him feel as welcome.
He notices.
The Blaisdells are a happy family who  although poor  are proud.
Father Charles has taught the family not to put a value.
Nevertheless  mother Harriet wishes to marry Carl Pennock  a wealthy but snobbish young man.
Who could buy Millicent everything that Harriet never had.
Millicent  however  is not keen and prefers to marry Dan Stebbins  a charming but poor soda jerk.
John is given a job.
Staying. 
One night  Millie and Dan announce their engagement.
Upsets Harriet.
Norton arrives  announcing.
The family has inherited $.
The family - especially Harriet - immediately gives up their humble life.
When realizing Norton is not joking.
Charles is not enthusiastic  but allows her to buy.
Whatever she wants.
The oldest son Howard immediately starts gambling a large amount a debt.
Prompts Samuel to help him.
Meanwhile  Dan  feeling  breaks off their engagement.
He could never live up.
Afterwards  Millie reluctantly starts dating Carl again  much.
Samuel helps both Millie and Howard escape.
Results. 
Soon  Harriet feels.
Samuel s presence is ruining the family image  unaware why he ended up in jail.
He is supported only by Dan.
Who admits his intentions.
Trying to prevent Millie and Dan  he sets up a meeting at the cinema.
There  an argument follows.
Millie exclaims her hatred  complaining.
It is the cause.
She is comforted  and thereby attracts the attention of other.
Who suspect that Sam and Millie are.
There is gossip of the so-called affair.
Prompts Harriet to force Millie to announce her engagement.
Meanwhile  Charles announces.
He has lost his investments  which makes Samuel realize that the Blaisdells are.
Obligated  Norton refuses a loan.
Which Charles begs the Pennocks.
Carl then realizes.
Millie is not and leaves her.
Much  the Blaisdell family returns to their old lifestyle.
Roberta reveals.
` John  has won the first prize  having secretly entered his paintings.
Samuel immediately leaves the house to avoid the press  and realizes.
The Blaisdells now think.
He could have been.
<EOS>
Fred s pen-pal Alejo Otero   invites Fred and the rest to visit him and his family there.
Who lives.
Fred and the rest talk about it.
They decide to go.
However   a monster started to terrorize the population.
Alejo sent the invitation.
Both Alejo and his son see the monster.
The locals start calling it la chupacabra.
Later  when Mystery  Inc.
Arrives  they meet Alejo.
Who recognizes them.
Alejo runs a huge and fancy hotel.
He shows them around and.
Where they will be staying.
He then shows them his family.
Include his wife Sofia  his mother Dona Dolores  his brother Luis  and Luis s fiancee  Charlene.
Luis tells the gang.
He met Charlene when he visited America.
The gang and the family enjoy a meal.
Dolores talks.
Then  a man named.
Senor Fuente arrives and asks to speak.
Dolores tells the gang.
Fuente has been trying to get her to sell the hotel ever since her husband died.
Meanwhile  Alejo and Luis tell Fuente once again.
They do not want to sell the hotel.
Fuente leaves.
The family go inside.
Alejo is forced to tell the gang.
When inside.
He says.
He does not have many other guests because El Chupacabra has been scaring them away.
Luis and Charlene tell the gang to lock their doors.
When they go to sleep.
Shaggy and Scooby-Doo are scared.
When they think they hear a noise.
They then hear a loud growl and run screaming out.
They wake up Fred  Velma  and Daphne.
Fred declares.
There is a mystery they have to solve.
The next day  the gang  Alejo  and Luis set out to search.
Charlene gives Luis a charm.
Daphne interviews the townspeople.
None are able to find El Chupacabra.
They find.
When they get back.
Someone has written  threatening them to either go away or not see tomorrow.
The gang realizes and decide to search.
This is serious.
Fred  Velma  and Daphne go one way  Alejo and Luis go another way.
Shaggy and Scooby stay.
Shaggy and Scooby sleep in the van.
Someone takes away their brake fluid.
Fred  Velma  and Daphne search the woods  and find El Curandero  a medicine man.
El Curandero tells them.
They need to look and that they are in grave danger.
Meanwhile  Alejo and Luis are searching.
When Alejo sees El Chupacabra.
Alejo is chased and nearly falls off a cliff.
He manages to hold on.
He calls.
There is no answer.
The monster disappears.
Luis shows up  saying.
He was hit by the monster.
Luis helps his brother up.
Shaggy and Scooby start driving.
They get scared.
When they realize they can not stop.
They meet up and Luis.
Who were being chased.
Eventually  the van runs out and stops right in front of a gas station.
The van gets fixed.
Alejo gets some ice  but Luis does not have a bump on his head.
Luis says.
He is fine.
The gang drives along and finds a sign.
Thinking  go.
Is what the medicine man said.
They meet a suspicious and hyper museum guide.
When they get there.
Who leads them.
There they see a performance.
The guide then makes Daphne volunteer.
She kidnaps her  vanishing.
The rest find a secret passageway and follow it.
They come.
They find Daphne and rescue her.
The tourists chase  thinking.
They have stolen something.
They finally return home.
The next day is the Day.
All go.
Where they find that Charlene has been captured by El Chupacabra.
The family gives offerings and hope.
Charlene can be found.
Suddenly  the ghost comes out of his grave and tells them to sell the hotel and the land.
They will be.
Fred just revealed.
The good luck charm Luis has is really a tracking device.
The family can not believe.
Senor Otero would want them to sell.
Scooby realizes.
Something is suspicious.
He follows a beeping noise.
Is actives until he finds a man in a skeleton suit controlling the ghost.
The gang catches him.
He is revealed to be Mr Smiley.
Then  El Chupacabra appears and scares everyone.
The monster is caught up in some wiring.
The gang pulls off the mask.
It is revealed the museum guide.
They saw earlier is the monster.
She tells them.
She loves Mr Smiley and that they were going to get all the land.
Luis asks.
What happened.
The guide tells him.
He should forget.
Velma then guesses and realizes the face  and pulls it off to reveal.
Something is up.
The guide has is a mask.
Charlene was the guide and El Chupacabra.
Fred says.
The message written was not in proper Spanish  so it had to be someone who did not speak Spanish.
Senor Fuente says.
He did want the land.
He respects.
The family does not want to sell.
However  Mr Smiley refused to accept this and decided to ruin the business.
Fuente also says  he wanted to warn the Oteros and gang.
When he learned.
What s going on.
Charlene and Mr Smiley are taken.
Luis admits.
He did not go because he was paralysed with fear.
Alejo comforts him  telling.
Him there are worse things.
Everyone enjoys the Day.
<EOS>
Edges tells the tales of three groups of survivors held up in an apartment complex during a zombie apocalypse.
A vampire couple kidnaps a young girl.
They intend to bleed her slowly to survive.
Things do nt go exactly as planned.
Dean  an obsessed horror writer is holed up  Dana.
Dean keeps his sanity.
He installs a new processor to run his computer  but soon finds out there.
S a high price to pay.
Heather  a survival nut  rescues a young mother and her son.
She takes them back.
However  she soon discovers.
The mother and son are hellbent on destroying the boy.
EDGES opens his TRAP.
<EOS>
Francois is a middle-aged  art-dealer Parisian.
Who thinks he has everything.
He attended where only a handful turned up.
No-One would go.
He may be materially rich.
He has no friends.
Everyone starts to antagonise him about having no friends.
Francois says.
He does have friends.
His business partner Catherine decides to make a bet  Francois must introduce his best friend within 10 days.
The bet is made.
Francois has ten days.
To produce his best friend  or  to find one.
The stake is his antique Greek vase.
He meets a trivia-loving taxi driver  Bruno.
Francois travels  revisiting old acquaintances who all reject him.
A friendship slowly starts to form.
The two spend an increasing amount together.
However  Francois s desire to win the bet threatens to destroy the best friendship.
He has ever had.
<EOS>
Lam  the daughter  meets the warm-hearted Mr Worm on the street one day.
Mr Worm  a Mongol  runs.
A lost-and-found company and Lam enlists his help to trace a missing friend  Ted  a Scottish sailor and former colleague who mysteriously disappeared months ago.
Lam and Ted formed an intimate friendship.
Lam finds herself thinking after his disappearance.
Mr Worm traces Ted s whereabouts.
The latter is returning home to run a motel for his recently deceased grandfather.
Lam helps Mr Worm solve near-impossible cases.
Undergoing treatment.
The two develop a close bond.
Lam decides to pay a visit to settle unfinished business with Ted.
Her condition deteriorates.
Her relationship with Ted almost rekindles.
But  she finds herself missing Mr Worm more than Ted.
<EOS>
Long-time best friends Victor and Matthew are co-workers employed.
Both are having problems  Victor s wife wants to divorce him.
Matthew has no idea what is wrong and is baffled and irritated to take her vacation separately from her husband and daughter.
The men decide.
They rent a beautiful vacation home.
Victor and Matthew spot their daughters - topless.
Jennifer is told.
She refuses  dragging her father into the water to play.
Matthew does not join them  feeling uncomfortable.
The men visit a local pub in search of dates.
Matthew winds up at the Brazilian wedding.
Where he runs.
Matthew and Jennifer start to feel some chemistry develop.
Watching the festivities together.
They eventually share a passionate kiss - much.
Who inadvertently sees what s going.
Matthew and Jennifer then make love.
Begins a secret sexual relationship.
Jennifer later tearfully confesses.
She had an affair  but does not reveal who he is.
Naturally  Victor becomes furious and sets out to hunt down the mystery man  expecting Matthew to help - unaware   the whole time.
Matthew was the culprit.
Matthew is reluctant to help Victor but goes through with it anyway  for the benefit of their friendship.
Matthew tries to talk Jennifer into ending their fantasy relationship.
She is determined to never give him up.
Eventually  Matthew discloses.
He was the one whom Jennifer had the affair  but only after Victor caused a couple of brawls targeting innocent men.
However  Victor is not as angry.
Matthew expects.
It is soon discovered that Victor had been having an affair.
Jennifer tries to commit suicide  but survives.
The truth comes more.
The incident brings all closer together.
The men constantly bicker.
Karen and Matthew decide to work  Jennifer begins dating a young male nurse.
Whom she met while recuperating.
Victor remarries his estranged wife.
Matthew   You only live once.
The closing credits begin to roll.
It does help.
You get to be young twice.
<EOS>
Homer Flagg is a railroad worker.
His big dream is to visit New York City.
He is young.
One day he finds an abandoned automobile.
His doctor and best friend  Steve Harris  diagnoses him and gives Homer three weeks.
To live.
A reporter  Wally Cook  hears of Homer s plight and convinces her editor  Oliver Stone  to provide an all-expenses paid trip to fulfil Homer s lifelong fantasy of seeing New York.
Steve  however  realizes.
He made an error and Homer is only suffering.
Steve agrees to keep this new diagnosis.
A secret begs him.
Steve announces and must accompany him.
Only he can provide medical treatment.
New York embraces Homer.
He becomes a celebrity.
Homer even makes plans to marry Wally.
She has fallen.
Meanwhile  editor Stone is anxious to die.
Every day it is costing the newspaper money to support the dying man s extravagant requests.
Includes ordering 3000 shrimp cocktails.
Stone hires three specialists to examine Homer.
Who is given a clean bill.
To escape the fix  Homer fakes suicide.
They have gotten themselves.
The newspaper gets the exclusive story.
Wally gets married.
The two guys get new jobs.
<EOS>
The film varies.
<EOS>
Missie s surprise discovery - her pregnancy - sets her.
S at once thrilling and terrifying.
She and her husband  Willie  have headed west in a covered wagon  leaving behind the prairie home of Missie s parents.
Later on they meet Jeff Huff and his older brother Sonny.
They later make new friends and spend Christmas together.
Now  caught.
When she ll see her family again.
Missie and Willie LaHaye travel west.
Missie is afraid to tell Willie.
It is nothing.
When they arrive.
What Missie pictured.
She meets an Indian woman.
Who becomes her friend.
Are tied and held at gun point by thieves.
Praying she and her friends.
Missie is forced to show one but Jeff finds out.
Where she put their money.
Sonny has been a thief all along.
Sonny is shot and later dies.
That night Missie goes and gives birth to a baby boy named Matthew.
<EOS>
Archaeologists John Banning  his father Stephen and his uncle Joseph Whemple are searching for the tomb of Princess Ananka  the high priestess of the god Karnak.
John has a broken leg and can not accompany his father and uncle.
When they open the tomb.
An Egyptian man named.
They enter.
Mehemet Bey warns them not to go in  lest they face the fatal curse.
Stephen and Joseph ignore him  and discover.
Stephen finds the Scroll and reads from it.
Joseph leaves to tell John the good news.
He then screams off-screen and is found.
Three years later   Stephen Banning comes out of his catatonia at the Engerfield Nursing Home for the Mentally Disordered  and sends for his son.
He tells him brought back Kharis  the mummified high priest of Karnak.
When he read  he unintentionally.
He was sentenced to be entombed alive to serve for attempting to bring her back to life out of forbidden love.
Now  Stephen tells his disbelieving son.
Kharis will hunt down and kill all those who desecrated Ananka s tomb.
Meanwhile  Mehemet Bey  revealed  comes to Engerfield under the alias of Mehemet Akir to wreak vengeance on the Bannings.
He hires a pair  to bring the slumbering Kharis in a crate to his rented home  but the two men foul up.
Kharis  crate falls off and sinks.
Later  using the Scroll to rise from the muck  then sends him to murder Stephen Banning.
He does.
When Kharis kills Joseph Whemple the next night.
Before the eyes range to no effect.
Police Inspector Mulrooney is assigned to solve the murders.
He does not believe John s incredible story.
He is skeptical and deals only.
When John figures that he is to be Kharis  third victim.
John notices.
Mulrooney investigates.
His wife Isobel bears an uncanny resemblance.
Listening.
Who saw the mummy walking.
John is right.
Mehemet Bey sends the mummy.
However   Kharis sees her  releases John and leaves.
When Isobel rushes.
Mehemet Bey mistakenly believes.
Kharis has completed his task  and prepares to return.
John  suspecting him  pays him a visit  much to his surprise.
Mehemet Bey leads Kharis in a second attempt on John s life.
The mummy knocks.
Mehemet Bey deals.
Kharis then finds and chokes John.
Alerted  Isobel once again causes Kharis to release him.
He refuses and kills Mehemet instead.
When Mehemet orders Kharis to kill her.
When he tries to finish her.
The mummy carries an unconscious Isobel.
John yells.
She tells Kharis to put her down.
When she regains consciousness.
The mummy reluctantly obeys.
The policemen open fire  causing Kharis to sink  taking the Scroll of Life with him.
When Isobel has moved away.
<EOS>
Sam Dietz returns from up North and agrees to consult on a serial killer case.
Not wanting to be more involved changes however.
When the killer targets Dietz s latest love interest  thereby  forcing him to become actively involved.
The killer is someone.
He s arrested before.
<EOS>
A young wizard named.
Ged  the son  is having visions about a priestess named Tenar.
The Kargide king  Tygath  wants to unite the land and release diabolical demons called Nameless Ones.
That he can learn the secret.
He learns.
Who will rise up and could be a threat.
So he sends some men to attack Ged s village.
Ged uses a spell to create mist  causing them to fall over a cliff.
However  one knocks Ged off the cliff with him  sending both falling to their deaths.
Tygath tries to convince the high priestess  Thar  to help him release the Nameless Ones.
She refuses.
So  his lover  Kossil  tricks another priestess  Rosa   in the hopes.
She will name her and tell her the incantation.
A magus named.
Ogion arrives and is able to revive Ged.
He gives Ged his true name.
Contains his power  and takes him to train him.
However  Ged wants to learn magic quicker  so Ogion sends him.
There  he meets Jasper  the school bully  and becomes friends  Vetch.
Ged shapeshifts.
Who then challenges him to raise a spirit.
He accidentally releases a Nameless One.
Attempting to do so.
The archmagus tells him.
This Nameless One is extremely powerful and will become The Gebbeth  who will hunt him down and try to kill him.
He tells him to go somewhere.
Where The Gebbeth will not expect to look.
He can find his true name and destroy him.
Tygath attempts to invade Roke.
The archmagus confronts them.
He warns them not to attack.
However  Jasper helps Tygath gain entry.
Tygath stabs the archmagus.
The man turns out to be The Gebbeth.
Ged travels.
Who attacks him.
Ged shapeshifts and flies away  but collapses.
Where Ogion finds him and takes him.
He tells him.
The Gebbeth will chase him wherever he wants  and that he should go toward him instead.
Ged accepts Ogion.
He leaves.
He encounters  The Gebbeth escapes.
The Gebbeth attempts to drown him  however.
The Gebbeth goes and kills a few people.
Vetch   uses his magic to find the murderer  giving the appearance.
Who is now a magus.
He goes and uses a magic spell on him.
He takes him.
Vetch realizes Ged is not possessed.
They decide to find The Gebbeth.
They are attacked by a dragon.
Ged uses the dragon s true name to bind him and ask him three questions.
The dragon tricks him.
He finds The Gebbeth s location.
The dragon tells him  so Ged instead asks.
He could save Earthsea.
Where the pieces are.
Meanwhile  Thar appoints the pure Tenar  and gives her the incantation.
Tygath is furious.
She kills Rosa   and frames Tenar.
Who was beginning to suspect that Kossil poisoned Thar.
Tenar is imprisoned.
Ged and Vetch go to Roke to find the amulet.
Roke is now.
He reveals himself to be the archmagus.
When Jasper leads them.
He reveals.
An object Ged was given back at the village is one half of the amulet.
The other is.
Ged and Vetch sneak  using magic to avoid being detected by Kargides.
Vetch gets by shapeshifting into a rat.
Ged is captured and brought.
Who mistakes him and has him imprisoned in the Labyrinth.
Immediately after  Kossil continues asking.
Who Thar s successor is going to be.
Thar realizes.
Kossil killed Rosa.
Ged is locked in the cell next to Tenar.
He is able to break out and open Tenar s cell.
They recognize each other.
Then  Tenar is brought.
Who threatens to kill her unless she reveals the incantation.
Tenar refuses.
Kossil tries to kill her  but is stabbed by Tygath as punishment for her failure.
Tygath has Tenar lead him.
Vetch finds his way first and is killed by The Gebbeth.
Ged encounters Tygath and fights him.
Tygath has the upper hand.
Ged runs.
Ged comes.
The Gebbeth s true name is Sparrowhawk  because he is the darkness.
Ged accepts this now.
The Gebbeth is absorbed to make him whole again.
Enabling him to gain the upper hand.
When he enters the tomb.
Tygath threatens to kill Tenar.
Ged makes her release the Nameless Ones.
Ged   tells Tenar to speak the incantation.
Who knows that this is the right thing to do.
The Nameless Ones are released  and kill Tygath.
They fly away to wreak havoc.
Ged is able to revive Vetch.
The same way Ogion revived him  and then reveals a part.
Ged and Tenar put the Amulet.
<EOS>
A busy housewife and mother  Madhu Saxena is upset.
When her husband forgets her birthday.
Her birthday only comes once every four years.
It is.
She decides to go shopping to celebrate the day and buys a car as well.
A mysterious stranger is a private detective.
She meets Raghav.
Who she thinks.
He does not dissuade her.
He is really a wanted forger who has been turned by his girlfriend Ria.
Needing cover  Raghav pretends to be following an unfaithful husband.
He can leave Mumbai.
Who is planning to murder his wife.
He agrees to accept Madhu s help.
They begin to feel attracted.
They pursue the non-existent husband.
Events become more complicated.
When Madhu realizes that he is not a detective and that he has been deceiving her.
Finally  Raghav decides to give himself up to her family.
<EOS>
The film follows the exploits.
Who is filming when the Paradorian President for Life suddenly dies of a heart attack.
Not wanting to lose his position  Roberto Strausmann forces Jack to take the ` role of a lifetime  - that of the dead president.
The two men look so much alike.
Jack accepts  eventually winning over the people and even the dead president s mistress  Madonna.
However   Jack needs to find a way to get out.
When paradise proves to be too boring.
The movie attempts to generate suspense.
Jack Noah is so long as he remains in Parador.
However  the film is told  with an opening scene establishing.
Jack has returned.
<EOS>
Ruth is a seventeen-year-old girl  torn between the comfortable trappings of her childhood home  and dreams of a more exciting and culturally satisfying life.
Enchanted  she awaits the results of her application to the best art college in Europe - the Paris School of Art.
She receives news.
<EOS>
Priam Farrel Roland Young is England s most famous living painter.
A recluse  he has not been seen  for years  not even his agent  or cousin.
Who hates fame.
He is glad to be mistaken by everyone  including his cousin.
When he returns.
He s happy to live a quiet country life with his manservant s mail order bride Lillian Gish.
<EOS>
Of Hopetown is a dramatic chronicle of travellers passing through a remote service station located in the Wheat Belt of rural Australia.
<EOS>
A group of American college athletes unknowingly board a train.
Will become one deadly ride.
The students are participating  they include Todd and his girlfriend Alex  Sheldon  Claire  and young assistant coach Willy.
They sneak away from their hotel to an underground club.
However  the next morning  they return too late to Odessa.
Coach Harris has stayed behind to wait.
A woman named.
Dr Velislava approaches and explains that train tickets are normally purchased after one has boarded.
The coach and team members join her.
Two workers take their passports  and later burn them.
The coach is joined by the doctor.
Who flirts.
They go.
She injects him.
The coach is seen in a torture chamber  screaming.
He is stitched.
Meanwhile  Todd has wandered down into  but turns out to be the quasi-torture chamber.
What he believes is a freight car.
Where the coach lies dead.
Todd is strung up and tortured horribly.
Sheldon is attacked by the two demented workers   his genitalia are cut off.
Who drag him.
He is stitched back up.
Willy and the girls are now searching the train looking.
Willy and Alex find the torture chamber  they free Sheldon.
Who is still alive.
Sheldon kills him.
When they see the vivisected Todd is still breathing.
Just then  the torturer arrives dragging.
Willy and Alex escape  chased.
Sheldon and Claire are left behind.
Alex and Willy are caught  they realize.
All the other passengers are transplant patients.
Tourists are being harvested.
Back  Claire is still alive despite having a huge iron hook driven through her jaw.
She  Alex  and Willy watch.
His heart pulled out.
Alex manages to escape and hide.
The captors go.
The next morning   the conductor drags Claire off the train to give to the platoon as a bribe.
The passengers watch.
The platoon feed her as the train pulls away.
That night the train reaches.
What appears to be a huge medieval hospital.
Alex  disguised  sneaks off  and soon finds Willy  horribly injured but still alive  chained to a bed.
They escape.
Alex leaves Willy behind briefly  but then from a distance.
She sees him brutally murdered.
Now determined  she returns.
Alex kills each  douses the train with gasoline and sets it ablaze.
She escapes down the tracks.
We see her some time later  about to enter a wrestling match with grim confidence.
<EOS>
Stanley Stupid is convinced.
Someone is stealing his trash.
He discovers and follows a garbage truck.
His children  Buster and Petunia think.
He was kidnapped and leave a note.
The note said  police kidnapped your kids.
While  Stanley overheard a meeting of corrupt army officials promising several foreign representatives large amounts of contraband.
Stanley poses.
Neidermeyer is convinced.
Stanley is a secret agent.
Shortly afterward  he tells Lieutenant Neal  one  to kill him.
Meanwhile  the children are brought home to discover.
Their mother is gone too.
They go.
The two find an advertisement.
There  Buster receives a fortune cookie.
Says Time flies when you re having fun.
Believing  the children go.
This is the Daily Times newspaper.
The computer prompts them.
Computer language is alien.
The computer then requests a picture.
Which they try to slide a photograph into the floppy drive.
The family reunites.
Stanley explains a conspiracy.
He discovered.
Years ago   he noticed.
Working. 
An inordinate amount marked return to sender.
Thinking sender was a person s name  he reported this.
Who promptly fired him.
He believes.
Mr Sender accumulates letters  has bribed the police.
The Stupid s children suggest looking  and find a Charles Sender.
Who works.
They split up and sneak in.
Buster and Joan find a display  ending at an elevator.
Had buttons.
Believing it to be a time machine  Buster presses several random numbers and the letters B and C.
The elevator takes them.
Buster writes his name  believing.
It will be the first thing humans will read.
Petunia and Stanley  meanwhile  enter Sender s office and find his daily planner.
They enter a planetarium.
Suddenly  the planetarium show begins.
They are discovered.
Who they take.
The family reunites again.
Stanley and Petunia tell Joan and Buster.
Sender was going.
The studio kicks them out.
Neidermeyer realizes.
Stanley has nt been assassinated when he sees him.
He kidnaps Stanley and brings him.
His family follow but are not allowed.
Stanley is tied and interrogated  but refuses to give away anything.
One spits a wad of chewing gum on the floor.
When he is about to be beaten.
Remembering the museum janitor s words  he finds the strength to escape and rejoin his family.
Stanley tells.
He heard that will take  place Warehouse.
Arriving  they sneak in to discover huge stores of weapons.
They order the corrupt officials to surrender  and soon find themselves.
They manage to get the police s attention.
A series struggles.
All the corrupt officers are arrested.
Stanley approaches Sender and tells him he needs to turn his life away.
Thinking these are road directions  Sender thanks him.
They find Neidermeyer waiting to kill them.
When the Stupids return home.
Neidermeyer tells them.
He can pull the trigger.
No guardian angel can save them  at which point the takeout-delivery man Joan called earlier barges  knocking him out with the door.
The family believes.
Delivery man to be working.
Meanwhile  a nose-picking alien passes an edition of the newspaper Joan.
The children were in earlier.
They set off to Earth to kill him.
The film ends.
Stanley is grilling hamburgers outside.
Buster says.
He wants to try  at which point the aliens appear.
Oblivious tries to explain to Buster.
He is too little to do it.
He inadvertently sets the aliens on fire.
They teleport away.
<EOS>
A romantic melodrama depicting the extramarital dalliances.
Who works.
Oh Sun-young accepts a job to supplement her husband s small income as a professor.
Their next door neighbor frequently professes his attraction.
She allows him to teach her dancing and introduce her.
Her boss  husband also begins a flirtation.
Escalates. 
Meanwhile  her husband faces a strong attraction he teaches for secretaries  frequently staying out late walking with her.
He resists her request to take matters further.
Her neglect  coupled with anonymous warnings  result in her being thrown out of the home - the film closes with her weeping outside the gate.
Her husband receives.
Her husband and son look on.
<EOS>
Laurel and Hardy are.
They drive.
They can sell any.
Stan suggests they catch their own fish and keep all the profits.
Ollie likes the idea.
They buy a boat.
They succeed in fixing it up.
The whole operation goes south.
When the boat is finally ready.
When they decide to hoist the sail.
<EOS>
Marley Corbett  a carefree woman  learns.
She has terminal cancer.
She is told the news.
Who is deeply impressed.
Marley accepts the news.
The movie opens up.
Clues are shown  unexplained weight-loss  etc.
The movie unfolds.
She learns.
She is suffering.
There are scenes.
Show how carefree Marley s life once was.
Marley thought.
She had everything she could ever want  living in a state of dreamy eternity.
Marley makes an appointment.
God appears.
Played. 
Marley makes three wishes  money  to fly and a third.
Is later revealed.
Marley and Julian find themselves falling in love  and doing their best to make the most of the time.
They have left.
<EOS>
A variation s classic The Housemaid.
The lives are thrown into turmoil.
When a young woman comes to work.
<EOS>
Therese is living to Bernard  a dull  pompous man.
Whose only interest is preserving his family name and property.
They live.
Early her only comforts are her fondness for Bernard s pine-tree forest.
Was her primary reason.
Her love.
She slipped away from Bernard s bed to throw away a letter from Anne.
Which Anne expressed her love.
Later   Therese feels a sense.
When Jean leaves Anne.
However  Anne soon leaves.
Desperately lonely and trapped  Therese accidentally learns.
An increase makes him ill.
Therese begins  taking advantage of his hypochondria and forgetfulness.
Anne nurses Therese s unwanted baby.
Eventually she tries to poison him.
The dose is nt fatal.
Therese s forged prescriptions are then discovered.
Therese is arrested.
Bernard refuses to press charges.
She is acquitted.
When Bernard perjures himself at the trial and her politically influential father bribes a court official.
She tries to think of an explanation to offer to Bernard.
Unable to give Bernard a proper explanation  she allows Bernard to place her.
He locks her and allows her only cigarettes and wine.
She slowly wastes away.
Much later  he frees her.
Which the family gathers to meet Anne s new husband.
Their friends are shocked.
Bernard then moves her.
Still hoping to learn the motives  he listens to further explanations.
He can not understand.
The movie recounts the circumstances.
Led. 
<EOS>
Prehistoric  aquatic dinosaur coming out.
Greely apparently feeds live victims.
Greely catches them a pistol at them  attempting to force them down in there to be eaten.
Norman attacks him and tries to overpower Greely.
The pistol falls.
Greely tells him.
It wo nt do him any good  and leaves.
Norman rushes down to get the pistol.
The monster kills him.
He gets the chance.
Greely  but the monster kills and eats Norman.
He can do so.
Bella arrives and reveals  he kidnapped her and abused her.
She is not Greely s housekeeper.
She agreed to do.
Whatever he told her to do to avoid being killed.
Wayne convinces Bella to help them.
Wayne remembers.
He has some dynamite.
He asks Bella to sneak upstairs and bring back some.
Greely becomes suspicious.
He drugs the coffee.
She brings.
Leela and Wayne are overcome.
He retrieves it.
When Wayne comes.
Greely intervenes and threatens to feed Leela.
She will not willingly become his new servant.
Bella  having heard.
He plans to dispose and gets down there.
Greely recovers his pistol and shoots Wayne.
Wayne overcomes Greely and knocks him unconscious.
Bella ignites the dynamite and explains to Greely.
She plans to blow up the cave to kill both the dinosaur and Greely.
Greely grabs his pistol and kills her  right as the monster is about to kill Greely.
The dynamite explodes  collapsing the cavern and burying the dinosaur and Greely.
Wayne and Leela escape to an unknown future.
The title screen ends  The End.
<EOS>
Karl Von Austreim lives with his German father and American mother.
He notices a young lady  Angela Moore.
She receives flowers.
She is celebrating her birthday.
They are interrupted.
Who also gives her a present.
They soon battle.
To lose his competition  Count Jules arranges to be sent to Hamburg.
Where he will have to join his regiment.
Angela is crushed.
When he announces he has to leave.
The next day  Angela reads.
10000 Germans have been killed already.
Three months pass.
Karl is wounded.
Word spreads.
Germany will sink any ship which is thought to be carrying munitions.
Angela is aboard one.
When it is hit.
Angela saves herself.
Angela is eventually rescued.
The French fall back on Vangy.
Angela arrives as well to visit her aunt  only to discover.
She has died.
The Old Prussians are bombing the city.
Angela is requested to flee.
However  she is determined to stay to nurse the wounded soldiers.
Meanwhile  the Germans enter the chateau.
A French soldier tries to help Angela escape.
She is unwilling.
He next asks her to let a French soldier spy and inform the French via a secret hidden telephone.
Angela is afraid  but gives them permission.
The Germans are intent.
Who is the only person not to be hidden.
She reveals herself to be an American to save herself.
They do not believe her.
Angela attempts to run away and hide  but is discovered.
Who turns out to be Karl.
Angela orders.
Him to save the other women.
Karl responds.
He can not give orders.
She realizes.
There is nothing she can do.
She witnesses the execution of the French soldiers.
She is heartbroken and decides to go back.
Angela secretly calls the French and informs them.
There are three gun holders.
The French prepare themselves and attack the Germans.
The Germans realize.
Someone is giving the French information and Karl catches Angela.
He tries to help her escape.
They are caught.
The commander orders.
Angela be shot.
He is to sentenced to be executed as well.
When Karl tries to save her.
Face death  the French bomb the mansion  enabling Angela and Karl to escape.
They are too weak to run and collapse.
The next day  they are found.
They initially want to shoot Karl.
Angela begs them to set him free.
They eventually allow her to fly back with Karl by her side as a German prisoner.
<EOS>
Tess Skinner is the daughter.
She falls with wealthy Frederick Graves.
They soon marry.
They have to keep it secret.
Frederick s parents would never approve.
His parents later force him to marry heiress Madelene Waldersticker.
Too afraid  he acquiesces.
To tell them he already has a spouse.
Tess conceals his crime and meanwhile is pregnant.
She is thrown out.
When she refuses to tell who the betrayer is.
The middle-aged admirer Mr Young offers her protection.
She has no intention.
Frederick dies several years later.
<EOS>
The Order  a secret organization founded by Albus Dumbledore  inform the now 15-year-old Harry Potter  under the Ministry s influence  The Daily Prophet has launched a smear campaign against Harry and Dumbledore due to Harry s supposed encounter with Voldemort at the end of the previous year.
The Ministry is in denial of Lord Voldemort s return.
This encounter has had a huge psychological effect - he has nightmares not only about but also about the Department of Mysteries at the Ministry of Magic.
What happened.
12 Grimmauld Place  Harry s godfather  Sirius Black  mentions.
Voldemort is.
Harry learns.
Minister has appointed a new Defence Against the Dark Arts professor  Dolores Umbridge  a senior Ministry official who refuses to teach practical magic due to her belief that Dumbledore is forming a rebellion against the Ministry.
Umbridge and Harry immediately clash  I must not tell lies.
She refuses to believe that Voldemort has returned and forces Harry.
They are outraged.
When Ron and Hermione notice these scars.
Harry refuses to go to Dumbledore.
He has distanced himself since the summer.
Ron and Hermione aid Harry in forming a secret group to train students in defensive spells  calling themselves Dumbledore s Army.
The Slytherin students are recruited to uncover the group.
Meanwhile  Harry and Cho Chang develop romantic feelings and begin a relationship during Christmas  Cho being Harry s first kiss at the last DA meeting before the holidays.
However  Harry discovers.
His behaviour is becoming erratic and possibly more similar.
Harry has a vision involving an attack  from the point of view of Arthur s attacker.
Fearing Voldemort will exploit his connection  Dumbledore instructs Professor Snape to give Harry Occlumency lessons to block his mind from Voldemort s influence.
These lessons increase Harry s psychological problems.
He is forced to relive everything bad that has ever happened.
Harry got annoyed at.
What he saw and requested a break.
Snape refused and forced Harry to continue the lesson.
This only got.
The spell reversed by Harry where Harry sees the Vision on why Snape hates his father  James  who often had bullied him.
The connection leads Harry to distance himself from everyone.
He pushes not only Ron and Hermione but Ginny  Neville  the Weasley twins and Luna away.
He feels so angry all the time.
Bellatrix Lestrange  Sirius  deranged cousin  escapes.
Umbridge and her Inquisitorial Squad uncover Dumbledore s Army after illegally interrogating Cho with Veritaserum.
Dumbledore covers up  but escapes as Fudge orders his arrest.
Umbridge becomes the new Headmistress.
Harry s relationship falls apart  mostly due to Cho having betrayed Dumbledore s Army to Umbridge.
W.
L.
Exam  the Weasley twins revolt and set off fireworks  causing chaos for Umbridge.
Harry has a vision of Sirius being tortured by Voldemort within the Department of Mysteries.
Harry  Ron and Hermione rush.
It is the only one.
Umbridge stops them.
They can do so.
Hermione deceives Umbridge.
When she threatens to use the Cruciatus Curse to get information out.
She and Harry lead her only to be confronted by centaurs.
Who kidnap Umbridge after she attacks them.
Harry says  Sorry  Professor.
When Umbridge tells Harry to make the centaurs let her go and that she means no harm.
I must not tell lies.
Harry  Hermione  Ron  Luna  Neville and Ginny fly of Magic on Thestrals in an attempt to save Sirius.
The six enter the Department  the object Voldemort was after.
Where they uncover a prophecy.
However  they are ambushed.
Lucius reveals  it was not an actual situation.
Harry only saw a dream being tortured.
Lucius attempts to persuade Harry to give him the prophecy  telling him it will reveal.
Voldemort could not kill Harry when he was an infant.
Harry refuses.
A fight ensues.
The Death Eaters take everyone as hostages  threatening to kill them.
He does not surrender the prophecy.
Harry obliges.
As Sirius and Remus Lupin arrive.
They attack.
The Death Eaters and Lucius drops the prophecy  destroying it.
Harry and Sirius duel him.
Bellatrix kills Sirius.
As Sirius defeats Lucius.
Harry goes after Bellatrix.
Who runs away continuously saying I killed Sirius Black.
Harry chases and corners Bellatrix and attempts to torture her with the Cruciatus Curse  but to little avail.
Voldemort appears.
Dumbledore arrives.
Voldemort can kill Harry.
A duel ensues.
Bellatrix escapes.
Voldemort possesses Harry to try to get Dumbledore to sacrifice Harry in the hope of killing him.
The two prove evenly matched.
The love Harry feels.
His friends and Sirius makes it impossible to remain in his body.
Ministry officials arrive  Fudge is forced to admit.
Voldemort has returned and resigns.
Dumbledore returns.
He and Harry are vindicated.
Dumbledore explains.
He distanced himself all year hoping it would lessen the risk of Voldemort using their connection.
Harry comes  Neither can live.
The other survives.
Harry tells his friends.
Even though a war is beginning   they have something worth fighting for.
<EOS>
The Scorpion King leads his army on a campaign to conquer the world.
Seven years later  the Scorpion King and his army are defeated and exiled.
His men die  leaving only the Scorpion King.
Vowing to give Anubis his soul  an oasis is created to hide the Scorpion King s pyramid and giving him a legion of demonic  humanoid jackal warriors to seek revenge.
The Army sweeps across Egypt  destroying everything in its path.
Anubis claims the Scorpion King s soul and his army.
Their task is finished.
Rick and Evelyn OConnell explore a ruined mortuary structure in the ancient Egyptian city of Thebes with their son  Alex.
They find the Bracelet.
Alex puts on the bracelet.
Provides him.
Alex has seven days.
To reach the oasis.
The bracelet will kill him the moment.
The rays shine on the Scorpion King s pyramid  at that point the Scorpion King and his army will also reawaken.
Alex is captured.
Who have resurrected Imhotep.
Would give him command.
The cult  led  includes a warrior named Lock-Nah and Meela Nais  the reincarnation of Imhotep s love.
The OConnells set out to rescue Alex  accompanied Jonathan and the Medjai Ardeth Bay.
Rick s associate  Izzy  a pilot  provides the group transportation.
The bracelet gives Alex visions  directions to Ahm Shere.
The cult follows.
Alex leaves clues for his parents.
Who follow.
Imhotep uses the Book to give Meela Nais the soul of Anck-su-namun but by doing.
He also allows Evelyn to unlock the memories.
Lock-Nah discovers  so Imhotep makes a wall.
Alex has been leaving clues.
Attacks the dirigible.
The OConnells crash.
Izzy stays.
The OConnells attack the cult.
Both groups are attacked.
Rick retrieves Alex.
Ardeth Bay kills.
They escape.
Kill most except for Baltus.
Imhotep and Anck-su-namun are unharmed due.
Anck-su-namun being the keeper.
Rick and Alex run  barely making it before sunrise.
The bracelet detaches.
Ardeth regroups the army of Anubis rises.
Anck-su-namun stabs Evelyn and kills her.
Rick  grieving  pursues Imhotep.
Baltus puts and revives the army of Anubis.
Anubis takes his powers  wanting Imhotep to fight.
Imhotep walks.
Rick finds Imhotep summoning the Scorpion King.
They fight.
The Medjai engage the army.
The Scorpion King interrupts Rick and Imhotep s fight.
Imhotep tells the Scorpion King.
He is the Scorpion King s slave.
Rick was sent to kill him.
The Scorpion King kills Baltus.
Jonathan and Alex collaborate to steal the Book from.
Alex uses the book to resurrect Evelyn.
Who duels.
Alex and Jonathan go to help Rick.
It is revealed.
The scepter that Jonathan has been carrying extends.
The Medjai seemingly defeat Anubis  army  but see.
They have only defeated the vanguard.
The full army is charging.
However   Rick succeeds.
The Anubis warriors hit the Medjai lines.
The Scorpion King s death causes Anubis to turn the oasis back.
The oasis is being sucked.
Rick and Imhotep are hanging.
Leads. 
Evelyn risks her life to save Rick  but Anck-su-namun refuses to save Imhotep.
Who is.
He lets go to his death.
Anck-su-namun  running away  falls into a scarab-filled pit.
Where she is bitten and suffocated.
The OConnells reach the top.
Is being sucked.
Izzy arrives and saves the OConnells.
Jonathan grabs the diamond.
Ardeth Bay salutes them.
They fly over him.
<EOS>
A week is keenly anticipating his graduation  but is putting more effort into running the various student committees - - than studying for his examinations.
Of which he chairs.
He attempts to offload some of the work  and asks Kathryn Land to be his private secretary  much to the chagrin of his steady girlfriend Polly Benedict.
Kathryn s brother Harry takes.
The father  a down-on-his-luck international travel expert  is helped in the US State Department to find a better job.
Andy is devastated.
When he miserably fails his English examination  which means he can not graduate.
He admits his failure and resigns from all committee work.
Andy s attempt to help his friends attend commencement results -- the father s job offer is rescinded.
But his friends persuade the school principal.
The school rules allow him to retake the exam  given his high quality work.
He passes - but only just.
All ends well.
Andy graduates and is given a new car  Kathryn sings at the ceremony  Harry wins the Governor s Prize and is offered a job.
Their impoverished father Steven Land gets a job.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Chandran is a circus performer.
Thankam  a beautiful 17 year old girl  is his childhood sweetheart.
But  Thankam s mother Kalyani Amma forbids her to prolong her affair.
She wants Thankam to marry Gopi  a well known bully.
Thankam s father Paithal Nair  however rejects this proposal.
But  everything goes wrong.
The circus shifts.
The circus people owed some money.
They were unable to pay.
Kalyani Amma and Nair decide to hold the circus animals hostage.
The circus manager repays his debt.
Managing the animals soon becomes.
A nightmare and Paithal and family realize they have invited trouble.
Paithal Nair is and has no other way.
To accept the marriage proposal.
What will happen.
<EOS>
Miguel s life changes completely.
When his wife starts a romance.
He is a psychiatrist.
One steals his wallet.
He meets the patient s sister  Jasmina  an outspoken hairdresser.
When he goes.
They fall.
Everyone ends happily.
<EOS>
Andrew Dad McQuade  a tough farmer  faces ruin.
He can not repay.
He decides to sell a fifty acre field called ` Possum Paddock.
However  Hugh Bracken   sells his car to pay off the old man s debts.
Who is dating McQuade s daughter  Nancy.
He then discovers and is worth a fortune.
A railway is to go.
<EOS>
Peter Brock is the head working on developing a new recording medium in the hope of giving the company an edge over its Japanese competitors.
The research team are moving at Taskerlands  an old Victorian mansion.
Has been renovated to act.
They learn from estates manager Roy Collinson.
The refurbishment remains uncompleted  the builders having refused to work in it on the grounds that it is haunted.
Curious  the researchers explore the room and hear the sounds.
One sees an image of a woman running up the steps in the room and falling  apparently to her death.
Inquiring  they learn.
A young maid died during Victorian times.
Brock postulates - this stone tape may be the key medium.
Somehow the stone has preserved an image of the girl s death.
He and his team have been charged.
Brock and his team move.
The stone tape works.
Brock s defeat is compounded.
When he is informed that they have lost confidence in his work and that the Taskerlands facility is to be shared with a rival research team working on a new washing machine.
Jill realises.
Cleaning up.
The recording was masking a much older recording  left many thousands of years ago.
Returning  she is confronted by a powerful  malevolent presence and  like the maid before her  falls to her death trying to escape.
Brock destroys all of Jill s records and makes a final visit to the room.
Where he discovers   that the stone tape has made a new recording - that of Jill screaming his name as she dies.
<EOS>
Will Rodman is a scientist.
Who has been trying to develop a cure and is testing a new gene therapy drug on chimpanzees.
The drug  a modified virus  mutates a chimpanzee  giving her a human level.
She later goes.
Is seen.
Chimpanzees Franklin discovers and was only protecting her baby.
When Will s boss Steven Jacobs subsequently orders chimp handler Robert Franklin to euthanize the remaining test.
The chimp had given birth.
Unable to bring himself to kill the baby chimp  Robert gives him.
Who takes him home to raise.
Will s father Charles.
Who is suffering.
Caesar has inherited his mother s high intelligence and develops quickly.
One day   Will takes him.
He frightens the children and receives a cut on his palm.
Where primatologist Caroline Aranha treats his injury.
Will begins to take Caesar to the redwood forest at Muir Woods National Monument.
Caesar begins to resent his status as a human pet.
Will tells him.
When Caesar questions his identity.
His mother was given a drug and that the reason is that the drug affected him while still in the womb.
Caesar becomes more aware and begins to view himself as different from his human family.
A desperate Will tests a sample.
His father s condition improves  but eventually his dementia returns.
Confused  he attempts to drive Hunsiker s car  and damages it  angering Hunsiker.
Caesar witnesses the confrontation and attacks Hunsiker  prompting authorities to place him.
Where he is treated cruelly.
Caesar escapes and frees.
A gorilla called Buck kept.
Caesar gains dominance over the other apes by beating the sanctuary s alpha chimp.
Will creates a more powerful form.
Boss Jacobs clears its testing.
Further increases their intelligence.
However  unbeknownst  it is fatal to humans.
Franklin is exposed and begins sneezing blood.
Attempting to contact Will  he accidentally infects Hunsiker.
He is then later discovered dead.
Will attempts to warn Jacobs.
Will quits his job.
When Jacobs refuses to listen.
Will bribes the elder Landon into releasing Caesar into his custody.
Caesar refuses to leave.
He later escapes.
Where he steals canisters and releases it throughout the cage area at the facility  enhancing the intelligence of his fellow apes.
The apes put an escape plan.
Landon s son Dodge attempts to intervene  leading.
Caesar shocks Dodge.
The liberated apes storm the city and release the remaining apes  as well as the entire ape population of a zoo.
A terrible battle follows.
The apes force their way to escape into the Redwood forest.
Buck sacrifices his life to save Caesar  jumping.
They try to shoot Caesar.
Buck damages the helicopter severely forcing it to crash.
A still alive Jacobs trapped is finally killed.
When Koba  an ape who had spent a lifetime being tested on  kicks the helicopter.
Will arrives and warns Caesar.
The apes find their way.
The humans will hunt them down  and begs him to return home.
Speaks like a human  telling him.
Caesar is home.
The final image shows the apes climbing  looking out over the Golden Gate Bridge and the San Francisco Bay.
Hunsiker arrives at his job as an airline pilot.
He sneezes out blood.
He is infected.
The camera pans.
<EOS>
Shanta is a beautiful village girl.
Her neighbour Vasanth loves her.
Kampanna Dora frequently raids and loots the inhabitants.
Jayanth is his main associate.
One day Jayanth attacks the village.
Wherein Shanta lives.
Shanta slaps him and argues convincingly.
Robbing the people.
Bad his way affects their livelihood.
This incident changes him and makes him leave his association.
He lives and trains the youth in fighting skills.
Gradually Jayanth and Shanta loves each other.
Unable to tolerate this Jayanth and Vasanth had a fight.
Vasanth accepts it and get them married.
When Shanta expresses her love.
The angry Kampanna attacks the village to destroy them.
Jayanth and his child were taken away.
Shanta suspects Vasanth s involvement.
Then Vasant goes and saves Jayanth and his child.
He loses his life.
<EOS>
The actor dies just.
Who annually plays Sinterklaas.
A mysterious new Sinterklaas named Jan replaces him.
Just a short while  he jumps into water to save a little girl.
Who falls.
Then he runs away and disappears.
He is found next day  and agrees to appear in television shows on knowing.
Playing Sinterklaas is a paid job.
He becomes quite popular.
Klaasje has left her husband Dennis.
He cheated with a young and attractive elementary school teacher.
Dennis wants her back.
His chances seem to plummet.
When she has a fling.
Klaasje s best friend Simone  the mother rescued by Sinterklaas  is the linchpin in her family.
Her husband Ted often feels redundant.
He loses his job.
He is afraid to tell his dominant wife.
Swimming instructor Victor looks forward.
But Kees has doubts and fears.
He walks away without saying ` yes.
Victor s sister Kiki  a saleswoman  has always dreamt of a Prince Charming.
Kiki almost runs into Crown Prince Valentine  while driving a horse carriage.
Kiki is dressed.
The prince takes her.
She tries to get down.
Prince Valentine falls with her.
Next morning he visits De Bijenkorf to see Kiki.
But Kiki desists  and rejects him on the grounds.
He will not take her seriously.
To still come with her  Prince Valentine dresses as Black Peter  does antics at De Bijenkorf for work.
He offers to drop her home and ends up having a wild night with her.
The next morning  however  he sneaks away without saying goodbye to Kiki.
Kiki follows him and confronts him.
It turns out.
Kiki knew all along that Prince Valentine was playing Black Pieter but just wanted to see how far he would go.
They end up kissing each other.
The Jan again runs away before his appearance in the show.
He is spotted.
Who recognizes him to be the one who had rescued his daughter.
Ted invites Jan  dressed  for a beer to his house.
All the children slowly flock around him as word secretively spreads among them.
He is there.
The television crew also eventually comes there.
He speaks candidly about his life and his regrets.
He also tells.
The name is Kees and that he left his son while his son was three.
The 5th December Special TV show comes.
Sinterklass is seen walking out.
All the couples are shown one to have found out.
He walks and looks around.
What to do.
Having found his father  Kees drives with Victor to meet him.
They come.
They were driving.
The movie ends  dressed as Sinterklaas  embracing Kees.
Plot Outline Dutch Wikipedia.
<EOS>
Archibaldo de la Cruz is a wealthy Mexican man.
He witnessed the death of his governess.
Who died as she told him a fable.
His mother had just given him.
A young Archibaldo concludes.
He had killed the woman using the music box.
It is.
His desire to kill begins.
Archibaldo relates this story to a nun  and threatens to kill her with a straight razor.
The terrified woman runs  eventually running into an empty elevator shaft to her death.
Archibaldo is called.
He confesses.
He is responsible.
Patricia Terrazas  is rather loud and constantly.
Archibaldo follows her and offers to drive her home.
She accepts.
He fantasizes of killing her with his straight razor  but is interrupted.
When her lover arrives home.
The next morning a police officer arrives  with news.
Patricia had committed suicide.
Next  Archibaldo turns his attention.
Who outwardly appears very religious  and is purported to be a virgin.
However  she is having an affair.
Archibaldo approaches her saying.
He is very conflicted.
He thinks  and proposes to marry her.
Carlota can fix his problems.
Archibaldo pursues another woman  Lavinia.
Whom he met.
Lavinia works  and also shows American tourists around town.
Archibaldo invites Lavinia under false pretenses.
He tells her.
When they met  she reminded him being consumed by flames.
He plots to strangle her and burn her  but unexpectedly  the doorbell rings.
It is Lavinia s tourist friends  the gringuitos.
Lavinia has a disappointed Archibaldo take them.
Lavinia says.
When they leave.
She must go as well  and that she can not see Archibaldo again because she is getting married.
Carlota comes.
As this is happening.
But Archibaldo soon learns  and is displeased.
He fantasizes.
She is praying.
The wedding goes  however  her jilted ex-lover ends up shooting her instead.
The judge says.
Archibaldo has committed no crimes  and that merely thinking is not a crime.
Archibaldo   is deemed innocent.
Archibaldo takes a walk.
If to be processing this unexpected reaction.
He then throws his music box  and moves on.
He runs.
Whose marriage did not work out.
The two walk together.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The narrative takes place.
When Louis XI was.
The king s forces are attacked.
Beauvais must be defended.
Reinforcements can arrive.
The defence is led by Jeanne Hachette.
There are realistic scenes.
Which wolves attack some.
<EOS>
Professor Mamlock  a successful and respected Jewish surgeon  does his best to ignore the political crisis.
He is greatly troubled.
Who is determined to resist the strengthening Nazi Party.
Mamlock is forced to leave his clinic.
When the Nazis seize power and brutally crush all opposition.
Jews are no longer allowed to practice medicine.
He is dragged by SA men.
Who emblazon his doctor s robe.
Mamlock  broken and humiliated  attempts suicide   an SA man arrives and convinces him to operate once more  to save the life of a high-ranking Nazi  promising.
His rights will be restored.
But Mamlock s hopes are frustrated.
When a Nazi activist convinces the other doctors to blame him for various misdemeanors he did not commit.
His son Rolf and another communist are arrested and brutally tortured.
They escape and are hunted down.
The SA besiege them.
When they hide.
A large crowd gathers.
The Nazis intend to shoot.
Professor Mamlock   carries a speech calling to resist  having finally realized.
Who hears the commotion.
His political apathy was a mistake.
The SA kill him.
Rolf   becomes leader.
Who has escaped.
<EOS>
J.
R.
Is a typical Italian-American young man.
He decides.
When he gets involved.
He wants to get married and settle down.
He can not handle it.
When he learns that she was once raped.
More explicitly linked  we see.
What happens.
R.
When his religious guilt catches up.
<EOS>
Daffy  introduced along the desert  the population sign changes immediately.
They come.
When someone gets shot.
Daffy notices.
The last sheriff is shot.
The town needs a new sheriff.
Daffy picks a sheriff badge out into town on his horse Tinfoil  with Porky following behind on his small mule.
The commentator warns the viewer that  this film is literally stuffed with every western cliche ever done.
That is illustrated and spoofed as  then their chase resumes.
When a man is firing guns chasing another man  both stop so a second pair can cross.
Two riders approach one another peacefully when the horses recoil in anger and begin shooting at each other.
Other scenes include a holdup.
Daffy is about to take a drink at the bar.
When Nasty Canasta walks.
Daffy tries to intimidate Canasta.
Canasta just bites off most and swallows it.
Canasta then threateningly orders Daffy two  a drink made of various poisons and toxic materials like cobra fang juice  hydrogen bitters and old panther.
Canasta downs the drink.
Daffy downs a third as well.
When Daffy gets Porky to take the second drink.
A few seconds later  Daffy and Porky exhibit wild side effects.
Mary had a Little Lamb.
They re both motorized.
Daffy s bullets shooting a hole.
He falls.
Daffy sternly says.
I hate you.
Eventually  Daffy challenges Canasta.
Daffy and Canasta start walking.
When Porky takes matters by winding up a small British soldier doll and letting it go towards Canasta.
Canasta picks up the doll  chuckling   sending Canasta.
The doll points its gun and fires.
The rest rush over to Porky.
Canasta defeated.
Daffy is still pacing his way.
Daffy finally notices the adoration given to get their attention.
Porky is now the town sheriff.
Daffy reiterates his claim - he s a sanitation worker.
He d clean up this one-horse town.
Porky remarks  Lucky -LSB- Daffy.
It is a one-horse town.
<EOS>
A woman had a boyfriend and was going to get engaged.
But her father thought.
He was poor and tried to use a gun.
63 Years later  moving  Roxy Hunter  an irrepressible nine-year old  stumbles into a weird world of unsolved mysteries and the unknown.
She calls her fiance.
<EOS>
The Goonies  a group  face foreclosure on their families  homes from the expanding Astoria Country Club.
Their morale sinks particularly low due to Mikey s older brother having failed his driver s license exam  thwarting their plans to cruise the coast in style during their last Goonies weekend.
They find an old newspaper clipping  a Spanish map  and an artifact relating but not forgotten pirate treasure somewhere in the area.
Rummaging. 
Hearing the call  Mikey tries to persuade his friends to join him in search for the treasure hoarded by a pirate named One-Eyed Willie.
Initially reluctant  the group eventually decides to evade the authority and escape for one last Goonie adventure.
They then head down the coast and stumble.
Seems to match coordinates set.
The Fratellis  a family  are using the restaurant as their hideout.
The Goonies come back and discover their criminal intents  and send Chunk  the group s clumsy  heavy-set dreamer and teller of tall tales  to get help.
The Fratellis have left.
However  the Fratellis return.
They can leave  forcing the Goonies to use a cavern.
The Fratellis capture Chunk and interrogate him  learning nothing.
A pack burst out of the cavern beneath the restaurant.
Chunk is placed.
The rest enter the cavern and follow the Goonies  trail.
Mikey discovers.
The Goonies traverse the cavern.
It matches up and convinces the rest of the group to continue to follow it to find the treasure.
They overcome many deadly traps set  and eventually arrive at a large underground cavern and a lagoon.
Where Willie s ship  the Inferno  lies waiting.
Mikey finds Willie s skeleton  and reverently acknowledges him  leaving part of the treasure with him as tribute.
Others begin to fill their pockets.
However   they are caught.
The Goonies exit the hold.
Who take their treasure and force the kids to walk the plank.
The Goonies are saved.
Who help the rest.
No longer a threat  the Fratellis ransack the rest of the ship  including the share of the treasure Mikey left for Willie.
This sets  causing the cave to begin collapsing.
The Goonies flee in the cave  finding themselves on a beach.
Two passing policemen spot them and call in.
The Goonies are soon reunited.
The Fratellis are arrested.
Chunk offers to take Sloth.
Rosalita  the Walshes  maid  discovers.
The Astoria Country Club calls.
Mikey s marble bag contains a large handful.
Mikey s father quickly estimates.
Its value is more than enough to save everyone s homes.
They spot the unmanned Inferno  now free  sailing away.
The families celebrate.
<EOS>
Agnes and Jochen are two young actors.
Who meet and fall while appearing in a Berlin production of Nathan the Wise.
Agnes is drawn to the communist cause  and begins acting in East German films.
Her husband views.
His wife can not bring herself to follow him  viewing the play.
When Jochen decides to accept a role.
They decide.
Jochen becomes a celebrated star  but slowly realizes  he sees.
Not all is well.
Former influential Nazis are rehabilitated.
An anti-war demonstration brutally dispersed.
The two reunite and move.
<EOS>
Helen Leonard has a beautiful voice.
She trains to become an opera singer.
She grows up.
Her instructor  however  informs her.
Her voice is pleasing  but not suitable.
Returning home one day  she and her grandmother are saved.
Meanwhile  Helen s mother  Cynthia  has political aspirations  but only receives a handful.
Helen is overheard.
Singing one evening.
Who hires her to sing.
She is given a new name  Lillian Russell  and quickly rises as the toast of New York.
Lillian becomes one.
The years pass.
She has many suitors.
She eventually marries Edward.
They move.
Where Gilbert and Sullivan are writing an operetta especially.
Alexander Moore returns and makes a contract to write stories about her rise to fame.
But tragedy soon strikes.
When Edward dies one evening.
Lillian cancels the interviews and makes an appearance  singing the song her husband composed for her  Blue Lovebird.
Lillian returns and is  by this time  the greatest stage attraction of the century.
Alexander returns once more to see Lillian.
The two are happily reunited.
<EOS>
A struggling musician has developed feelings for a beautiful young woman.
Whom he has never met  but only observed.
Disheartened  Jude is encouraged to track her down.
Whose ulterior motives are only gradually revealed as the film progresses.
His quest eventually takes him.
Where his friend Billy introduces him  three musicians with whom he will have three conversations about romantic love.
Jude s frustration mounts.
Clues abound that the beautiful young woman is within his reach.
He discovers that his reality is anything but what it seems.
<EOS>
Paul is a minor bureaucrat.
Where he lives in a modern high-rise apartment building.
He is generally bored.
He is well educated and professionally ambitious.
He can not relate.
She is repeatedly unfaithful  even bringing men home.
When Paul is away.
Paula  a grocery store cashier and single mother  lives in a run-down  prewar building directly across from Paul s modern.
Having thrown  she is seeking more happiness in her tedious life.
Paul and Paula meet and instantly connect.
Paula falls with Paul and pursues him passionately.
He desires her  but is reluctant to endanger his career and his marriage.
Paul realizes.
When one is killed in an accident.
Paula is more important.
She is so crushed.
She rejects him.
Seeking security  she seriously contemplates.
Marriage must go to great lengths to win Paula back.
Ultimately  he succeeds.
They move  but she dies giving birth to their child.
<EOS>
Azhagar  son  is tempted to take bad habits seeing his father in his younger days.
Azhagar along lead a carefree life involving in petty crimes.
Unfortunately they hold responsibility ` ssister.
Viruman hires a contract killer Pandi.
Who is to educate his young brother.
Whats happens.
This forms the climax.
<EOS>
The CIA  the KGB and the Mossad scheme.
To eliminate Gabriel Lee  a former CIA agent who defected but left Eastern Europe to travel to Israel.
He seeks his old mentor Sam Lucas.
Lucas is now running an antiquities store with his mistress Deborah.
Who was Gabriel s former lover.
<EOS>
The film is an autobiographical account  however the names have been changed.
The story is narrated typing the story on a computer and reflecting on the story.
Defines them  which shapes who they are.
His mother Rose Hong was a nightclub singer.
Son Tom.
An opening montage shows Rose making several unsuccessful attempts to establish herself with Chinese partners before moving in with Bill again.
The story begins seven years  with the family returning to Bill s house in Melbourne.
Bill s mother  Norma   has moved.
Who is disapproving.
Rose and Norma struggle.
When Bill leaves.
Soon  Rose begins to have an affair.
Who is.
He moves.
Who tells Norma he is her aunt s son.
Rose and her children are eventually kicked out.
When Norma finds Joe.
Rose settles after renting a place from a Chinese man.
Their relationship begins to break down.
Rose attempts suicide  however May and Joe discover an affinity.
Develops. 
Rose  believing  beats her and curses her.
May is trying to take Joe away.
May   also attempts suicide and Rose also ends up in despair.
However  the mother and daughter are reconciled and lost her first two daughters.
Rose tells May the story and traumatic experiences in her childhood  where she was forced into a marriage.
The relationship collapses.
The family once again returns  with Norma moving out.
One afternoon  Tom blocks himself completely.
When Tom is walking home.
Rose   has had her dream shattered  and is contemplating returning to Hong Kong.
When Tom abruptly tells her his apathy.
The film culminates  Of all the things I remember about my childhood  this is.
What I remember the most.
The eight-year-old Tom wakes up early and enters to find.
Rose has hanged herself.
Bill receives a phone call later.
She does not die initially.
The epilogue shows the adult Tom and his sister May with her family returning to Bill s home.
He narrates again  recalling  but instead  wrote the story fully to understand.
He never shed a tear.
What has shaped him.
The real Tom  Tony Ayres  and his sister stayed after their mother s death.
May ends up marrying the teacher.
Who became their guardian soon.
<EOS>
Jackie notices and discovers.
The Gang s baseball equipment is missing.
Wheezer and Stymie were peddling it  along  from door to door.
Wheezer  Stymie  and Bologna arrive and try to sell a bunch of junk to a little girl named Shirley.
Stymie wanders off playing  and sets off a burglar alarm.
Jackie  Chubby  Mary Ann  and Farina arrive.
Chubby gets locked.
Police arrive to investigate and find the Gang there.
<EOS>
The plot involves John Ridgefield  a wealthy owner.
Nigel Patrick plays test pilot Tony Garthwaite  a successful fighter pilot.
Who is employed after marrying Susan  Ridgefield s daughter.
Tensions are accentuated by Garthwaite s dangerous job of test flying.
The film explores the company s hopes.
Garthwaite crashes and is killed.
Shocked.
His test pilots face.
Ridgefield approaches Peel.
Peel reverses his flight controls  allowing his plane to break the sound barrier.
Accepting  Susan changes her plan and takes her young son with her back to home and Sir John.
Her father cared.
<EOS>
Award-Winning film festival charmer  the awkward son of a rock legend  Duncan Christopher  works through the suicide of his father in the brutal underground world of karaoke.
<EOS>
The opening scene shows a prediction of.
What should happen.
It shows Naruto battling a monster  only to be impaled  killing him and the Nine Tailed Fox inside of him.
A funeral is held in Konoha  his home village.
Which Sakura Haruno  Rock Lee and Neji Hyuga are shown to attend  along.
Finally  the scene shows Tsunade looking out her window  asking.
` Everything is just decided.
The setting then returns.
Where a man named Yomi attacks a shrine to retrieve the spirit.
Yomi offers his.
He is lacking a body.
They can retrieve Moryo s original one.
The only threat is a priestess named Shion.
Who has the ability to seal his spirit away once more.
He raises a stone army.
His four subordinates go to eliminate Shion.
They are given special chakra creatures to enhance their strength.
To deal  Konohagakure sends out many advance teams to stall the stone army.
Naruto  Sakura  Lee and Neji are sent to guard Shion and deliver her.
Where Moryo s body is kept.
They fend off Shion s four would-be assassins  and  afterwards  Shion prophesies Naruto s upcoming death.
Shion s total acceptance  as well as her selfish attitude  provokes Naruto into antagonizing her.
They are again ambushed and  ultimately  Shion is killed.
They head.
This turns out to be a ruse  the dead Shion is actually her servant  Taruho  acting  by the use of Shadow Mirror Body Transfer Jutsu.
This jutsu was a technique passed down.
Shion explains.
Neji orders Naruto to escort Shion alone.
Her predictions work.
Naruto insists.
He will not die  and likewise will keep Shion safe.
Sakura  Lee and Neji defeat the assassins.
Where Moryo s body is kept.
Naruto holds the army back.
Shion heads inside to begin the sealing ritual.
Yomi is already inside.
Tricks Shion  allowing Moryo s spirit to reunite with his body.
Naruto comes to rescue her.
Shion uses her power to change Naruto s fate.
She is able to tap  intending to kill herself and Moryo to save Naruto.
Naruto stops her seconds  and creates a gigantic Rasengan by combining Shion s chakra with his.
Naruto drives the Rasengan and obliterates it.
Naruto asks Shion.
What she intends to do now.
She replies.
Moryo was a demon created  and that there is bound to be another Moryo someday.
She says.
She must continue the line.
Shion then asks Naruto.
He will help her  much.
Naruto  clueless as usual  agrees.
<EOS>
The film opens.
The leader  Viviane Abbott  initiates them.
She dubs the Ya-Ya Sisterhood  which they seal.
The film then moves.
Where Viviane s daughter  playwright Siddalee Walker  while overseeing production  gives an interview with a reporter from Time  mentioning her unhappy childhood as a major source of inspiration for her work.
The reporter sensationalizes Sidda s complaint  implying abuse and deep  dark family secrets.
Vivi reads the article and becomes extremely upset.
She calls Sidda.
Can only bang the phone on the table while crying.
She is dead.
Sidda  equally frustrated  also bangs her phone against the counter.
Vivi has hung up.
Much takes her mother s behavior as a declaration of all-out war.
Vivi takes down all the pictures  cuts her face out of family pictures  and mails the defaced pictures to Sidda  along with a copy of her will with Sidda s name marked out.
Sidda sends Vivi a newly-printed wedding invitation with the time and place cut out  plus torn-up tickets to her play.
They decide to take matters to resolve it.
When the Ya-Ya Sisters learn.
Led.
Denise Rose Necie Kelleher visit Sidda  then drug her  kidnap her  and take her back to Louisiana.
There they show her a scrapbook album  titled Divine Secrets.
Her mother has kept.
They believe they must reveal.
They explain her mother s experiences  depicted in flashbacks of their childhood  then as young women and mothers  including Sidda s own childhood.
Vivi s troubles include  encountering family racism  a bitter  jealous mother  and the loss of her true love  Teensy s brother Jack.
Who falsely accuses her with her father.
Who is killed.
She settles.
Who loves her  she heaps on him because he is nt Jack.
This is all well and good  but does nt change her opinion of her mother as a self-centered person unable to deal with her troubles.
She has unfairly inflicted to the point of needing psychotherapy.
Meanwhile  she tells Connor not to send out the wedding invitations.
Troubles him enough to come down to find her.
The Sisters then realize.
Sidda must be told Vivi s deepest  darkest secret to understand.
They try to persuade Vivi.
She must do this herself.
She does nt have the courage to tell her daughter.
They do it with Sidda s father present.
Vivi tells Connor herself.
The secret is.
Vivi eventually had a nervous breakdown  requiring a period.
Sidda finally understands.
The depth s suffering  and that she did nt have to waste money on therapy trying to find out why it was her fault.
She also recalls a happy memory   Vivi borrowed money to get the pilot to give one more ride.
When Sidda missed out because she was too scared but then changed her mind.
She took.
Sidda forgives her mother  and tells her she wants to have the wedding.
Vivi makes her daughter a Ya-Ya headdress.
The Sisters induct her.
<EOS>
Three strangers arrive on the same ship  Nick Cochran  a cynical-but-honest ex-serviceman  Julie Benson  an equally cynical  sultry night club singer  and Lawrence Trumble  a traveling salesman and contraband.
Who deals.
Corrupt police lieutenant Sebastian notifies casino owner and underworld boss Vincent Halloran.
Halloran has tipped off out to lure him into international waters.
He can be arrested.
Halloran assumes.
Only three strangers to choose.
Nick is the cop.
He tries to bribe a puzzled Nick to leave Macao.
Nick is interested and turns him down.
Halloran hires Julie  in part to find out.
What she knows.
Later  Trumble offers Nick a commission to help him sell a stolen diamond necklace.
However   Halloran recognizes it  he had sent the jewelry to be sold.
When Nick shows Halloran a diamond.
Now sure  he has the American taken prisoner for later questioning.
Nick is guarded.
Worried  Margie lets Nick escape  close behind.
Halloran is planning to dump her.
He tries to help Nick and is killed  mistaken.
When Trumble happens.
He tells Nick.
He dies.
He learns.
When Nick tries to get Julie to go away.
Halloran has invited her to Hong Kong.
Nick is able to dispose of Halloran s murderous henchman  Itzumi  and take the helm of Halloran s boat.
He steers and hands Halloran over to them.
<EOS>
Submersible pilot Toshio Onodera wakes up pinned in Numazu.
An earthquake wreaks havoc.
A rescue helicopter led saves him.
Aftershock triggers an explosion.
A young girl named Misaki.
Geologists around the world become concerned about Japan  one predicts.
The country will sink.
Japanese geoscientist Yusuke Tadokoro doubts the prediction and analyzes rocks in the Cook Islands.
Where he hypothesizes that the rock came after it split from Pangaea thousands of years ago.
Tadokoro realizes.
Japan will sink.
54 days.
Tadokoro reports his theory  recommending immediate action.
None are convinced.
He is ejected  but.
Before he angrily explains how Japan will sink  with the destruction of the Fossa Magna and the eruption of Mt Fuji as the climax.
The next day  Prime Minister Yamamoto goes to try arranging a resettlement for Japanese refugees and appoints a close colleague  Saori Takamori  as disaster management minister.
Tadokoro s predictions come to light   the Daisetsuzan volcano range bursts along with Mount Aso.
The eruption destroys Yamamoto s plane.
Kumamoto City s residents flee.
Takamori panics.
When she finds out.
Earthquakes and volcanic eruptions rock southwest Japan  affecting a large-scale evacuation now.
The government declares a state.
The economy collapses.
De facto Prime Minister Kyosuke Nozaki announces.
Japan will take five years to sink.
Takamori runs to Tadokoro s laboratory.
Where he proposes using experimental N2 explosives drilled to separate the land from the megalith pulling it down.
The minister   calls from drillships around the world.
Who is actually Tadokoro s.
Misaki  Reiko s family and the rest is evacuated.
Onodera confesses his true feelings and wants her to go to England with him.
An aftershock finally destroys the Kinki region.
The Tokyo evacuees are nearly killed  with people falling into the valley below.
Misaki is rescued.
They witness a crowded bridge collapse.
Yuki Tatsuya  Onodera s fellow submersible pilot  dies.
Onodera takes.
His place using an old submersible brought out and spends a night with Reiko before the operation.
A sudden landslide damages his submersible.
He locates the detonation module.
It is running.
Onodera uses all the remaining power to move and install the detonator.
Mount Fuji begins to erupt.
Toshio succeeds and calmly awaits his doom.
The warheads explode  creating a chain  saving Japan.
The success reaches Takamori aboard the amphibious carrier Shimokita.
Has been converted.
Her colleagues want her to do it instead.
She recommends that Nozaki address the refugees.
She announces and holds a moment in honor of Tatsuya and Onodera s sacrifice.
People can finally return.
Toshio s mother   is overjoyed.
Who wanted to remain until the end.
When she sees birds return - a sign.
Reiko rescues her family.
They look  before the credits start rolling  showing a new Japan.
<EOS>
During October 1993  England are playing the Netherlands in the World Cup qualifiers.
The Bosnian War is.
Refugees are arriving.
Football rivals and political adversaries all precipitate conflict and amusing situations.
Meanwhile  the lives are affected in different ways by an encounter with the refugees  one of the families improbably becomes involved with a Balkan refugee through the England vs Netherlands match.
<EOS>
Determined to make her young  blonde  and beautiful daughter  June  a vaudeville headliner  willful  resourceful  domineering stage mother Rose Hovick will stop to achieve her goal.
She drags June and her shy  awkward  and decidedly less-talented older sister  Louise.
She manages to secure them bookings on the prestigious Orpheum Circuit.
Years pass.
The girls no longer are young enough to pull off the childlike personae.
Their mother insists they continue to project.
June rebels and elopes  one of the dancers.
Who backs the act.
Devastated.
What she considers an act.
Not helping matters is the increasing popularity.
Leads. 
Mother and daughter find themselves.
Bookings scarce.
Where the owner offers Louise a job.
Louise unwillingly becomes her replacement.
When one is arrested for shoplifting.
Her voice is shaky.
Her moves tentative  but  she begins to gain confidence in herself.
Audiences respond.
She blossoms.
An entertainer billed  and eventually reaches a point where she tires of her mother s constant interference in both her life and wildly successful career.
Louise confronts Rose and demands she leave her alone.
Finally aware she has spent her life enslaved to be noticed  an angry  bitter.
Bewildered Rose stumbles and experiences a moment of truth.
Leads. 
<EOS>
Cab driver Stan slams.
Who gets up and walks away  leaving.
Obsessed  Stan hunts the ragtag figure through the city  discovering a trail of mangled  half-eaten victims  and an urban legend  Pusshead was a sewer worker.
Who came back.
Parents warn their children  But  Stan finds.
The shuffling zombie will get them if they stay out.
The body count rises.
The legend is alive and well  hungry.
<EOS>
The film is an account with the predominantly male patriarchal system in Egypt.
Released  the film captures much of the feminist sentiments of the 1960s and its widespread fervor in Egypt.
The film s protagonist  Aminia  played  is a young woman living with her aunt s family.
Includes her uncle and her cousin.
The men further reinforce the themes of male dominance in the film with their restriction on her life.
<EOS>
Eddie owns a London barber s shop and leads an apparently everyday life.
However  he has a secret second identity known to no-one but his assistant Ron - he is also one of England s public hangmen  called on periodically to travel to prisons around the country to perform judicial executions.
One evening  Eddie goes into a public house for a drink and meets the bedraggled Frankie  an aimless  world-beaten drifter.
The pair fall and are soon married.
Frankie s vagueness hangs unspoken over the relationship.
Eddie s father dies  leaving him the family barge business.
He hands over the barber s shop and takes over the business  setting up home with Frankie on one of the barges.
Eddie hires a Scandinavian seaman Olaf to work.
Soon the arrogant Olaf has Frankie.
She is attracted to him  but tries to deny her feelings.
Meanwhile Eddie is called away.
He can not explain.
Frankie increasingly finds herself struggling during Eddie s absences.
She pleads to stay with her.
When he is next called away  she begs him either not to go or to take her  but as neither is an option for Eddie.
Eddie is gone.
Shackle is unable to grant her request due.
Eddie returns unexpectedly early  and discovers Frankie and Olaf.
A fight ensues.
Which Eddie is knocked overboard and fails to resurface.
The police are called to events.
Olaf is arrested.
It is presumed that Eddie s body has been carried away.
Frankie commits suicide by shooting herself.
However  Eddie has managed to swim to shore and takes refuge.
Olaf is convicted and sentenced to hang.
Eddie and the alleged murder victim are one and the same.
He is unable to go through and confesses his identity at the last moment.
When the time comes however.
He returns and prepares to end his own life.
<EOS>
Four young Australian men and an ex-World War I veteran volunteer to fight and train over six months to become soldiers.
Who takes ten years.
They attend a cabaret then depart to go overseas.
<EOS>
Italian teacher Enrico Rosseni is having an affair of his lovely young students.
Learn. 
Outing the two lovers.
A fellow student is brutally murdered.
Now other female students are being targeted.
Rosseni is looking.
<EOS>
An orphaned girl and housemaid  Balamani is an ardent devotee.
Balamani takes care.
Who lives.
Unni Amma treats Balamani.
Unni Amma s grandson Manu comes to stay with his grandmother for a few days.
He leaves.
Balamani was shocked to see Manu.
She had seen him before as her groom.
They fall.
Manu s mother   asks him to marry her friend s daughter.
Who was unaware.
Manu discloses his wish.
His mother had taken the marriage preparations.
His decision to marry the housemaid was not welcomed.
Manu was forced to enter the marriage.
Was set.
Disheartened Balamani prays.
Unnikrishnan   consoles her and tells about a way tp enable her marriage.
Who was her neighbor boy.
Follow. 
They get happily married.
Later she realizes.
It was The Lord Himself who came to console her.
<EOS>
The movie is set.
Where the military government is abducting those opposed.
Cecilia  a dissident journalist  is kidnapped to join the ranks of the ` disappeared.
Cecilia had earlier published a provocative article over the disappearance of students protesting bus fares.
He realizes.
Her husband Carlos  a theatre director  begins to search frantically.
He has acquired psychic power that enables him to predict the future.
This not only puts him by those  it helps Carlos to foresee.
Who have also lost a loved one.
What happens.
Carlos visits the Naval Mechanics School  the notorious torture centre.
The movie has graphic images and torture scenes of Cecilia and her daughter Teresa.
The closing caption mentions.
Around 30000 Argentines disappeared.
<EOS>
Ibo is a young Turkish-German man.
Who is an aspiring filmmaker.
A clash ensues.
Ibo s German girlfriend  Titzi  announces that she s pregnant.
Ibo s father is upset.
Titzi is upset over his hesitance in taking on fatherly responsibilities.
Other themes are the competition  a gang trying to extort the owner of the kebab restaurant  Ibo s quest to make the first German Kung-Fu movie and the pursuit of both Titzi and her roommate of spots at a prestigious drama academy.
<EOS>
Ben Hall and his men raid the household of the Keightley family.
Who resist the attack.
A member of the gang  Mick Bourke  is accidentally shot by one of the bushrangers.
He begs Hall to put him out.
The Keightleys run out.
Hall and his men spend the night.
Hall offers to spare Mr Keightley s life and gives his wife eight hours.
He can raise #.
To ride thirty miles to Bathurst to collect the money.
She manages to accomplish this just.
Hall leaves the homestead alive.
Andrew Pike and Ross Cooper  Australian Film 1900-1977  A Guide Production  Melbourne  Oxford University Press  1998 .
<EOS>
This film is set.
Where few fertile men and women exist due and  as a result  the government places a high priority on those that can still breed.
A group capture a group of fertile women and are using them as sex slaves.
Before the movie opens.
Sam Hell is a nomadic traveler.
Who wanders the countryside.
He is eventually captured to a government in his region of the world.
Who reveal that they located him.
Their original plan was to use him.
It turns out.
This is the group captured.
The group presses Hell into service as a mercenary - he is to infiltrate the mutant city and rescue the women.
To make sure  he is forced to wear an electronic protective codpiece.
The rebellious Hell follows his orders.
Will explode if he disobeys or tries to abort his mission.
Having already taken numerous samples from him  he is now deemed far more expendable than the women themselves.
To aid him  he is paired with one of the nurses  Spangle  and an aggressive guardswoman named Cendrilla.
Hell tries numerous times to escape but is quickly shown.
The device Spangle carries will shock his genitals if used or if he gets too far away.
The pair grow closer during the journey and eventually fall in love.
Everyone involved is captured.
When they reach Frogtown.
A slightly drugged Spangle is forced to work.
The frog second-in-command tortures Hell and attempts to remove the codpiece.
Proving more successful  the nurse soon finds herself.
She had wished.
However   the escaped Hell rescues her along with the group of fertile women held captive.
<EOS>
The Wise Little Hen is looking for someone to help her plant her corn.
Peter Pig and Donald Duck.
Both feign belly aches to get out.
So  it herself.
Harvest time comes  again  Peter and Donald claim belly aches.
The hen sees.
She cooks up a variety  and heads over to Peter and Donald.
They already fake their belly aches.
She can open her mouth.
They are miraculously cured.
She asks.
All she gives.
Them is castor oil  to teach them a lesson.
<EOS>
Barbara Barry is the young daughter.
An accident separates Barbara and the girl masquerades as an orphan.
She attracts the notice.
Who put her  posing as their daughter.
The trio become an overnight success.
Barry hears his daughter.
The two are reunited.
Subplots involve a romance.
A crook trying to kidnap Barbara.
<EOS>
Dr Frankenstein s grandchildren.
Maria and Rudolph have moved  in order to use the prairie lightning storms in their experiments on unwilling victims.
Rudolph is finding it increasingly difficult to hide the trail of bodies.
Estelita decide to leave town because of the frequent disappearances.
Two gunslingers come.
Meeting up  they join up with the intention of stealing $ 100000 from the next stagecoach.
However  a gang member named.
Lonny decides to go and lets them know about the plot in exchange for becoming his deputy.
So  the sheriff and his men shoot the two remaining members and seriously wound Hank.
The robbery begins.
Jesse and Hank escape and stop and sleep until the morning.
Estelita wakes up Jesse and Hank and leads them back to town to the Frankensteins  house to fix up Hank.
Maria agrees to help.
Her plan is to use Hank.
She begins operating on Hank  giving him a new brain and bringing him back to life.
Rudolph tries  now called Igor.
Maria orders Igor to strangle Rudolph.
Jesse gives the pharmacist the note.
Actually reveals his identity and tells the pharmacist to call the sheriff.
Jesse manages to escape  killing deputy Lonny.
Igor incapacitates him and ties him up.
When he returns.
Realizing Jesse is  Estelita sends the sheriff to the house.
Where he finds Jesse and prepares to take him.
But Maria sends Igor to crush the sheriff.
Estelita frees Jesse and tries to escape.
Maria orders Igor to go kill Estelita.
Igor strangles Maria instead and goes.
Estelita gets Jesse s gun and kills Igor.
The next morning   Estelita pleads with him to stay and live with her.
Jesse  knowing  rides off.
He s a fugitive.
Who was nt killed.
<EOS>
Wishing to pursue a career.
Takes a bus to New York City and optimistically begins looking for work.
However  jobs are extremely hard to find.
He crosses paths.
Who has become jaded and cynical.
She has just been evicted.
He offers to let her stay.
She is penniless and has no home to return.
She is forced to rely.
They stay together.
The two work at various low-paying jobs.
Peggy warns him.
People ca nt be trusted.
Pete is encouraged.
When a band auditions him.
Pete returns to find.
When the other musicians send him out.
They have stolen his instruments and that he is the victim.
He writes to Peggy every day.
When Pete finds a part-time job.
She is to an abusive club owner  Nelly Miller.
Who strips Peggy as a down payment and threatens her with violence.
Pete gives up his wristwatch and saxophone to Nelly.
Who punches him.
Pete tells Peggy  so she agrees to tentatively begin a romantic relationship.
He loves her.
<EOS>
Nisa is the princess.
Who comes to stop an American corporation from destroying her rainforest home.
Guards and see the chairman  resulting in his arrest.
Her is tribal shaman Joa  who uses black magic to get.
Left to fend alone  Nisa  with the help of Carmen  finds work in a Beverly Hills mansion as the servant of an uptight couple.
Whose son  Jason  lives only to dance.
She dances provocatively.
She is rejected.
He is berated for dating the help.
Nisa runs away and gets a job as a dance partner for male customers.
Jason s friends visits the club and want to dance.
Nisa refuses to dance.
One becomes sleazy towards her.
She knees him.
Later  the friends tell Ashley  Jason s girlfriend.
She runs back and tells Jason.
His little girlfriend is a sleaze working.
He becomes morose  turns away and goes to Xtasy to try to take Nisa out of the place.
A bouncer beats up the would-be rescuer and prepares to deflower Nisa.
Fortunately  Joa walks in and magically stuns the attacker.
Clears the place.
The shaman then heads back.
Nisa and Jason   prepare for a dance contest  hoping to speak out about the plight of the rainforest when they are showcased on TV.
They win the contest.
The corporation s head stooge  Benjamin Maxwell  kidnaps Nisa afterwards.
Jason finds them and helps Nisa to escape but twists his ankle  ruining their chances.
Luckily  Joa shows up backstage  heals Jason s wound.
The dance goes ahead as planned.
The crowd loves them  Nisa s king father joins  they start a boycott against the destruction of the rainforest.
Everyone gets.
<EOS>
Professional gambler Dan Milner accepts a mysterious job for $.
He is told to take a charter flight.
Where he will receive further instructions.
Milner is attracted.
Milner finds.
When he arrives.
Several guests have hidden agendas.
He is disappointed to find.
Lenore is the girlfriend.
Milner overhears.
Two guests  self-proclaimed author Martin Krafft and a man named Thompson  planning something which he suspects involves him.
He is given $ 10000 and told.
When Milner confronts them.
Someone is.
Seemingly drunk Bill Lusk flies in.
Milner thinks.
He must be the contact.
Lusk claims to be an undercover agent.
When the two are alone.
He tells Milner.
S.
Government suspects.
Underworld boss Nick Ferraro  deported  is scheming to get back into the country posing as Milner.
The two men are a close physical match.
Milner is a loner  so no one is likely to miss him.
Krafft turns out to be a plastic surgeon.
Meanwhile  Cardigan s wife Helen and his personal manager Gerald Hobson show up.
She had gone to get a divorce  not really intending to go through with it.
She is still fond.
Hobson also thinks.
The bad publicity would make it hard to get a new one.
Lenore confesses to Milner.
She is really just a singer looking to hook a wealthy spouse.
Milner shows.
His softer side when he helps unhappy newlywed Jennie Stone.
Lusk sneaks  but is caught and killed.
Milner and Lenore stumble.
Milner is convinced.
The dead man must have been telling the truth.
That night  Thompson and his men take Milner.
Milner is able to pass along a veiled plea to Lenore.
She persuades Cardigan   to help out.
Who is tired.
Milner sneaks back  knowing.
The actor keeps the pursuing mobsters pinned down.
The only way is to deal with Ferraro once and for all.
He is caught and brought.
Cardigan mounts a rescue with the reluctant assistance of the Mexican police and a couple of the more adventurous guests.
A gunfight breaks out.
Milner manages to break free and shoot Ferraro dead.
<EOS>
Daffy Duck is a traveling salesman  Washington.
When he witnesses Foghorn Leghorn and The Barnyard Dog.
Foghorn is seen awakening the dog and repeatedly slapping his rear end with a board.
Causes the dog to chase him.
The dog is but reaches a painted white line with a sign.
Reads Rope Limit which causes the dog to be jerked by the rope around his neck.
Foghorn then takes a rubber ball and stuffs it  then punctures the ball with a needle causing the dog to fly away.
The reads Do nt Look Up.
Foghorn leaves he walks.
Foghorn naturally looks and sees the dog perched.
The dog releases  causing it to break.
The dog s prank prompts Foghorn to contemplate massive retaliation.
Daffy enters and offers to help Foghorn get back at the dog by selling him a trick bone.
Is. 
The prank works.
Daffy then intervenes to help the dog retaliate with a gift-wrapped.
Is connected.
Naturally  Foghorn wants to get back.
Daffy sells him something called the Chattanooga.
Ends up backfiring.
To make up  Daffy offers to sell Foghorn.
An elaborate prank called the Pipe Full  which Foghorn purchases.
He sees the dog setting up the same trap to use.
Foghorn is setting up the trap.
They both realize.
Daffy has been playing them.
Foghorn and the dog join forces to go.
Who attempts to flee.
Foghorn says You know  there might.
I say there just might be a market.
<EOS>
Nirmal Verma and Karuna are attracted.
The former is touring that part.
They get very intimate.
Even leaves his address but she misplaces it.
Both do meet - get married.
She re-locates to live.
Shortly thereafter Nirmal and the rest are baffled - - she refuses to divulge anything.
When they find out Karuna secretly leaves the house and goes.
When confronted.
<EOS>
The film is set in the early.
Shiftless young drifter Joe Taylor works.
Operates. 
He shares the cramped on-board living quarters  Les and Ella Gault  and their young son Jim.
One day Joe and Les pull the body  naked except for a petticoat  from the water.
We learn.
Joe knew her.
Scenes involving his relationship are juxtaposed with those set in the present time.
Joe and Les go to a local pub to play darts.
Joe leaves Les behind and returns.
Where Ella succumbs.
Not wanting to disturb the sleeping Jim  the two engage on the towpath.
It proves to be the first they enjoy.
Whenever they can find a few moments away.
Joe meets Cathie on a beach.
The two soon are living together.
He aspires to be a writer and spends his days banging.
She works to support them.
Joe begins to suffer.
Cathie  unhappy  accuses him of taking advantage of her.
He packs his meager belongings and moves out.
He meets Les.
Who offers him a job.
Les eventually becomes aware and moves out of the barge.
Belongs. 
Ella and Joe drift.
She and Joe visit her sister Gwen and invite her to spend a couple with them.
When she receives word her brother-in-law has died.
One evening.
Gwen would like to see a movie.
The two have sex in a deserted alley.
Eventually  Ella s desire to settle put a damper on the once-unbridled passion in her relationship with Joe.
He packs and leaves.
Joe and Cathie reunite on the waterfront and have sex beneath a parked truck.
She reveals.
She is pregnant.
She runs  trips  and falls into the water.
When Joe nonchalantly begins to walk away.
Dressed only.
Joe makes no move to rescue her and   he panics and runs away.
When she fails to surface.
Past and present converge.
Daniel Gordon  a plumber  is arrested and tried.
Whom Cathie was casually seeing.
Joe spends a few days.
Guilt-stricken  he writes an anonymous note absolving Daniel and leaves it.
Where a courthouse guard can find it.
It has no effect.
Daniel is found guilty and sentenced to hang.
Unwilling to risk his life  Joe opts not to confess.
Cathie really died and sets off.
<EOS>
Chicago mob boss Rocca manages to get Lester Gillis sprung.
His motive is to have Gillis kill a labor organizer.
Gillis refuses  preferring to work instead.
Gillis is relaxing  finding a gun.
When cops burst in.
Rocca has planted to frame Gillis.
Gillis vows revenge  escapes  then guns down Rocca and two henchmen.
Gillis is winged by a gunshot.
He goes.
Whose patients include America s most wanted criminal  John Dillinger.
Acquiring a nickname  Baby Face Nelson  a grateful Gillis joins up and quickly becomes the FBI s second most wanted man.
The ruthless Baby Face goes  even killing innocent motorists just to steal a car.
He does nt like playing second fiddle.
It becomes Baby Face s turn to be public enemy number one.
The arch-criminal is shot.
He commits multiple murders  even killing Doc  and frightens Sue by placing a rifle sight on children.
Trapped  Baby Face flees on foot and is shot several times.
Stumbling  he pleads with Sue at first  then taunts her  to put him out of his misery.
She does.
<EOS>
Dewey Finn is a rock singer and guitarist.
Annoyed during the opening credits  his bandmates unexpectedly kicks Dewey out from the band and replace him with guitarist Spider.
Furthermore  Dewey s submissive roommate and lifelong friend  Ned Schneebly  a substitute teacher  is pressured to evict Dewey.
He gets a real job to pay off his growing rent debt.
Dewey feels forced to give up his passion Horace Green  asking Ned to fill in for a teacher.
He receives an urgent phone call intended from Rosalie Mullins  the principal of a prestigious prep school.
Who broke her leg.
Desperate  Dewey impersonates Ned and takes the job as a substitute teacher for a fifth-grade class.
Incompetent  Dewey resorts to granting his students large amounts of free time and recess.
He requests.
They simply call him Mr S.
He realizes.
When Dewey overhears his students playing.
The children are musically talented.
He says.
The project will test your head and your mind and your brain.
The kids are mostly interested  Dewey turns the school days into lessons of rock history and music playing  exposing his students to those artists.
Many rock legends are featured during a montage scene  including Led Zeppelin  The Ramones  Jimi Hendrix  Pink Floyd  Iggy Pop  The  Rush  The Clash  Nirvana  AC/DC  Black Sabbath  Yes  and David Bowie.
Who.
Dewey narrowly escapes detection when Ms.
Mullins decides to attend one to check on their progress  forcing him to attempt to teach the actual course material.
Dewey attempts to befriend her  by playing her favorite song Edge of Seventeen by Stevie Nicks on a jukebox while visiting a bar.
The two develop a close friendship.
Meanwhile  the class audition.
Dewey told them.
They are rejected.
They show up too late.
Dewey persuades the Battle s managers to let the students perform in the Battle of the Bands by lying.
The students are all terminally ill.
However  later that day  Dewey is exposed.
When Ned receives a paycheck  despite not working there.
Dewey meets the students  parents.
Who initially scrutinize Dewey s teaching abilities.
Dewey succeeds.
He is a competent teacher.
Ned appears and confronts Dewey under pressure from Patty.
His real identity is revealed.
He is sacked.
He falls into depression.
Ned sadly informs him.
It may be time he moved out.
The next day   the class decide.
Even if Dewey and the project was fake  they have still put too much work in to not do the final show  and so they leave for the concert  first stopping at Dewey s apartment to persuade him to join them.
The class s performance was back.
The band plays School of Rock  a song written by their lead guitarist Zack Mooneyham  instead of Dewey s The Legend of The Rent.
Mullins and the students  parents  the class loses  but accept their defeat due to Dewey s proclamation.
They were not here to win and that they were going to play one great show.
The audience  however  becomes angered and shout for School of Rock to come back on stage.
The band goes  playing a cover of It s a Long Way to the Top by AC/DC with an altered ending.
Summer is seen arguing a deal over her cell phone.
Ned teaches beginning music students.
The credits roll  but we re still.
The class  breaking the fourth wall  sings The movie is over.
<EOS>
Dr Christine Allison is convicted.
She is unable to find work.
Help comes -- she is approached by Stephen Dane  the man.
Who prosecuted her  to look.
Suspicious  she presses him.
He wants her.
His need is a trained doctor  but not one.
Who has the power to commit Liane.
She is perfect.
Christine s medical license has been taken away.
Desperate  she accepts the job.
Christine s misgivings increase as time goes by.
The final straw comes.
When Liane s father  Captain Ferris  unexpectedly appears while the Danes are out.
Christine had been told.
His death had unhinged Liane.
He leaves.
Christine tells Liane the truth and persuades her to go back in Ireland to see her father.
They find him there  drunk and living.
A disillusioned Liane has another breakdown.
She falls.
When Stephen shows up.
Running away.
The injury is not serious.
The doctor gives Christine a bottle.
She gives Liane two to help her sleep.
Instructed. 
The next morning  Liane is found dead.
The bottle is missing.
The coroner uncovers Christine s past.
She accuses Stephen of hiring her to draw suspicion away from him.
She notices Ferris looking at his heirloom pocket watch.
Christine had stolen it and had it before her death.
He admits.
Liane took the overdose herself.
He found her dead and took the bottle away.
He had been prosecuted by Stephen and had tried to bribe him by sending his then seventeen-year-old daughter to Stephen s hotel room.
Ferris began blackmailing him.
When the charges were dropped.
Stephen finally balked  so Ferris took the opportunity to get back at him.
Ferris leans and falls to his death.
The police try to take him.
Stephen asks Christine.
They drive away together.
<EOS>
Adam is a college senior  and an aspiring.
He meets Eve - a beautiful  bright  talented college girl.
They begin dating.
He quickly learns.
Hard as it is to believe  Eve is still a virgin.
It is not about religion  or waiting for wedlock  but about waiting.
It feels right.
This begins a relationship.
Is  as Adam  Eve.
All their friends wait to be ready.
<EOS>
Aspiring actress Louise Mauban attends the Paris School while working at a dreary factory job.
Her fellow students begin to suspect.
Her stories  Marquis Andre DAbbencourt  are just fantasies that she weaves to relieve her humdrum life.
One  Nana  maliciously invites Louise to her birthday party  having arranged for Andre to attend.
However  the plan backfires.
Andre is enchanted.
The lie turns.
He showers her and takes her out every night.
Andre eventually becomes enamored and breaks up with Louise by letter.
She tells them to take their pick.
When Louise s friends show up.
Andre has given her.
However   she shows the letter  as her gift.
Nana s heart is softened.
They become friends.
Meanwhile  Madame Therese Charlot  an aging star and teacher  is upset to learn from Monsieur Pasquel  Sr.
She will not get the leading role because she is no longer young enough.
She lashes out  she informs Louise.
When Louise is late once again.
She will demand her expulsion.
Louise follows her and   thanks her.
Louise explains.
She believes that to be a great star  she must suffer  as Madame Charlot herself had suffered early.
The next day  Louise defiantly returns.
Madame Charlot announces.
She has accepted another  more mature role and recommended Louise for the lead.
Louise gets the part and is a great success  receiving a standing ovation.
<EOS>
Returning  Peter Weston  an Englishman  is left a pet alligator by another passenger.
Who abandons it.
He is horrified.
His first instinct is to get rid as soon.
Possible. 
However  he soon develops a bond.
Appears to be centred almost entirely.
He soon discovers.
Daisy is very tame and domesticated  and seems to be the way.
Weston struggles to keep Daisy under control.
She upsets his family  loses him his job and imperils his relationship with his fiancee.
He plans to get rid.
The police and a pet shop refuse to take her.
He abandons her - later returning to rescue her with a sense of guilt.
Owing  Daisy is packed along with the rest of his luggage to accompany him to his prospective s father-in-law s country house.
Daisy soon escapes and causes mayhem bringing his engagement seemingly and opening the way to a relationship with Moira.
<EOS>
The film is.
Where hardships and affections are.
It centers  ahead it unravels about enmity with other family.
One As the film moves.
Where Devasena is a pampered daughter.
But Gunasekaran is kind enough.
However  Devasena mistakes Prabhakaran to be her bridegroom.
Prabhakaran turns away  she vows to alienate him from his family by marrying Karunakaran.
Rest is about the hand-in-hand combat between Prabhakaran and Devasena with each one moving around with their smart plans.
<EOS>
A police officer  DSP Shamsher Singh captures the notorious bandit Mangal Singh.
As Mangal s wife is about to give birth.
She dies.
Subsequently  DSP Singh raises the boy.
DSP Singh s natural son Kishen has a wicked streak.
Ironically. 
Mangal s son  Amit  is endowed.
Released  Mangal finds out.
His son is.
He mistakes Kishen to be his son and instigates him to fight.
They join the underworld gang and spread havoc.
Amit becomes an honest police officer and is assigned the task.
Kishen comes to believe and falls under the bandit s influence.
He is actually Mangal s son.
He continues to live.
<EOS>
Ajay Sharma  is a man.
Who seeks revenge.
His father  Vishwanath Sharma  once owner  was defrauded by Madan Chopra  a trusted employee in Vishwanath s company.
The Sharma family is ousted and loses everything.
They owned.
Soon afterwards  Ajay s father and his young baby sister die due  unable to buy medicine because of their destitute state.
His mother is now suffering.
Driven  Ajay becomes obsessed with killing Chopra and destroying his family.
Ajay begins dating Seema Chopra  the daughter.
They meet secretly.
Her father would not approve.
Meanwhile  the younger daughter Priya Chopra travels.
He retires permanently.
Madan has never lost before  but comes.
Vicky allows Madan to win and tells him.
He could nt beat his guru.
Vicky then charms Priya.
He lost the race as he could nt break the heart.
Thus his ploy succeeds.
He wins Priya s heart.
This way  he manages to date both Seema and Priya simultaneously using different identities.
Ajay is photographed lurking by one of her friends.
Later Madan Chopra arranges to be married off to another business family.
Seema is heartbroken.
Ajay decides.
They will write identical suicide notes and commit suicide.
He tells her.
They each write their suicide notes.
The suicide note was just a test.
He says  while keeping Seema s.
Only cowards commit suicide and destroys his note.
They decide to marry secretly the next day.
The registrar is closed  so they go up.
When they arrive.
He makes.
Her sit and tells her the truth about himself  after which he throws her to her death from the rooftop of the building.
He then posts the suicide note and leaves  but arrives later.
He helps the Chopra family.
The letter written implies.
She has committed suicide.
The murder investigation is closed.
Priya can not believe that  and asks her father.
However  he disagrees  saying.
He does nt want to lose his reputation due.
Priya then asks Karan.
Who is her former classmate and a current police inspector.
Priya tries to investigate Seema s death  however her attempts prove unsuccessful.
Ravi  Seema s college friend  offers to help her  but is brutally killed.
Karan thinks.
Vicky forces him to sign a suicide note.
Ravi must have been with Seema and hence her murderer.
Later  Priya and Vicky meet Seema s college friend  Anjali.
Who becomes suspicious.
She calls the Sharma household and Priya s engagement party.
When she finds out that he was Seema s boyfriend back.
Vicky intercepts the phone and impersonates Chopra  and then arrives.
He strangles her  then fits her body and throws it in the river.
Vicky vows to destroy Madan Chopra  confiscate his assets and throw him out.
Like Chopra did many years ago.
Chopra needs to go  and knowing  gives Vicky the Power of attorney.
Vicky s his soon to be.
Vicky does a carbon copy.
One day takes Priya to calm her mind.
Where they meet Ajay s childhood friend  who greets him.
Priya tells the man.
Vicky tries to ignore him.
He is mistaken  and that Ajay is Vicky Malhotra.
Ajay s friend repeatedly tries to remind Vicky.
Vicky feels trapped and tries to get out by abusing him and gets in a scuffle with him.
Priya visits.
Ajay s friend and the whole truth is revealed.
Vicky reveals himself and gives him the exact sendoff.
When Chopra returns.
Chopra did 15-20 years ago.
Priya finds Ajay s home address  and finds out his real identity.
Ajay comes in.
They argue.
Ajay wins her over.
Madan charges.
He is severely beaten and wounded.
Ajay s Mother is then knocked unconscious trying to defend Ajay.
This prompts him to recover and fight Madan and his gang.
Chopra eventually picks up a stake and mortally stabs Ajay.
However  Ajay manages to impale him by walking into him.
They jump off a small cliff.
Chopra dies.
Ajay manages to stagger back.
He tells her.
He has reclaimed what is rightfully hers.
Mrs Sharma is cured  but is beset by sorrow  along with Priya crying beside her.
Ajay dies.
<EOS>
Charanon Ki Saugandh is an action drama  featuring Mithun Chakraborty and Amrita Singh.
<EOS>
Ledda  a former hitman  agrees to a last killing  despite his recently-developed Alzheimer s disease.
He is to kill two people   he then learns.
The second victim is Bieke  a twelve-year-old girl pimped but then killed by police trying to escape.
Ledda refuses to kill a child.
Resultantly  his employer  Seynaeve  has another hitman kill Bieke and orders.
Him to kill Ledda.
Ledda kills the hitman first but only.
The hitman kills a prostitute who had befriended him.
Ledda decides to kill Seynaeve.
He also reviews the contents  and discovers.
His employer had Bieke and the first target killed to cover.
He decides to clean house.
Several of whom are high-ranking government officials.
Ledda s Alzheimer s condition periodically impacts him.
What he was doing.
It grows worse.
The movie progresses.
Ledda contends with police pursuit.
Two detectives seem to be one step behind him.
Ledda toys.
He ends up.
Ledda kills all  except the last  a high-ranking government official  Baron de Haeck.
Who manages to get away.
Leads him to forget to put the firing pin when preparing for the hit.
Ledda is captured.
The prosecutor  Bracke   tries to have a court-appointed psychiatrist kill Ledda.
Who is.
Results. 
Ledda ends up meeting the two detectives  and gives them a clue as to the whereabouts of a tape from the safety deposit box.
Implicates the Baron.
The corrupt police close in and surround the car  placing all inside.
Ledda decides to sacrifice himself  and is gunned down.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
A dam being built comes under attack from the mysterious pilot  The Black Ace  and his Mystery Squadron of pilots.
The identity is so secretive.
It is even concealed in the Mystery Squadron.
Fred Cromwell and his partner Bill Cook seek to identify the Black Ace and stop his attacks.
Cromwell and Cook struggle to identify the Black Ace.
A number behave suspiciously  including Lafe Johnson  a rival contractor to Gray  Martin  the hotel owner  Collins  a construction employee for Gray  and Dr Flint.
<EOS>
The film centers.
Who has lived all his life.
He spends most on the red dirt and has a hobby of tracing the epitaphs on headstones.
He was orphaned.
When his parents drowned under mysterious circumstances.
He was raised.
Summer is mentally unstable and agoraphobic  apparently a result.
She and her only other living sister  Lynn Thomas  have avoided each other.
Charlie once regularly sent Summer off  being unable to deal with her eccentric behavior.
She resumed living after Charlie s death  cared for by Griffith and the family matriarch  Lily Mae.
Griffith s only other close relationship is.
Whom he also has occasional sexual relationships.
The film is set shortly.
When Griffith becomes solely responsible.
Griffith resents this  feeling trapped to leave.
Emily does not want him to leave.
She accuses Griffith.
Emily herself has no wish to leave Pine Apple.
Though her own mother practically pushes her to.
Griffith is nevertheless determined to leave.
He starts cleaning up the cottage previously used with the intention of renting it out.
A stranger arrives and inquires about the cottage.
Day after he hangs the ` For Rent  sign.
He introduces himself.
Griffith agrees to let Lee stay for helping him finish painting it  despite the objections of both Summer and Emily.
The two quickly become friends.
They paint a barn roof.
They start building a giant replica.
Griffith is intrigued during his travels.
Lee   urges Griffith to leave Pine Apple and see the world.
He offers to take Griffith.
Griffith agrees.
They make a blood oath.
Emily senses the growing closeness.
Feeling left out  she starts spending time.
The two develop an unlikely friendship.
Summer sees herself.
She also urges Emily to leave Pine Apple.
Emily dismisses this.
Emily also voices her suspicions.
Griffith and Lee were becoming more than friends.
Summer admits but does not want to interfere  believing.
She had already stood.
Emily confronts Lee and tries to convince him to leave Griffith alone.
Lee refuses  telling her.
He believes it s best to leave Pine Apple.
Summer thrives.
Who convinces her to finally get out and try to get over her agoraphobia.
Driving out  they chance upon Lee and Griffith.
Who have just finished building the replica in the middle of a field.
The sight finally triggers closure on Summer s part  setting her on the path to recovery.
Lee tells Griffith.
Bathing that afternoon.
They should be leaving soon.
Griffith agrees but asks more week to prepare.
That night  Griffith asks permission to leave.
Summer encourages him.
She asks him not to worry.
She also betrays guilt  something Griffith can still not understand.
Emily catches Lee putting away stuff and learns.
Lee and Griffith are leaving together.
She confronts Griffith and confesses.
She loves him  the reason she did nt want to leave.
Griffith tells her.
It is nt enough anymore and that he has to leave.
Summer asks Emily to drive her.
The reasons for their alienation became clear.
The death was not an accident.
Summer had been having an affair.
Griffith is actually Summer s son.
It did nt prevent the eventual breakdown.
Summer gave him up.
They gave Griffith back and committed suicide by driving off a bridge.
Lynn blames Summer.
Summer is wracked but is still thankful.
She got to take care after all.
Meanwhile  Emily confronts Griffith  openly accusing him of being gay.
Griffith becomes angry and unthinkingly tries to rape her.
He stops himself and runs away into the rain.
Griffith finds Lee and accuses him.
Lee tells him.
What has been obvious  that deep inside Griffith knew that it was already something more.
Griffith denies it vehemently and punches Lee.
When he tries to kiss him.
Griffith goes home and shuts himself.
The following day  Lee visits Emily to say goodbye.
He finds Emily packing her things.
She has decided to leave Pine Apple.
They finally admit.
They both love Griffith.
Emily assures him.
Lee leaves.
Griffith does love him.
Summer finally admits to Griffith.
Lee has left town.
She is his real mother.
Griffith is initially incredulous but eventually believes her.
He finally realizes.
He does nt need to run away.
He sets fire.
Was a symbol of his desire to leave.
He also makes up.
She leaves  after bidding a tearful goodbye to Summer.
Lee unexpectedly returns shortly.
Griffith receives him warmly.
They carefully avoid the subject.
Griffith finally gets the courage to admit and kisses him.
Lee is turning away to leave.
He loves him back.
Lee drives him back.
Griffith opts to remain.
He and Lee read.
A poem inscribed to each other and part with the implication of keeping in touch.
Forever and a day and the blood  stained red the dirt of the Mississippi land.
And we go.
We ll stay.
Remains. 
Only  where memory of love  eternally.
<EOS>
Ana and her adopted brother Uli meet in Avignon.
It is stated.
Ana ca nt receive her inheritance until she has found the child she abandoned.
This journey leads her to Gaza  a time fraught with danger and uncertainty.
<EOS>
Young Petey is traumatized and wanders off.
Truck drivers find him.
The boy is brought.
Where he is recognized.
Petey is and momentarily ca nt even recognize his dad  much less explain.
What happened.
The youths are named Joey  Gil and Jess.
Who have Tony s wife.
It turns out.
They have robbed and killed Linda s employer  Canfield  and are arguing whether to also kill her  the only eyewitness.
Canfield s niece comes looking  but.
Finding Linda s car mistakenly believes he might be having an affair.
Gil slips away to retrieve a gun.
Tony gets the drop and kills Gil in self-defense  finding Linda s wallet on him.
The truckers provide the general vicinity.
Where they found the boy.
Petey seems to recognize a tractor  so Tony s men find Canfield s body and surround the house.
Joey is accidentally killed.
Who is disarmed.
Petey emerges from his state of shock.
<EOS>
Sosa is a lawyer recently expelled.
Who works.
One night he meets Lujan  a young paramedic recently arrived.
The two start a romantic relationship.
Is threatened when Sosa breaks his bond.
He and Lujan are attacked  initiating an escalation of violence.
When Sosa is about to get back his attorney registration  and while making amends.
<EOS>
The movie circuits is as Lansky as an old man looking for a rock to put on his grandfather s grave in Jerusalem.
Lansky expresses regret.
His Grandfather never lived to see them.
He catches sight.
He walks.
He recalls.
He witnessed an elderly Jew being bludgeoned to death with an axe during a pogrom.
Later   his parents hastily pack up their valuables and prepare to flee.
The shtetl is burning down.
Lansky s Grandfather watches sceptically.
Meanwhile  his father suggests  You think.
I should fight.
The film then changes.
Lansky comes.
His mother gives him money to go buy challah.
Later  Lansky returns home penniless and deeply ashamed.
Later  Benjamin Siegel and Lansky are eyeing the Irish-American boy  Lansky makes his bet.
Who operates the craps game.
He s throwing the dice the owner s friend slides him some dice.
Certain  Lansky shouts.
The game is rigged.
He won the bet.
The Irish boy pushes  Lansky pushes.
Him back then the teenager s friend slides out his knife and cuts Lansky s arm  Benjamin Seigel come and hits the knife kid with a brick shouting at him telling him to give him the money.
Lansky jumps.
Lansky and Benjamin are walking down the docks they see the Irish kid who bet in the alley the Irish kid is shouting Irish word about him being Jewish.
Where the Irish kid is hanging about.
Is goes back as an old man drinking wine with the Jewish man.
The blood is sliding.
The Jewish man goes.
The film goes.
A kid Lansky goes.
Lansky is saying Nothing For Nothing Luciano takes a liking  they the work together selling illegal booze  Bugsy  Luciano and Lansky are making their way driving the truck with booze in.
They are ambushed.
Luciano and Lansky make a deal saying they will give them 1 truck.
No one will be shot.
When Lansky  Bugsy and Luciano get.
Impressed  Rothstein invites them.
He offers Bugsy and Lansky a job to work.
He knows Lansky is smart.
Work to take over the crime world killing the Italian bosses Joe Masseria and Salvatore Maranzano.
Rothstein is taken.
Luciano then sets up the Commission.
The 5 Italian families can now work freely.
Meyer builds his prestige.
His girlfriend is questioned  Meyer buys his childhood friend time to turn the venture around.
A month the Flamingo is not earning money.
Lansky can no longer prevent the Commission.
Years.
Later Lansky is to avoid tax evasion charges.
Is extradited back.
S.
He is lucky to get off and retires to Miami.
Lansky gives an interview to a French journalist.
Lansky responds  I would nt change a thing.
When the journalist asks him what he would do if he could live his life over.
<EOS>
Fatimah is law student.
Graduates and starts her own law firm.
She meets Adel  another student  and the two share a romantic relationship.
The movie highlights the difficulties.
Working women suffered in the Egyptian society.
One involves him in a crime.
Adel becomes a suspect himself.
He gains his freedom.
Fatimah and Adel marry each other.
<EOS>
Abigail Scanlon and Parker Wald are best friends.
Who return from New York City for a visit.
They learn.
Their close friend  Rachel  has lost the love to their ex-friend  Caitlin  a conniving gold-digger who pretends to be pregnant to trick Tony into marrying her.
Intent  Parker and Abigail go undercover as Caitlin s bridesmaids to sabotage the wedding.
Caitlin s tightly-wound mother  Olivia  works hard to keep Abigail and Parker at bay.
Parker falls.
The bridesmaids put their best-laid plans to see them go outrageously awry.
The trio are arrested by Henry.
Parker convinces him to release them.
So Abigail  Parker  and Rachel sneak.
They take her and trick her into admitting the truth.
Tony lies to Caitlin.
His family lost their fortunes which leads.
Tony gets and proposes to Rachel and revels.
Caitlin is gone.
Lied. 
He is still rich.
Parker stars in a major action film  Rachel marries Tony.
Abigail sells her book.
<EOS>
Hank Grotowski  a widower  and his son  Sonny  are corrections officers.
They reside with Hank s ailing father  Buck  an unwavering racist.
Whose wife committed suicide.
Hank s hateful attitude  strongly influenced by his father  extends to his son  and members of the neighboring community.
The proceedings prove too intense.
Hank and Sonny assist.
Who collapses and then begins to vomit as he is leading Lawrence.
Hank beats up Sonny afterwards for being so soft.
Some time later  Hank drags Sonny out and tells him to get out of the house.
Unable to cope  Sonny grabs a gun.
The confrontation ends.
Sonny asks his father  You hate me  do nt you.
Hank subsequently buries Sonny  quits his job at the prison  burns his uniform in the backyard  and locks the door of Sonny s room up tightly.
Buck calls him a quitter.
His wife  Leticia  has been struggling while raising their son  Tyrell.
Who has inherited his father s artistic talent.
She goads the boy.
Leticia struggles financially  leading to the loss of the family car and  worse  an eviction notice on her house.
Leticia takes a job at a diner frequented by Hank.
One rainy night  Leticia and Tyrell are walking down a soaked highway.
When Tyrell is struck.
Hank happens to be driving along and sees Leticia and Tyrell.
He initially drives past  before him  but then turns around  picks Leticia and Tyrell up  and takes them to a hospital  but Tyrell dies upon arrival.
Hank lends his shoulder to cry on.
He drives her home.
A few days later  Hank gives Leticia a ride home.
She invites him.
They begin talking and discover the common loss of their sons and spouses.
They drown their grief.
They begin.
A relationship initially based from loneliness but which later becomes emotionally supportive.
Hank finds out.
Leticia is Lawrence s widow.
He does not tell her.
He participated.
Leticia stops with a present for him.
Hank is not home.
Buck is.
Buck insults Leticia and implies  she responds.
Hank is only involved because he wants to have sex with a black woman.
This incident proves to be the last straw.
He decides to send his father.
Leticia is evicted.
Hank invites her to move in.
She agrees and later discovers Hank s involvement.
He is gone but is there waiting when he returns from town with ice cream.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A French couple  Pierre and Geraldine want kids.
Geraldine is unable to conceive.
They travel to Cambodia to adopt an orphan.
They want to adopt.
They book a hotel.
When the couple reaches Cambodia.
Has other French people that are also waiting to adopt.
Their tempers flare.
When they have to deal whether or not they will be successful and if they are  what they will do if the baby has any serious diseases.
<EOS>
Frankie and Patch are friends.
Who take a small-time carnival bribing local authorities to let them stay.
Is a dunk tank.
Which Frankie perches  made up  and mercilessly heckles the customers.
He is a public face.
Whereas Patch sticks.
Into their life comes Donna  a wayward.
Who is bored.
Donna strikes up a friendship and follows the carny on the circuit.
She eventually joins the troupe  learning and also doing an exotic dance.
To con customers.
Is more suggestive.
The dark and brooding Patch persuades others.
Donna is capable  as others clearly have.
Donna does nt go that far.
Frankie does catch her  straining the relationships of all three.
<EOS>
Chromophobia comes.
Translates. 
Translates to fear.
The two form means fear.
To create a portmanteau which it is assumed.
Chromophobia takes a look.
Some are very wealthy and have become so obsessed with their wealth and material objects they are very detached from more important things in life.
The things include friendship  their children  love  and integrity.
They choose to reject.
Each character begins to realize and then face their problems.
Their lives come crashing down.
The characters then begin to see.
They can get their lives back and carry on.
<EOS>
It is the guests  greed.
When an anonymous benefactor invites a party to a New Year s celebration aboard the Orient Express.
Brings them all together.
The businessmen among the passengers also expect to make a lucrative deal.
However  the whole train is taken over by terrorists -- without anybody noticing.
Jack Chase  a young American actor  realizes but does not know.
Who has also been invited.
One is missing.
He has been killed together.
Very soon the passengers sense.
Something is wrong.
A powerful jamming station on board the train ensures.
They can not contact the outside world.
Then   they get to know their host  It is Tarik  a well-known  internationally wanted Arab terrorist.
Who communicates.
Tarik announces the Fundamentalist Revolution  the victory over corruption  and demands one tenth of each of his hostages  fortunes.
Tarik himself is on the train disguised as a cook.
No one has so far found out.
The captives also learn  the bombs are rigged.
The terrorists have rigged the train.
The train slows  stops or passes the midnight hour.
Predictably  the passengers try to do something.
It is the women.
The businessmen ponder the question.
Who take an active part.
The couple secretly climb and succeed in finding some of the explosives.
Shortly before their arrival in Istanbul  the locomotive  with Tarik in it  is uncoupled from the rest of the train and blown to pieces by the bombs planted by the terrorist himself.
2001 terrorist attacks  the character is a thinly disguised Osama bin Laden.
The film was released long.
There are also some minor but obvious parallels.
Is based.
These parallels almost exclusively concern the setting and the constellation  There are no similarities whatsoever regarding the plot.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
The entire film is shot in Karnataka.
<EOS>
Stacy Holt  an associate producer  is convinced.
Her boyfriend Derek is the right man  though he has an apparent phobia of commitment.
He s vague.
Taking the advice  she looks at his Palm Tungsten C and its record of the names and numbers of three ex-girlfriends  a French supermodel  a gynecologist and a cook.
She sets up an interview  in an attempt to learn more about and get closer to Derek.
However  Stacy s plan suffers a setback.
When she develops a friendship.
Stacy is eventually betrayed.
When she  Derek and the ex-girlfriends are brought together during sweeps season.
Stacy comes to the realization.
She is not the right one and lets him go.
Barb  clearly out of her mind  tells Stacy and goes on to call the event a masterpiece.
Her actions were not premeditated.
Stacy responds.
I should tear your eyes out right now.
How will you be able to look in the morning.
Stacy  then  departs.
The camera stays a humiliated Barb.
Stacy winds up earning her dream job working for Diane Sawyer and meets her idol  Carly Simon.
<EOS>
Picking up immediately  Marybeth is attacked  but manages to escape.
Where the first film ended.
Jack Cracker finds her  pulls her out  and takes her back to his cabin.
He forces her to leave  telling her.
If she wants help  she needs to see Reverend Zombie.
Moments leaves.
Jack is killed.
Marybeth returns.
He reluctantly lets her in.
He tells her.
Her father was one.
He also tells her.
Thomas  Victor s father  had an affair  after she was diagnosed with stomach cancer.
She places a curse on the child conceived by Lena from the affair.
Lena dies.
Thomas confronts the three boys responsible.
Victor is killed.
Both they and their parents deny it.
Thomas becomes a shut-in and eventually dies.
Then a scene is shown.
Victor slaughters five people who invade his land.
Marybeth tells him she wants to go back and retrieve the remains.
He agrees  but tells her she must bring a family member.
Zombie calls Justin and tells him his brother.
She leaves.
Shawn  the tour guide who was murdered the night  never came back with the boat.
He lies and says.
They are going to find Shawn and the boat.
He tells Justin to gather a group.
Marybeth returns home.
Where her uncle Bob later shows up.
He tells her she needs to stay away  but reluctantly goes with her to a recruitment meeting in Zombie s shop.
Zombie tells the hunters.
He will pay them $ 500 dollars each to retrieve his boat and $ 5000 dollars.
He tells Trent.
He will pay him double to go.
Trent agrees.
The hunters leave and go  including Marybeth and her uncle.
They find the boat.
Cleutus and Chad stay.
The rest leave two.
The others split up to find Victor.
Marybeth  Zombie  Justin  Bob  and Trent go looking.
Zombie tells Justin.
Trent  Bob and Marybeth s father were the kids who started the fire that killed Victor.
He says.
Once Crowley kills Bob and Trent  his soul will leave the swamp.
They check the main cabin.
Meanwhile  the rest are killed off by Crowley.
Chad is hacked violently.
Cletus has his face mutilated.
Victor appears and decapitates Layton.
Layton and Avery are having sex.
Avery tries to run away.
Victor whacks her inbetween the legs and finally John and Vernon both split in half from the groin up with a 8ft chainsaw.
They hear Victor outside.
Searching the cabin.
Justin tells Marybeth.
Hiding. 
Trent killed.
She runs to warn Bob but Justin jams the door shut.
Victor turns up and kills him by ripping his head open with a belt sander.
Bob and the others attempt to get.
Victor breaks down the door.
Marybeth attempts to attack him but is tossed.
Trent attempts to fight him  but is killed.
When Victor severs the top by kicking it against a table.
Zombie grabs Marybeth  drags her out Bob inside with Victor.
Marybeth screams.
She hears Bob murdered inside.
She falls.
Zombie declares Victor Crowley dead.
Marybeth says.
She will go.
Zombie tells her she is wrong.
He points his gun.
She tells him Bob.
Was nt her real uncle.
Her father s brother died.
When she was twelve.
Victor breaks and goes after Zombie  Zombie nearly chokes Victor with his hands  but Victor kills him by severing him in half with the hatchet and then yanks his spinal cord.
Pulled him out.
Then Victor throws Zombie.
Marybeth attacks Victor  knocking him to the ground and striking him repeatedly with the hatchet.
She stops and walks off just.
Marybeth returns and stands over him  yells Fuck you.
<EOS>
Vaidehi lives.
She lives a sophisticated life  but behind closed doors  her husband is abusive and has extramarital affairs.
She is banished.
When she takes a stand.
She goes back.
They too reject her.
Vaidehi soon finds out.
She is pregnant.
Raghu gets.
Results. 
He calls her  faking remorse  and asks.
When he discovers that Vaidehi is pregnant.
Her to return.
Vaidehi agrees  thinking.
Raghu has amended himself.
Raghu and his father plot to become their heir.
She will be killed.
Vaidehi intervenes.
Meanwhile  Vaidehi is informed.
So  she escapes.
She is helped  but  kindhearted thief.
He hears Vaidehi s story and gives her money.
To hide  Vaidehi gatecrashes a wedding procession.
She meets Maithili  a bride-to-be from a middle-class family.
Maithili is marrying a man.
Who hails.
The two women witness Maithili s father being hassled.
He can not afford  and is forced to pay dowry.
Vaidehi tries to convince Raju to give his money.
He initially refuses.
Changing his mind  he returns to give his heist money.
The groom s friend attempts rape.
Having tolerated enough  she degrades the groom s family.
They flee.
Meanwhile  Vaidehi is found  and forced into going with him.
They encounter a protest mob.
Raghu gets out.
Gives Vaidehi the chance to escape.
She arrives.
Where she meets Janki  a theatre actress with her colleague.
Janki is pregnant  but not married.
She does nt care.
She is lusted.
Who keeps his wife.
Puroshottam talks.
Creates a rift.
Janki is outraged messes up a scene.
This leads.
She is assaulted  leading her to have a miscarriage.
Vaidehi confronts Puroshottam.
Who threatens to call her husband.
However  Lata intervenes and takes Vaidehi and puts her on a train.
The train is robbed.
The passengers are saved.
Vaidehi faints.
Bulwa takes her.
Ramdulaari bravely opposes the village leaders Virendra and Gajendra.
Who exploit innocent women  young and old.
All hell breaks loose.
When her educated son  who is trying to educate the villagers  falls in love with Gajendra s daughter.
Gajendra  slyly  locks Ramdulaari and sets out to find her son.
Along  rape Ramdulaari and burn her alive.
When her son runs away.
Kill virendra and his goons.
Vaidehi escapes.
Gajendra is making a move  so  Vaidehi intervenes and exposes Gajendra as a rapist and fraud through a heart-wrenching speech.
When he is applauded.
Drives all the woman.
The speech changes Raghu s attitude.
He decides to mend his ways.
The two return.
Vaidehi gives birth.
Who is named Ramdulaari.
She meets Raju again  and married.
Who is now a taxi driver.
She invites him.
Wherein  all the money goes to fund women s organizations in India.
<EOS>
Subramaniam  an Ayurvedic physician is a much respected man.
His only daughter Anita returns home after completing a course in fashion designing.
Having lost her mother  Anita is close to her father.
They share a special bond.
Soon Anita s marriage is fixed.
His son is a perfect match.
Vedachalam is a good-for-nothing chap.
Illango falls with Anita.
But Anita tells him  her lover Akash.
Who had jilted her.
Illango  though shattered meets Akash and tries to unite him.
He finds himself falling in love with Anita s cousin  Eshwari.
Now the story is.
Anita does not want to hurt her father.
<EOS>
Bridges plays an ex-GI  Frank Pryor.
Who arrives to visit a wartime girlfriend  whom he has nt seen in six years.
His arrival coincides with a man being killed by a sniper.
He finds himself to be a suspect.
Pryor is detained.
Released  he goes  and learns.
She had an intimate association.
Scotland Yard keeps a watch.
Frank tries to unravel the mystery.
<EOS>
It is the Bakumatsu period.
Jiro  a young boy  was a foundling raised by a kindly innkeeper and her daughter in the village of Sai on the Shimokita Peninsula during the last years of the Tokugawa Shogunate  several years before the start of Japan s Meiji Restoration.
One evening  a lone shinobi  appears out and kills Jiro s adoptive mother and sister.
The boy was away.
He finds their dead bodies  a strange dagger and a whole host.
When he returns home.
Who blame him.
Jiro escapes and meets with a buddhist monk called Tenkai.
Rather than stay and face a brutal crucifixion for the grave crime of parricide.
Who works as an Oniwaban.
Tenkai takes the boy.
Who supposedly killed his family and gets him to deliver the killing blow.
Afterwards  his entire village is set ablaze and the villagers slaughtered to cover up the incident.
Tenkai then takes Jiro  and has his subordinates.
Shingo and Sanpei train him so that one day  he may learn of his father.
Tenkai quickly dispatches Shingo to follow Jiro and make sure.
He stays as Tarouza  Jiro s late father.
He comes.
Jiro travels to the mystery of his family line.
The old man s son  Uraka  implores Jiro s help.
He quickly dispatches the punks.
The old man dies.
Jiro and Uraka escape  unaware.
The old man s assailants are actually agents.
The village elder recognizes Jiro s dagger as the Dagger of Kamui.
He states.
It was originally owned  and as given as a gift to a Japanese ninja who married the chieftain s daughter  Oyaruru.
The Elder then tells Jiro.
One day Oyaruru returned alone  and eventually left the village to live upriver by herself.
Jiro seeks out Oyaruru  and learns.
She is his biological mother.
Tenkai had wrought on her family.
Tenkai dispatched Tarouza to find a great treasure large enough to keep the Shogunate in power.
Tarouza  however  broke all contact  and married Oyaruru.
He slashed the face  and sent him floating downriver in the canoe his parents would have used to escape.
When Tenkai and his men caught up.
Tarouza loses an eye to a primitive grenade  and his sword arm to Hanzou.
He falls  seemingly to his death.
Jiro comes  the man was his father.
Tenkai had tricked him.
He stabbed.
Without ever noticing  both Jiro and Oyaruru take in a paralysis potion through the food.
Oyaruru is killed  implicating Jiro in her murder.
Imprisoned  Uraka returns to help Jiro.
The time is at hand.
Revelation  A bloody showdown.
Revelation is revealed until the final climax.
The movie is very accurate directly with historical events such as the Boshin War  and historical figures such as Saigo Takamori  Ando Shozan  Oguri Kozukenosuke Tadamasa  Geronimo  and Mark Twain.
<EOS>
Three men are.
Jaggu  a lawyer and a poet  is serving a sentence.
She was cheating with another man.
Nagya  a man angry  is arrested for murdering his wife too.
He claims.
It was an accident where she falls off the sidewalk while they were.
Ishaan  a happy-go-lucky man  is also arrested.
He commits while.
The prison s custodian is Mohan.
Who attempts several methods to reform the prison s inmates.
A documentary filmmaker  Chandrika comes.
She finds redemption to her troubled marriage.
<EOS>
Lan-Xian has just had her apartment reclaimed.
She plans to move back.
Her mother dies.
Before she could talk.
She moves in and lives with her aunt.
She meets her childhood friend.
Who now works.
Da-Tou then helps her to change all the light bulbs.
Lan-Xian then discovers  he is so close.
Da-Tou has been visiting her mother regularly while she has been away.
She gave him the house key.
Da-Tou offers to give it back.
She lets him keep it.
Her aunt wants to re-visit Shanghai.
Where she and Lan-Xian s mother originated.
Later  debt collectors pastes notes.
They discovered her whereabouts.
Lan-Xian decides to go to Shanghai with her aunt.
Lan-Xian then goes out drunk.
Da-Tou finds her and carries her home on his back.
He tells her.
She sleeps.
He loves her.
She replies .
Do you know that I do nt love you.
Next morning  Da-Tou makes breakfast.
She complains.
Angered  he leaves the house and the house key behind.
Next day  Da-Tou tells.
The London Plane that her mother has planted will be chopped soon.
He then tells her.
He does not understand why she keeps running away and never faces them.
Lan-Xian goes and meets her aunt and mother s old friends.
She sends a SMS and returns the house key to him.
She leaves.
She then learns.
Her mother s friends were asked to go  too.
They stayed behind and got married.
She then learns.
Her own name is a transliteration.
Meanwhile  Da-Tou and Lan-Xian tries to call but never able to actually contact each other.
Finally  Da-Tou calls and Lan-Xian receives the call.
But  she returns the call to Da-Tou from a pay phone.
He tells her.
Her mom s London Plane will be chopped down today.
He then asks her to return and never run away again.
He believes they can find a solution.
She runs out.
She can answer.
The phone hangs up.
As soon  the London Plane is chopped down.
The call is hung up.
Her mom planted.
Lan-Xian looks around her and sees the entire road lined.
<EOS>
Each year  Samuel  Jeffrey and Michael Douglas visit the cabin for the summer.
Mori is highly skilled  and for years has trained the boys.
This year  Mori presents the boys  Samuel becomes Rocky  Jeffrey becomes Colt.
Michael becomes Tum Tum.
Meanwhile  the boys  father  Sam Douglas  leads the FBI  to buy warheads.
Snyder escapes.
Ninjas were.
He explains his relationship and bodyguard Rushmore.
When he returns.
He has known Douglas.
His former master Mori Tanaka trained him.
Snyder arrives to test his old master by sending ninjas after him.
Defying their grandfather s orders to stay  the boys fight a few of the ninjas.
Snyder threatens  he also threatens to rip out his heart.
They are victorious.
Mori and his family s lives if he does not get Douglas.
He does not.
Their father is talking.
When the boys return home.
Douglas hates martial arts.
He is not enthusiastic when the boys try to show him what they learned  and more irritated when they explain their Ninja names.
Snyder arranges to kidnap the boys and tells Brown to hire his surfer nephew Fester.
His friends Hammer and Marcus.
The next morning fail to grab them.
The boys ride their bicycles.
Emily becomes separated and has her bike stolen by bullies.
She becomes mad and walks the rest of the way to school.
Colt and Rocky challenge the bullies to a game of basketball.
Giving the bullies a 9 point lead.
They effortlessly win Emily s bike back.
Meanwhile  frustrated Snyder tells Fester and his buddies to get the children  prompting Brown to aid as backup.
Needed. 
The boys are at home.
When Fester  Marcus and Hammer show up.
The kidnappers subdue the babysitter and lock her.
The boys decide  then their ninja training would be worthwhile.
They can take care themselves.
Using booby traps  they weaken the intruders take Emily.
The boys trick their guard and escape.
They come across Rushmore.
Whom they defeat.
Mori reunites.
Snyder confronts Mori.
Mori is manhandled.
Snyder is much younger.
Mori remembers the jelly beans.
When it seems that Snyder is about to win.
Tum Tum had given him and uses them to gag Snyder.
Mori gains the upper-hand and phases Snyder  more or less winning the fight.
Snyder grabs a gun from one of his subordinates and takes aim at Mori.
Sam shoots Snyder in the arm from the top of the ship.
The FBI takes Snyder and his men.
The group is receiving medical aid.
Sam apologizes  and tells Jerry to fill out the reports himself he needed to take out for pizza.
He had a whole family.
The international cut features a number of small parts of scenes.
Were cut to ensure a PG rating.
Additionally  the boys LOSE the basketball challenge and their bikes  so a scene ends the international version of the film.
Which they fight the bullies to get them back.
<EOS>
Wade  Marina and Merrick smuggle goods to a decadent high tech Russia in the near future.
Wade and his girlfriend are murdered by Merrick.
Realizing  Wade s body is brought back by a secret Russian military organisation.
He might have some worth.
He later escapes and  helped by Katya  goes after Merrick.
Who is a double.
However Merrick used the money.
He stole to buy himself powerful new friends.
It also turns out.
Merrick is just a pawn.
<EOS>
The film begins shortly.
Bridget is ecstatic.
However  Bridget s confidence is shattered.
When she meets Mark s colleague  the beautiful Rebecca Gilles.
Bridget meets her ex  Daniel Cleaver  for Sit-Up Britain and is offered a position as the Smooth Guidess.
Bridget is delighted to be asked to go to the Law Council Dinner  assuming.
He will propose afterwards.
The night does not end well.
Mark and Bridget have an argument.
She walks away.
Mark goes  apologizes  and tells her he loves her for the first time.
Mark asks Bridget.
She d like to go.
Once  she learns.
Rebecca recommended the vacation spot.
The test is negative.
Bridget thinks she s pregnant and after an argument concerning the future of children.
Bridget and Mark have lunch.
They return home.
Bridget is hurt.
When the subject comes up during conversation.
It s not something they re even thinking about yet.
Bridget is upset at him for not giving a straight answer on his reasons and breaks off their relationship.
Bridget decides to go to Thailand to film The Smooth Guide with her friend  Shazzer.
Bridget and Daniel flirt.
Leads alone in a hotel room.
She walks out.
A prostitute arrives.
Bridget puts Shazzer s gift.
Packing from Thailand.
Bridget is arrested and sent.
Airport security dogs recognize cocaine.
Bridget spends her time sharing relationship stories with the inmates and teaching them Madonna s Like a Virgin.
Mark arrives to tell Bridget.
His superiors have sent him to put her release.
Bridget identifies Jed.
Who gave Shazzer the hidden cocaine.
Mark walks away.
He was just the messenger.
Mark confronts Daniel for not helping Bridget.
When she was arrested.
They start a fight.
She is an international human rights celebrity.
She is greeted.
Who have been busy planning their vow renewal ceremony.
She is surprised by her friends and forced him into custody in order to free her  in the process putting into motion the British Government  Mi5  Interpol & many other diplomatic.
Who inform her that Mark was the one who tracked.
Hopeful  she runs down  but finds Rebecca there.
He still loves her.
Who reveals that she does not love Mark  but loves Bridget instead.
Bridget confronts Mark and asks him to take her back.
Mark proposes.
She accepts.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Jeevan is taken from court.
It is the year.
My name is Jeevan.
I feel so depressed to know.
I ca nt see this snow filled morning and the street lamps.
Little would benefit.
The story now moves back  at Kovalam.
Where Jeevan is running a restaurant.
He also is involved.
Popularly and fondly called as ` Uncle   Jeevan is one of the richest businessman in Kovalam  and has no bad vices.
He is a real mystery.
He also keeps everyone away.
Porinju and Kanthi  two jobless youths are involved to meet the both ends.
Both have their own families and personal issues and dreams one day.
They  one day meets Fabien  a European tourist.
Who wants them to get three kilos for huge price.
Both Porinju and Kanthi are allured.
Jeevan supports them.
5 lakhs.
They will give up drug business.
Both Porinju and Kanthi leaves and comes back a week later at night with the stuff.
They directly goes and informs him about it.
Jeevan warns them to be careful.
Both the chaps informs Fabien and asks him to reach below the lighthouse at night.
But  Fabien plays foul and shoots down Porinju.
Meantime Merlin  the girl friend breaks into the house of Jeevan and steals around four lakhs rupees along with gold.
Jeevan comes to the house  but find it completely ransacked.
Kanthi  escaped and informs him about the death of Porinju.
Who got.
He takes Jeevan.
Where Fabien was staying.
But Fabien had escaped with the currency and drugs.
He had jilted.
She was assaulted and left back.
Jeevan finds her.
She informs him.
Fabien is.
They wo nt be able to chase him.
She also informs.
He is a psychopath killer.
Kanthi takes the car and leaves to chase Fabien  but is killed on way by him.
The next day  police recovers the body.
Jeevan is shocked to find.
Merlin has also committed suicide.
Jeevan is main suspect.
Merlin was found dead.
He is arrested and sentenced.
But prosecution could nt nail.
There were no proofs.
He gets 5 year jail term.
It was just weeks.
Fabien enters his jail.
Jeevan agrees to help Fabien.
He pays Rs 5 lakhs.
Jeevan plans everything and is back in jail for a petty crime.
His sole aim is to finish.
The film then jump cuts.
When  all the cops are busy with the celebrations.
Jeevan escapes with Fabien.
He collects Rs.
5 lakhs and pays it to Jeevan.
Jeevan in a fiery fight finishes of Fabien.
Jeevan goes back I am getting sad to know.
When his voice over comes with the visual of him driving the van and images of passing street lights in the plain glass of the van.
I am going to miss these street lights again.
I had great comfort  but only evidence  the real evidence.
When she accepted the money and the happy thing for me is that this time is that they wo nt have any situational evidences.
Its  on my face  on my hands  and everywhere.
He smiles triumphantly and reaches back.
Jeevan walks and opens the door of the van.
When the cops ask.
Where the cops find Fabien s corpse.
<EOS>
Captain Winslow takes a revolutionary new clipper ship  built  on its first voyage.
Mickey Murphy is found stowing away.
Winslow attends.
A dinner hosted and rescues English maiden Lady Jocelyn Huntington from rioting beggars.
Winslow agrees to Boston against an English clipper ship.
He wins the race and Lady Jocelyn.
<EOS>
Laura  played runs away to Mexico after being implicated in a murder.
There she meets a painter.
Who asks her to pose.
She later meets his brother  Julio played and falls in love.
Everything goes wrong.
When her mobster boyfriend comes looking.
<EOS>
A search  a journey  a life s dream fulfilled.
Seventy-seven-year-old Holocaust survivor Alice Zuckerman never gave up hope.
She would find her family  lost.
Alice and her family reunite.
When scribbled notes reveal clues to her past.
Alice takes us.
Seemingly disappeared.
Yet the world remains vital in the hearts of the people.
She meets.
Time Apart  A History is a story  Hope is the last thing to die.
Proves  as Alice Zuckerman says.
The documentary runs 43 minutes  and is produced.
<EOS>
Sathya  son  completes his degree and spends time with friends Guru  Sathyan among others.
Life goes uncomplicated.
He meets Saara.
What starts.
Friendship develops.
Interestingly   she turns it.
When Sathya proposes.
It was only friendship and nothing more than that.
Next comes Meghna.
What starts.
Love ends the same.
Meghna insists.
They part as it was all time-pass for her.
And now  Sathya comes.
They become close friends.
So is Guru.
She throws a bombshell saying.
When Sathya decides to inform Radhika his desire to marry her.
She and Guru are.
However Guru takes her.
Guru deserts her.
Steps.
Who ensures that both gets.
Guru seeks solace.
A do-gooder and an influential man  he takes sides with Guru.
Sathya goes hammer and tongs and ensures.
All ends well.
Also enters Anu.
<EOS>
Operation Bayshield centers.
Offended  the terrorists have stolen an MMX chemical bomb and are staying at an unknown room in a hotel in Vancouver  Washington.
A man named.
The task force finds and stops the terrorists.
Big Jim confronts them as they leave  complaining that they gassed -LSB- his -RSB- girlfriend.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Off the coast of Brittany  four fishermen have set up camp for three months to harvest seaweed.
The ash can be sold for high prices.
Processed correctly.
It is therefore burnt.
Ambroise cuts his thumb on a piece of glass.
Jean-Marie can not find his knife and believes.
Ambroise has stolen it.
Ambroise starts to feel weak.
He discovers.
The thumb is infected and swollen.
He does not tell the others  instead  his attempts to hide the injury makes.
Them accuse him.
Ambroise decides to sneak out and sail to Ushant to see a doctor.
The voyage fails due.
Ambroise collapses on the beach.
People are concerned.
Only one pile is coming from Bannec.
A disquieted group go to the island doctor and ask him to go to the islet.
He promises to do as soon as the tide allows.
Meanwhile the other men discover Ambroise on the beach and carry him to the camp.
Jean-Marie suddenly finds his knife and realises.
He has judges Ambroise unfairly.
He tries to convince the other men to bring Ambroise  but is told.
It is impossible.
Jean-Marie then carries Ambroise.
Struggling.
To keep Ambroise conscious  he sets out to get him.
The doctor has enlisted a crew of volunteers and sets out to reach Bannec.
A thick fog appears.
Both boats have a hard time to see anything.
Eventually   Jean-Marie sees the doctor s boat and calls.
They pass close.
The doctor hears the call.
He boards Jean-Marie s boat and quickly lances Ambroise s thumb.
Ambroise is brought ashore.
He is put.
Jean-Marie visits him and tends him.
The tired doctor receives a message on the other side of the island and sets off.
<EOS>
Sanju is an orphan.
Who works.
Niharika is the daughter.
Sanju and Niharika meet each other and are forced to get married in an unforeseen situation.
The rest is all about.
This couple who never had any intention find soul mates in each other.
Loafer is a progression.
This is yet another interesting youthful film.
Has it package right.
Be it emotions  fights  songs or dances  everything has been calibrated and given.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Who are watching children flying kites.
Amir finds waiting packages of his new novel  A Season for Ashes.
When they arrive home.
Has just been published.
Soraya refers  hinting at the couple s inability to have a child of their own.
Amir then receives an unexpected call.
Who is living.
Ten-year-old Amir is the son.
Baba  a philanthropist and iconoclast  is a Dari-speaking Tajik living.
Amir s best friend is Hassan.
Who is the son.
Amir participates.
Two kite flyers compete to cut each other s kite strings  the defeated kite becoming the prize.
Hassan serves.
Who retrieves the defeated kite.
Hassan has the ability to determine.
Where the loose kite will land.
Hassan has deadly aim.
Amir gives Hassan a slingshot made in America.
Hassan pledges his loyalty.
He would eat dirt if Amir so asked.
Amir also is a writer.
He often reads his own stories or published stories.
Hassan particularly likes to hear the story from the Persian epic Shahnameh.
Baba dislikes his son s timid ways  and complains  letting Hassan fight his battles for him.
Amir does nt stand up.
Amir overhears.
This conversation and Rahim Khan goes.
Amir says.
He believes that his father resents him because Amir s mother died.
Rahim Khan also encourages Amir to keep writing.
Amir and Hassan are often bullied.
Who harbor ethnic hatred.
Assef taunts Amir.
Amir has no friends.
He pays to be his friend  Hassan.
And Assef taunts Hassan.
Amir does not treat him.
Cornered  Hassan protects Amir by threatening Assef with his slingshot.
The bullies flee.
Assef promises revenge.
One day Amir enters the city-wide kite-fighting contest.
His father -- -- watches proudly.
Who was a champion.
Amir breaks his father s record kills.
Hassan sprints off to run the last defeated kite.
He is gone.
Eventually  Amir finds Hassan trapped by Assef and his two goons.
Assef demands the kite for letting Hassan go free.
Hassan refuses  asserting.
The kite belongs.
Amir watches the scene  too afraid to intervene.
Concealed. 
Assef then beats and anally rapes Hassan hold the boy down.
Amir flees.
Later   Amir pretends not to know.
When Hassan emerges  dripping blood.
What has occurred.
Amir  wracked with guilt  avoids Hassan.
Who spends all his free time.
Ali and Baba try to find out.
Whether something has happened.
Amir pleads ignorance.
One day  Amir walks.
Amir often read stories  and finds Hassan teaching himself to read.
Amir accuses Hassan  and throws pomegranates at him  daring Hassan to strike him.
Hassan picks up a pomegranate and smashes it.
Later  Amir asks his father.
Whether he would consider replacing his servants Ali and Hassan.
Baba angrily rebukes Amir  declaring.
Ali has worked and that Ali and Hassan will always stay with them.
Baba throws a massive party.
Amir is unable to enjoy it  watching Hassan serve the guests.
Assef attends.
Amir meekly accepts Assef s gift and.
Rahim Khan   senses and tells Amir.
Who presents Amir.
Something is wrong.
Amir can tell him anything.
The next day  Amir plants his wristwatch  a birthday present  under Hassan s pillow  and tells the Agha Sahib.
Hassan has stolen it.
Hassan falsely confesses.
When confronted.
The Agha Sahib forgives him.
Ali lets.
Him know that he and Hassan can no longer work  and  much to Baba s distress  they pack their belongings and leave.
The Soviets invade Afghanistan.
Baba is disliked.
He leaves his house and flees to Pakistan with Amir.
The travel with other refugees and  along the way  they are stopped by a Russian soldier.
Who demands sex.
Baba intervenes  daring the soldier to shoot him.
The situation is defused.
When the soldier s superiors appear.
Baba runs a service station and operates a stall.
Amir earns a degree and  Baba  though disappointed  says.
Amir wants to be a writer rather than a physician.
Amir can earn money.
Amir s father introduces him to General Taheri  a Pathan  and a former officer in the Afghan army.
Amir is smitten.
The very traditional Taheri   discourages his advances.
Who has little regard.
Baba is diagnosed with lung cancer.
He becomes gravely ill.
General Taheri and his family visit him.
Amir and Soraya manage to convey their interest.
Baba refuses to stay.
He asks his father to ask General Taheri in marriage.
Amir brings him home.
Taheri agrees.
Amir s father tells him.
Soraya wants to speak.
Soraya reveals.
When the Taheris were living  she ran away with a Pathan man and lived with him until her father came to retrieve her.
The Taheris moved to California to flee the gossip surrounding them.
Amir is shocked.
He says.
He still wants to be married.
Amir and Soraya are married  and  soon  Amir s father dies.
Rahim Khan persuades Amir to visit him  and tells him.
The situation is bad.
Amir has an opportunity to be good again.
Amir cancels his book tour and goes.
Rahim Khan tells Amir.
He is dying  but that is not the real reason that he has asked Amir to come.
Rahim Khan then tells Amir.
What happened after he and his father fled Afghanistan.
Rahim Khan managed the house.
A series did nt work out.
He then located Hassan and persuaded him to return to look after the house.
Rahim Khan himself had to flee.
When the Taliban took after the civil war from 1992 to.
One day the Taliban appeared and demanded  declaring.
Hassan vacate the premises.
No Hazara could be.
Hassan refused to surrender the house.
The Taliban executed him  and also shot his wife.
Hassan s son  Sohrab  was taken.
Rahim Khan urges Amir to return to find Sohrab and gives him a letter written by Hassan.
Who had taught himself to read and write.
Amir resists.
Rahim Khan reveals that Hassan was not really Ali s biological son.
Rahim Khan says.
Amir s father had had an affair and was the true biological father of Hassan.
Amir agrees to go.
Who helps him don a disguise and a fake beard and negotiate the Taliban-controlled city.
Amir and Farid go.
Where Sohrab was taken.
Sohrab has been given away.
They are told.
They can meet the Taliban official.
Amir and Farid attend the match.
Where they witness the Taliban stoning adulterers.
Amir manages to get an appointment to see the Taliban official.
He is surprised to find.
He arrives.
It is actually Assef  the former bully  who recognizes Amir.
Assef presents Sohrab.
Assef agrees to let Sohrab go  that is  a beating.
Assef begins pummeling Amir.
Sohrab is able to pull out his slingshot  the same slingshot.
Amir had given when they were boys  and shoots Assef in the eye.
Sohrab and an injured Amir manage to escape their deaths.
But the two get.
They escape.
They find.
When they get back.
Rahim Khan has left his apartment.
He has left a letter.
The next morning  Sohrab has disappeared   he returns.
Amir conducted his search without any luck.
Sohrab reveals.
Assef would rape him.
Back  Amir introduces Sohrab to Soraya.
They welcome him.
But Amir s father-in-law  General Taheri  claiming  demands to know.
He has to answer.
They have taken.
Amir reveals.
Sohrab is his half-brother s son.
The film ends.
To fly kites.
<EOS>
Sex  drugs  alcohol and suicidal tendencies.
This ensemble driven dramedy revolves.
Where the Party-Goers are oblivious amid the celebration of life.
The paths intertwine.
Off-Beat party-goers spontaneously ring at a Hollywood Hills home.
This film explores the celebration amongst the true underlying atmosphere of pain and turmoil.
<EOS>
The movie was based.
Who falls with a high-caste woman named Murali.
Their love finally succeeds.
<EOS>
John is crushed.
When his girlfriend  Mary  announces that she s leaving him to find herself.
John was about to ask her to marry him.
John seeks out advice.
Steve uses backgammon  telling John to roll the dice.
Love is a game.
Mary begins taking advice from her best friend  also employing complicated strategies.
It is revealed.
Both John and Jane share a bitter  complicated past.
<EOS>
Peter is infatuated.
Peter decides to camp on Erica s lawn.
She realizes that she loves him.
He frequently comments on their neighborhood.
<EOS>
A woman is shot.
She was involved.
The press portray her as a tramp.
She moves to the big city of Stockholm.
Order to escape the press.
Where the press eventually catch up.
<EOS>
A group.
Who is an ex-Navy Seal.
When they pull over.
Oscar discovers a shrine.
There. 
They give the boys directions.
They are hesitant to explore  only Oscar and Beth seem interested and convince the others to go.
Enroute  Oscar tells them all the legend  A long time ago  Grimley Boutine and his sister Caroline were the two remaining members of their clan.
Incest was a part  so it was no surprise.
She was carrying his child.
The two were madly  due to be married until one day.
An albino alligator dragged Caroline off.
Grimley sought out the gator.
He would find her alive.
Instead he came.
Going insane  Grimley killed the gator with his bare hands and began to eat its flesh  then moved on to eat his sister and every other piece of flesh in the cave  slowly devolving  becoming half man-half aligator himself.
The others disbelieve the story.
Unaware they are being stalked.
When they finally arrive.
They set up camp for an evening of drinking and having fun.
Meanwhile one is slaughtered by some beast by the river after getting warnings by not defying Grimley.
He ignores.
Randy leaves the group to get more beer.
Returns to catch Karen trying to take advantage Beth and interrupts them.
Emily and Niles  having gone off admit their love and devotion to one another before making love.
Oscar secretly takes photos.
Karen comes and helps him climax.
She walks off and is knocked unconscious.
When he refuses to return the favor.
They d come across.
It is revealed.
Subservient to Lockjaw himself  he takes Karen away.
Randy witnesses this and sees Lockjaw.
They had supposedly gotten far from earlier.
Oscar collapses  claiming  Niles leaves Emily to treat Oscar s shock.
Randy had attacked him.
He goes off.
Randy and Niles both encounter Lockjaw and run  only to be stopped.
Who holds them.
They are able to kill him.
Lockjaw gruesomely murders Randy.
Afterward  Beth awakens  her tent having been moved into a deep dark cave.
She discovers Lockjaw eating one and lets out a horrified scream and is presumably killed by him.
She emerges.
Karen  having been set up to Lockjaw has her feet cut off by her father to lure Lockjaw from the underground saying and seems to recognize her by the necklace Chopper put around her neck.
It must be done  after he leaves Lockjaw emerges from the cavern below the shack.
Instead he follows the party.
Will allow Grimley to impregnate Emily.
Niles attacks.
He manages to knock him into a sinkhole to drown.
He unties Emily.
They start to leave  but Lockjaw attacks again  pulling Emily.
Niles follows.
Later  Emily and Niles  emerge alive.
Who is holding the jaw.
They manage to make their way back and ride off into the rising sun.
Some time later  Chopper comes.
Is hopping in a huge celebration  it is revealed that Beth had survived her ordeals with Lockjaw and now has a baby who Chopper seems sure is going to grow up to be as strong as his daddy.
It reveals.
The screen goes dark.
<EOS>
It is based.
Who skinned.
He was traumatized by his mother  a religious fanatic.
Who taught him that sex was evil and that all women were sinful.
The police came and found her dismembered body  as well as parts of at least 15 other corpses.
When he kidnapped 58-year-old Bernice Worden.
The movie plot centers the girlfriend of a sheriff s deputy and the race to rescue her  something.
Did not happen.
<EOS>
Maya was a spoiled child.
She decides to make fun of a Dr Srinivas.
The doctor insults her saying.
She is a fatherless child.
Maya discovers.
Her biological mother was K.
S Vasundhara Devi  famous singer.
She tries her every bit to make her mom accept her.
Finally her mother accepts Maya.
She is murdered for Vasundhara Devi s wealth.
She make this news.
Maya kills.
She is sentenced.
Srinivas marries her.
She undergoes sentence.
<EOS>
Lionel Powers and Julian Messenger are filthy rich men.
They play dirty  fighting for control over a professional football team in Los Angeles with every weapon at their disposal.
Ends meet.
The billionaires scheme and squabble  the married couple Rita and Jerry Pascoe can barely make.
Their marriage becomes strained.
Homeless people look.
Rich people blackmail one another.
Handouts and Jerry Pascoe is reduced.
The tabloid-worthy secrets lead to dire consequences for all.
The marriage  meanwhile  turns tragi-comically from a terrible climax to fodder for reality TV.
<EOS>
Francisco Mega  a clerk  Grandes Armazens do Grandella  is in love with Tatao.
Who works at Perfumaria da Moda.
Tatao  however  is a cinephile.
Who largely ignores him  whereas Francisco is also an amateur theatre player  so his amateur theatre company  the Grandellinhas  uses its rehearsals O Pai Tirano to present Francisco as a son who split from his tyrant father for love  and woo Tatao.
<EOS>
Young musicians   join a group of old men.
Who usually play Jazz  Funk and Hip Hop.
Who are stars.
Together they form.
A band called Mabulu and mix their different music styles.
The Old Glories   still live and survive   by singing songs.
They are affectionately called.
They have.
Describe the sad and funny details.
<EOS>
A corrupt prison system comes.
Who challenges the system.
Silvia refuses to cooperate.
When she comes around to induce her to take drugs.
Gets her severely beaten.
Outraged with a handful of corrupt wardens and drug barons  Silvia vows revenge  and  with the help of some inmates and a decent warden  she escapes from prison for one night to carry out a plan.
Is meant to eliminate the drug traffickers  Susana  and their prison minions.
<EOS>
Odin  king of Asgard  wages war against the Frost Giants of Jotunheim and their leader Laufey  to prevent them from conquering the nine realms  starting with Earth.
The Asgardian warriors defeat the Frost Giants and seize the source.
Odin s son Thor prepares to ascend to the throne of Asgard  but is interrupted.
When Frost Giants attempt to retrieve the Casket.
Thor travels to Jotunheim to confront Laufey  accompanied by his brother Loki  childhood friend Sif and the Warriors Three  Volstagg  Fandral and Hogun.
A battle ensues.
Odin intervenes to save the Asgardians  destroying the fragile truce.
Odin strips his son of his godly power and exiles him to Earth as a mortal  accompanied by his hammer Mjolnir  now protected by an enchantment.
Allows only the worthy to wield it.
Thor lands   find him.
Where astrophysicist Jane Foster  her assistant Darcy Lewis and mentor Dr Erik Selvig.
The local populace finds Mjolnir.
S.
H.
I.
E.
L.
D.
Agent Phil Coulson soon commandeers.
Delivered Thor.
Thor  having discovered Mjolnir s nearby location  seeks to retrieve it.
H.
I.
E.
L.
D.
Quickly constructed but he finds himself unable to lift it.
Is captured.
He is freed and resigns himself to exile on Earth.
He develops a romance.
Loki discovers.
He is actually Laufey s son  adopted after the war ended.
A weary Odin falls to recover his strength.
Loki seizes the throne and offers Laufey the chance to kill Odin and retrieve the Casket.
Sif and the Warriors Three  unhappy  attempt to return Thor from exile  convincing Heimdall  gatekeeper of the Bifrost -- the means of traveling between worlds -- to allow them passage to Earth.
Aware sends the Destroyer  a seemingly indestructible automaton  to pursue them and kill Thor.
The warriors find Thor.
The Destroyer attacks and defeats them  prompting Thor to offer himself instead.
Struck  Thor s sacrifice proves him worthy to wield Mjolnir.
The hammer returns  restoring his powers and enabling him to defeat the Destroyer.
Kissing Jane goodbye and vowing to return  he and his fellow Asgardians leave to confront Loki.
Loki betrays and kills Laufey  revealing his true plan to use Laufey s attempt on Odin s life as an excuse to destroy Jotunheim with the Bifrost Bridge  thus proving himself worthy to his adoptive father.
Thor arrives and fights Loki.
Odin awakens and prevents the brothers.
Loki allows himself to fall.
When Odin rejects his pleas.
Thor makes amends  admitting.
He is not ready to be king  while and her team search for a way to open a portal to Asgard.
Selvig has been taken to a S.
H.
I.
E.
L.
D.
Facility  may hold untold power.
Where Nick Fury opens a briefcase and asks him to study a mysterious object  which Fury says.
An invisible Loki prompts Selvig to agree.
He does.
<EOS>
A frustrated family is through the Pine Barrens Forest of New Jersey.
When their car breaks down.
.
Day turns to night  the family members venture and disappear into the ominous forest outside.
They find themselves besieged  occupied by a family of psychopaths.
They seek help.
<EOS>
It is.
Who is late everything.
He is late.
She married.
A girl  Nat Ta Mi  is feeling disappoint and fall.
<EOS>
The film begins.
We see Pinhead digging Andre Toulon s grave.
Pinhead opens up the coffin  climbs out  and pours a yellow liquid  with Tunneler  Leech Woman  Blade and Jester watching.
The skeleton raises its arms  indicating.
Andre Toulon is alive again.
A few months later  a group  led by Carolyn Bramwell  are sent to the hotel to investigate the strange murder of Megan Gallagher and the lunatic ravings of a now insane Alex Whitaker.
It is explained.
Megan s brain was extracted.
Alex  suspected  is now locked up in an asylum.
He begins to experience terrible seizures and premonitions.
That very evening  one  decides to leave after spotting two of the puppets in her room.
However   Pinhead and Jester attack and kidnap her.
Packing. 
The next day  Carolyn talks.
That very evening Carolyn s brother Patrick gets his head tunneled.
Another investigator  Lance runs in  knocks Tunneler out  and kills him.
They realize.
The puppets are not remote controlled  but rather that their gears and wood are run.
They deduce.
The chemical must be the secret.
The next morning   a man named.
Still trying understand the puppet s motivation.
Eriquee Chanee comes in  stating that he had inherited hotel  and that he was while the investigators moved in.
Afterwards  Camille s son Michael travels.
What happened.
That very evening  Blade and Leech Woman go.
Where Leech Woman kills the husband  Matthew  but gets thrown by the wife  Martha.
A new puppet  Torch  walks in and burns Martha.
Before Martha shoots Blade.
It is then revealed.
He created Torch.
He believes.
Carolyn is a reincarnation.
Toulon then has a flashback and Elsa buying the formula of eternal life from a Cairo Merchant.
The next morning  Michael and Carolyn go to find Camille and to find out more about Eriquee Chanee.
It is revealed and need the secret ingredient.
The puppets are killing because they are growing weaker.
Makes that formula  brain tissue.
Carolyn finds no records  and starts to connect Eriquee to the disappearance of Camille and the death of her brother  Patrick.
She also realizes.
She has a crush.
That same evening  Carolyn and Michael kiss  and have a little romantic interlude.
Do Lance and Wanda  the remaining two investigators.
Blade kills Lance  killing Wanda afterwards.
Wanda goes back.
He uses their tissue for the formula.
Carolyn sneaks into Eriquee s room  and finds two life sized mannequins in the wardrobe.
Eriquee sneaks up  and still thinking  ties her up.
She is Elsa.
Michael  hearing her screams  wakes up and goes to rescue her  all while fighting off Torch  Pinhead  and Blade.
The dumbwaiter opens  revealing Jester and Michael s dead mother  Camille.
Toulon transfers his soul  and explains.
He decided for them to live together forever.
The puppets   realize.
Toulon used them  and start torturing him.
Michael then breaks.
Torch sets Toulon on fire  causing him to fall out a window and die.
Afterward  Jester goes back with the remaining of the formula.
Several days later  it is revealed.
Camille s soul has been put  and is now running her own little puppet show.
Blade  Pinhead  and Jester  are locked up  leaving Torch free.
Camille takes them.
Camille puts the puppets  and Torch up on the passenger s seat  and drives off  leaving this movie as a.
<EOS>
A group of fresh young American soldiers are sent to patrol in a nearby jungle.
Who arrive.
They return.
They have killed a few Viet Cong soldiers and losing a couple in the battle.
They are now sent.
Is to destroy a Viet Cong village.
They embark through a jungle to board a helicopter and return to camp.
They destroy the village.
But  it s only a matter.
Who will survive the Viet Cong s gunshots and make it.
<EOS>
Gerald Boulet was.
He founded the rock band Offenbach with his brother Denis.
The group saw great success and peaked.
Offenbach disbanded and Boulet started a solo career with great success in Quebec.
He was diagnosed with colon cancer and died in 1990  at the age of.
<EOS>
A compulsive gambler attempts to cure his addiction  only to find old temptations cropping up once again.
When he s sent out to investigate a dubious car accident just outside.
John decides to give up gambling and take a shot at a normal life.
Arriving and landing a job at an auto insurance company  John goes to work for Mr Townsend.
Who pairs him and sends them out on an investigation together.
He s reluctant to go anywhere.
John is eager to get a promotion.
He strikes up a tenuous romance.
He leaves.
Virgil and John encounter a series of offbeat characters including Ned  a nude militant  Tasty D Lite  a wheelchair-using stripper  and a carnival human torch.
But  John gradually begins to assert himself.
Virgil is the one.
Soon his efforts begin to pay off.
The case moves closer.
He becomes increasingly aware.
John s confidence grows.
Running away is not the solution  and that he ll only be able to move forward by returning to Las Vegas to face his demons head on.
<EOS>
Lee Reyes plays Pat Morita s grandson.
Who is the last.
His grandfather sends him to apprentice.
Who is the American Ninja  to gain experience.
Lee Reyes cares only and has little interest in the ways of the ninja.
David Bradley also owns a boat.
Anne Dupont varnishes his boat.
Order to meet the American Ninja.
When she was asked to tarnish it.
Anne Dupont is kidnapped  and so the American Ninja and Lee Reyes sneak onto a plane to Venezuela to save her.
Having dinner.
It is revealed.
Anne Dupont is the daughter  under the employ of Clement von Franckenstein  who is being forced to develop a nerve gas for a Latin American despot.
Ninja fighting ensues.
The American Ninja must reawaken the ancient ninja tradition.
The American Ninja and Lee Reyes can rescue Anne Dupont and her father.
James Lew is defeated.
David Bradley returns to kiss Anne Dupont on the bow of his boat.
<EOS>
Dr Fred Steele and Eve Barnett work together.
Steele has just had his request.
He and Eve look forward.
However  their budding romance is quickly put.
The station s scientists learn they must deal  and which is on a collision course with Earth.
The brilliant but cantankerous Professor Benson  living  predicts.
The Outsider will not strike the Earth but will simply make a close pass -- a prediction that no other scientist will endorse.
Meanwhile  a military base encounters the stray planet on its approach to Earth.
Commander Robert Cole and his wife Cathy quickly travel to help with the effort.
The base scientists are elated.
When the Outsider passes the earth  just as Benson predicted.
But Benson himself is stunned.
When the Outsider takes up an orbit round Earth.
He concludes.
The Outsider must be controlled.
He calls to destroy it without delay.
An expedition is launched to make a close study of the new planet.
A number of disc-shaped alien spaceships emerge from beneath the planet s surface  destroying the Earth vessels.
The phantom planet begins spiraling inward  creating hurricanes and storms.
The beginning appears to be near.
Professor Benson discovers.
The alien ships are.
He devises a way to seize control from the Outsider.
Benson is given the opportunity to join an expedition  to learn something of its underground base.
Meanwhile  a plan is hatched to launch an all-out attack  in the hope.
A massive nuclear strike will break the planet apart.
Benson s expedition discovers a race dead at the controls of their.
The automated systems continue their work.
But the expedition has overrun its allotted time.
The order is given to begin the attack.
It is a race.
The members try to get back to the ship before the nuclear warheads strike.
Cathy is mortally wounded to flee the Outsider.
Benson refuses to leave  insisting.
Life is not worth living.
The warheads reach their target.
The Outsider is successfully destroyed.
Commander Cole speaks Benson s epitaph  Poor Benson.
If they d opened up his chest  they would only find a formula where his heart should have been.
<EOS>
Anthony is caught and pleasing his father and fiance.
Encouraged  Anthony finds inspiration from a mysterious older woman in an other worldly night club.
Who teaches him to find happiness.
<EOS>
Pooch and a girl coonhound sailed  looking to take photographs of King Klunk  the largest gorilla in the planet.
A pack of chimpanzees were doing a dance ritual as well preparing a meal for their gigantic gorilla leader.
King Klunk immediately showed up  excited to get his lunch.
But seeing  he rejects it.
The amount was inadequate.
The hungry gorilla saw.
Thinking what he should feed on.
Pooch and the girl coonhound walked away.
King Klunk then quietly captures Pooch s partner and replaces her.
Pooch  unaware  still carried on in his exploration.
He even hold the hand.
The pup realized and was most surprised.
When he looked back.
The lady chimp started following him  wanting to make Pooch her date.
He ran.
The chimp cupid suddenly appeared and shot him.
When King Klunk had the girl coonhound and was ready to devour her.
Rather than eating her  the love-stricken gorilla chooses to merely hold that dog and give warm smiles.
Pooch continued running.
He lost the lady chimp.
Pooch   ran up to the top of King Klunk.
He runs again.
The gorilla immediately saw and blew him away.
Where he falls.
Pooch swam toward what looked like a harmless boulder extending above the surface.
In turns out suddenly.
The rock was actually a sea serpent that rises.
The sea serpent chased Pooch but could nt keep track of its prey.
The sea serpent then saw.
Therefore wants to make a meal out.
Not wanting to relinquish anything  King Klunk puts.
The girl coonhound safely and goes on to brawl with the sea serpent.
The two beasts traded attacks.
Eventually  King Klunk came out the victor.
Pooch swings vines and rescues her.
When the girl coonhound is back.
The two dogs swinged their way.
Pooch and the girl coonhound found a giant egg and pushed it toward their chaser.
The gorilla goes.
King Klunk was motionless and admits defeat.
Pooch and the girl coonhound tied King Klunk to the back of their boat and pulled him across the Atlantic.
They decided to take their creature.
King Klunk  in chains  was presented at a theater.
Where spectators come to see him.
Suddenly  the chimp cupid reappeared and shoots him.
His mood was again changed.
King Klunk once again set sights and starts straining the chains.
The spectators panicked and fled the theater.
King Klunk was able to escape and starts chasing the crowd.
He eventually finds.
The girl coonhound  picks her up  and climbs a sky scraper.
Determined to salvage his sweetheart  Pooch boards a fighter plane and tooks off.
The little dog then fires his machine gun and cannon.
Pooch ultimately brings down King Klunk and plummets on the street.
Who falls.
Pooch and the girl coonhound were together again.
<EOS>
The short involves a character named Andre being awakened by a pesky bee named Wally B.
Andre distracts the bee.
That he can run away.
Wally B.
Chases Andre and eventually catches up.
Him then stings him.
Wally B.
Later reappears.
Soon though  Wally B.
Gets hit as a last laugh.
<EOS>
Tom finishes reading a book and prepares to sleep  setting his alarm clock to ring in the morning.
However  this is also time to get up.
The mouse s alarm-watch rings and Jerry showers and grooms himself.
He hears Tom snoring and stops.
Before he enters the elevator and descends.
Says Le Cellar Smoque displayed.
Jerry arrives and has a martini.
Then  Jerry begins playing drums.
Puts the club.
He tries to block the elevator doors.
It s not enough to stop the noise.
He lowers a hose.
His smug laughter is interrupted.
Who drags Tom downstairs and throws him.
Dripping wet  Tom goes back  and then decides to stop the noise at its source  by grabbing some tools and heading down to the basement through the air vents.
Hearing the music  Tom saws a hole in the floor and uses the plunger  but the music is coming from a radio.
To make matters worse  the large dog pulls Tom up and punches him back up to his apartment room through the floors and his bed.
Now  completely bruised and sleep deprived  Tom cries over this and puts corks  wraps up his head with bandages and tries to settle down to sleep.
Thankfully  the music stops  causing Tom to wake up  lose the bandages  and pop the corks.
Then a tired Jerry is seen leaving the elevator.
<EOS>
A brother and sister  Jacob and Marie  live.
The family is.
Where living becomes difficult.
One day Jacob and Marie s father abandons the two in woods.
They go collecting firewood.
The two teens must fend for themselves  fighting off rape and taking on any possible situation  reacting to situations as if animals.
Their mother put a note telling them to go to their aunt and uncle in Spain.
They arrive to find them both deceased.
Not sure  Jacob  feeling hungry  goes to buy a roll  and finds.
What to do.
A note left that she has gone off to marry a rich man named Diego.
Jacob arrives  ominous in spite of its brightness  and finds much to distrust in Diego.
Diego  a surgeon  then plots to steal Jacob s kidney to help his sick sister Theresa.
Diego drugs both Marie and Jacob and separates the brother and sister.
She finds Jacob severely injured in a stolen car and both brother and sister drive away.
Suddenly they are chased.
Diego s car crashes off the road.
Jacob and Marie take shelter.
Ailing Jacob gets healed.
Diego comes to take Marie and kill Jacob.
The days pass one windy day.
Jacob kills Diego by shooting an arrow.
Jacob and Marie bury Diego s body.
They sneak under the house.
Police come and search the house and leave.
Jacob and Marie sit relaxed on.
<EOS>
Colin Sullivan is introduced by Irish-American mobster Frank Costello in the Irish neighborhood of South Boston.
Costello trains him to become a mole.
Sullivan is accepted.
Focuses. 
Billy Costigan is asked to go undercover.
He graduates.
His family ties make him a perfect infiltrator.
He drops out and does time in prison on a fake assault charge to increase his credibility.
Sullivan begins a romance.
Both infiltrate their respective organizations.
Costigan sees her and also develops a relationship with her.
Both moles become aware.
Costello escapes a sting operation.
Sullivan is told to find the rat and asks Costello to determine.
Who is the informer.
Costigan follows Costello.
Where Costello gives Sullivan an envelope containing personal information.
Costigan then chases Sullivan.
Neither man knows the other s identity.
When it is over.
Sullivan has Queenan tailed.
Costello s men go in.
Queenan is killed.
Costigan pretends.
When they exit.
He has come to join them.
Later  Costello s henchman  Fitzgibbons  reveals.
Delahunt  a crew member  was an undercover cop.
Dignam is forced to step down.
Using Queenan s phone  Sullivan reaches Costigan.
Who refuses to abort his mission.
Sullivan learns from Queenan s diary  causing him to worry about his identity being revealed.
Costello is traced to a cocaine.
Where a gunfight erupts  resulting in most of the crew being killed.
Costello  confronted  admits.
He is an occasional FBI informant.
Sullivan then shoots him multiple times.
Sullivan is applauded the next day by everyone on the force.
Costigan comes to him for restoration of his true identity  but notices the envelope from Costello on Sullivan s desk and flees.
Knowing  Sullivan erases all records from the police computer system.
He has been found out.
Madolyn tells Sullivan  but does not reveal.
She is pregnant.
Who the father is.
Later  she discovers a package.
Sullivan walks.
She is listening and tries.
He contacts Costigan.
Who reveals that Costello recorded every conversation he had.
Costello s attorney left Costigan.
He intends to implicate Sullivan.
They agree to meet.
Where Queenan died.
Costigan catches Sullivan.
Handcuffs him.
Officer Brown appears as well.
Costigan had secretly arranged.
Shocked  Brown draws his gun.
Who attempts to justify his actions.
Costigan asks Brown.
Dignam did not accompany him.
Brown does not answer.
Costigan leads Sullivan.
Costigan is shot by Officer Barrigan.
When it reaches the ground floor.
Who then shoots Brown and reveals that Costello had more than one mole in the police.
Sullivan shoots him.
When Barrigan turns.
Sullivan identifies Barrigan as the mole and has Costigan posthumously given the Medal of Merit.
Sullivan and Madolyn stand at the grave.
Sullivan attempts to talk.
She ignores him.
Dignam  wearing hospital footies and surgical gloves  shoots him.
When Sullivan enters his apartment.
<EOS>
The Wild Stallion is about an 11 year old girl  Ohio named Hanna Mills.
Who wants to photograph wild horses and to try to help save them.
Her mom died a few years ago.
The girl learns about illegal activities.
Might jeopardize the mustangs.
She learns about the horses including the legend of the black stallion.
She makes a new friend.
<EOS>
An officer is a hero in his daughter Hyun-ji s eyes.
He s a corrupt cop  interested only in bribe money and pretty women.
He is totally selfish and takes great pains to keep himself out  avoiding the danger inherent in his job.
One day   Dae-ro faints and is taken.
There he is told.
He has a brain tumor and has about three months to live at most.
To provide  Dae-ro plots his own death.
Will appear accidental so that she will collect a sizable insurance premium.
<EOS>
Thirty years ago  Robert Hyde  an outcast college student  was killed by the five members of the Delta boys.
His tortured spirit has been haunting the campus  waiting for the perfect opportunity for revenge.
A generation has passed.
The sons are the new big men on campus.
Robert has the perfect plan to kill every one.
He s taking.
She changes to sorority swan  assuring her entry into the in-crowd s inner circle.
Becky does nt understand.
What s happening.
She loves her newfound popularity.
She fears.
She s going insane when her special powers start causing tragic accidents.
The Delta boys begin dropping one.
Her sudden social status and its powerful effects have left her full.
Can she prevent a student body massacre.
<EOS>
Berlin is a city divided between Cold War lines with inhabitants of the Communist East trying to escape to the West.
Even these escapes are common and successful.
Colonel Stok  the head  contacts British Intelligence and informs them.
He wants to defect.
Secret agent Harry Palmer is sent to find out and arrange his escape.
Stok s offer is genuine.
Palmer was once involved and was given the choice of joining British Intelligence or going to jail.
Returning  he is re-united with his old associate  German national Johnny Vulkan.
Who also works.
Vulkan arranges to go to East Berlin to meet Colonel Stok.
A house in the country and his escape must be carried out by Kreutzmann  a Berlin gangster responsible for the most successful escapes.
Stok claims.
Kreutzmann s escapes have led his department to be investigated and that he must get out before things turn nasty.
Returning  Palmer is picked up by a beautiful young woman called Samantha Steel.
Who invites him but instead takes him to her flat for drinks  dinner and presumably more as Palmer is next seen leaving her place in the morning.
Not taken  Palmer hires a burglar to search her apartment to figure out  feigning surprise by exclaiming.
Who she really is.
You ve been burgled.
The thief discovers a number under different variations of her name and a little black book in her safe.
Lists names.
Returning  Palmer finds.
It too has been ransacked.
Palmer negotiates an arrangement without revealing the details of the one.
Whom the British want to get.
Kreutzmann demands a set of travel documents but refuses to say.
Palmer tests Stok.
Order to determine how sincere he is.
The test seems conclusive and Palmer returns.
The documents manager back at MI5  Palmer receives documents in the name of Paul Louis Broum.
He notices the same name  with next to it the figure of $.
He places the envelope to Berlin.
Palmer asks Hallam.
Who Broum is.
Hallam shrugs  saying Just a name.
Palmer returns and makes a point of letting her see the envelope with Broum s name.
Dropping all pretence  she admits.
She is an Israeli agent.
Broum is a Nazi war criminal.
Who stole millions during the war and hid it in a Swiss bank account.
The Israelis need the papers.
Order to reclaim the money.
Palmer refuses to give her the documents.
She threatens to kill him.
He needs them to pay Kreutzmann.
Kreutzmann and his men murder an elderly East Berliner -- actually a woman employed.
Whose body is claimed.
A body transfer is arranged.
It is hijacked and replaced with another.
The hearse makes its way.
Contains a different coffin.
The coffin is taken and delivered to an abandoned warehouse.
Where Palmer and his associate Vulkan are waiting.
But it is found to contain the dead body.
When the coffin is opened.
He and his men never knew.
Well informed.
Stok was the intended client.
He is knocked unconscious.
Palmer can get away.
Who gets hold only to be held up by Samantha and two other Israeli agents who take away the papers.
Vulkan tells Palmer.
He was knocked out.
They then go.
Where they report.
Palmer tells his boss  Colonel Ross.
Ross is caught at their mention  exclaiming  The Broum documents.
You know it  too.
There s things.
You re not telling me.
Ross then reveals to Palmer that.
A resistance fighter called Johnny Vulkan and assumed his identity.
Ross got hold and used them to blackmail Broum into working for him.
Palmer expresses disdain  saying  I did nt know Her Majesty employed ex-Nazis   And thieves  Palmer.
Which Ross replies dryly.
Ross has nothing.
That the documents are missing.
To keep a hold.
You ve bungled everything else  Palmer  Ross says.
Go ahead and killl him.
Palmer retorts angrily  I m not killing anyone.
Back  Palmer has a chance street encounter with Stok.
Who is over.
The affable Russian confirms.
His supposed defection was just a trap to get rid.
Laughing  Stok advises.
He climbs back.
If you need to get out  ask Vulkan.
He knows the way.
Meanwhile  Broum/Vulkan goes and gets the documents back.
He then meets Hallam  the Intelligence official.
Who gave Palmer the Broum documents.
However  Hallam takes a quick look.
They now have and determines that they are forgeries made.
Hallam goes  saying.
He has been sent to get the real documents back.
Palmer and Hallam go.
Which Broum and Hallam intend to slip.
Broum kills Hallam and makes away.
Palmer reminds Broum.
Broum holds Palmer.
Though Broum has secured cooperation to open a secret hole in the wall for his attempt to escape to the Eastern sector.
Broum orders Palmer to give him his light-colored overcoat and hornrimmed spectacles  saying.
He might resemble Palmer.
They wo nt shoot.
He then makes a dash before getting to the wall.
Steel sees the figure  and orders a fellow Israeli agent armed.
Appears to be Palmer.
Paul Louis Broum he intones.
He stands.
You ll find the documents.
I have some fiction to write.
If you ll excuse me.
Back  Ross reads with satisfaction a newspaper account of the incident based on Palmer s report.
Spins the event to be that.
Palmer accepts Ross s compliment  saying Yes  I thought.
Colonel Stok would appreciate that.
Ross is pleased saying  That new car  Palmer  I believe.
You ve been wanting.
You ve earned it.
Standing  Palmer replies  No thank you  sir  I ll walk.
Palmer is seen  making his way across a crowded public square as the closing credits roll.
Ross swivels.
Palmer has resigned from British Intelligence.
<EOS>
Burt Munro is a sort.
However  that recognition is contrasted.
Who are fed up.
Burt travels to participate in the Bonneville Speed Week  his longtime dream.
He experiences bureaucracy  skepticism and the coldness.
When Burt arrives.
It is his blunt but gregarious nature.
Overcomes each hurdle.
He wins  a transvestite woman named Tina.
Who assists him and helps him in buying a car.
The car salesman allows Burt to use his shop to make a trailer and later offers him a job of the cars on the lot.
Burt declines the offer  however  and shortly afterwards begins his long trip.
Burt meets many people  including a Native American  a woman named Ada  and an Air Force pilot.
Who aids him when his trailer fails.
Who helps him repair his trailer and briefly becomes his lover.
Who is.
He finally arrives  only to be turned away by race officials for not registering his bike for competition in advance.
However  various competitors in the Bonneville series intervene on his behalf.
He is eventually allowed to make a timed run.
He achieves.
851mph then falls to a stop.
His leg is burned  yet he succeeds in his quest and sets a new land speed record.
<EOS>
The documentary dramatizes the recruiting and training into the Greek police force during the military junta rule.
A number are selected based on a number of traits viewed as exploitable by the recruiters  illiterate  anti-communist  young and male  drawing comparisons to the Cambodian torturers at Tuol Sleng.
Of whom were old.
The film also interviews Michalis Petrou  a conscript.
Who served and was trained to become one of the most notorious torturers of the.
Petrou s testimony reveals.
The training methods themselves were brutal and often torturous and was viewed to ensure the robotic and brutal obedience of the trainees.
The directors draw parallels to modern military recruit trainings and the methods used in the training of soldiers.
<EOS>
Dorm Daze 2 unfolds.
The class are trying to put on a play to win a contest.
Sexy and scheming Gerri and stoner Pete are competing.
Newmar is trying to have sex.
Rusty is just trying to have sex he can.
The creepy Dante runs.
Meanwhile a priceless stolen jewel is loose.
Everyone is.
<EOS>
The film takes places shortly before and during World War II.
The story focuses on their sufferings.
Hong Kong falls.
Years later  a woman narrates her personal story.
She s Nam  young  attractive  daughter  and prey to painful  disabling seizures.
Her boyhood friend is Coolie Keung   he s now impoverished  a tough kid  a leader.
Whose family used to have wealth.
Into the mix steps Fay  cool and resourceful  an actor  intent on getting to Gold Mountain in the US or Australia.
They form a trio.
The day  the invasion stops them.
They are to leave Hong Kong.
Fay must rescue Keung  Nam falls in love with Fay.
Danger awaits their next attempt to escape.
<EOS>
Sue Charlton  a feature writer  Richard  travels to Walkabout Creek  a small hamlet in the Northern Territory of Australia to meet Michael J.
Crocodile Dundee  a bushman reported to have lost a leg.
She finds.
His leg is not missing  but has a large scar.
Offended  Sue goes out alone to prove him wrong  but is attacked by a crocodile and rescued by Mick.
She is incapable.
She finds herself becoming attracted.
Sue invites Mick to return to New York City on the pretext of continuing the feature story.
There he is perplexed but is still able to overcome problematic situations including attempted robberies and two encounters with a pimp.
Mick is upset and decides to go ` walkabout.
When Richard proposes marriage to Sue.
Sue  having refused Richard  follows him.
There  she can not reach him  but has members of the crowd relay her message to him  whereupon.
He walks on the heads and raised hands of the jubilant crowd and embraces her.
<EOS>
17-year-old Richard Samuels meets theatre director Orson Welles.
Who unexpectedly offers him the role  at the Mercury Theatre.
Welles is having an affair.
His wife is pregnant.
Richard finds.
Ambitious production assistant Sonja Jones is attracted.
Welles tells Richard a few days  he fears.
He is worried  because he has recently had nothing.
He will finally have bad luck  and that the play will be a flop.
Richard accidentally sets off the sprinkler system  soaking the entire theatre.
He suggests.
When accused.
The catastrophe was the bad luck that Welles needed to get out.
Welles decides.
The entire production crew would benefit.
Richard cheats to ensure.
He is paired.
Richard spends the night  but becomes jealous.
When she spends the next night.
He confronts Welles  mentions his pregnant wife  and is fired.
An apparent reconciliation follows.
Richard performs.
The anti-fascist adaptation is a huge success.
Richard is told and   he has again been fired.
Welles only needed him.
Done. 
The broken-hearted but wiser Richard finds a new girlfriend  a young aspiring playwright.
Whom he met at the film s beginning.
<EOS>
Wanda Nash  an actress  decides to masquerade as Princess Olga from Sweden.
Order to land a film contract.
The liner Mammoth bound for New York  she runs into King Mantell  a concertina-playing band leader with a criminal record in his past.
Both are blackmailed.
Darcy.
They become two  and must find the real killer before the five police detectives traveling on the ship can pin it on them.
Darcy is killed.
<EOS>
The movie is.
Adored  Prashanth gets a shock.
When Vijayakumar informs that he is his foster son.
A shocked Velan sets out.
He reaches Chennai and comes to know.
His family members were killed.
He had then vowed to kill him and his gang.
He starts to kill rowdies in the society.
Suffering an injury  Velan loses memory and is later adopted by Vijayakumar.
He comes to know.
His job was just.
The rest is.
He puts an end coming to Chennai.
<EOS>
The film begins.
When suddenly  the alarms begin to sound.
Junyer excited wakes up and exclaims  - Oh  boy.
Henry asks.
They obey.
Dad gets angry and stars a clock.
Mom replies  - But  Henry  -  Henry shouts  - Well.
Then mom and baby bear make several activities to please Dad  but getting only cause discomfort and misery  ending with a theatrical presentation.
Which there are three numbers  of which the latter has a song called Let s Give A Cheer.
This number ends.
Who have dressed Henry as the Statue and end up shooting fireworks  as an allegory of July.
<EOS>
The fictional game begins.
There are five play levels  each.
The two heroes each have a preferred fighting style  one primarily uses a baseball bat.
He also uses Uzis.
The other utilizes a variety.
Numerous special attacks are used.
Are specifically named.
You are Entering a World.
The pirate baby is defeated.
<EOS>
Header parallels the grueling psychological journeys taken.
Who returns home to be with his handicapped grandfather  Jake Martin.
Stewart struggles to provide.
Whose medicine cost more than he can afford.
Is until he starts running narcotics.
Meanwhile  Travis  grandfather educates his grandson and encourages him to enact revenge.
Their stories become linked and descend.
When Stewart begins to investigate the nauseatingly violent murders in the area.
Both Stewart and Travis blindly follow the motivating force  justifying their actions along the way.
They re led down colliding paths.
<EOS>
John Resko is condemned at the age of eighteen.
It is.
Christmas and Resko wants to give his baby daughter a new teddy bear.
He goes   into a shop and tries to get the shopkeeper to give it to him saying.
He will pay him later.
The shopkeeper refuses  Resko grabs a gun.
He saw and points it at the man.
The shopkeeper lunges and is shot.
Pardoned  Resko is sentenced to Dannemora prison.
Where he has difficulty adjusting behind bars.
It becomes even less bearable.
His wife has left him and that his father has died.
Resko does long stretches.
But he is befriended eventually.
Who help him to pass the time.
Resko s work is seen.
When he takes up art.
Who believes him to have promise.
After 18 years in prison  Resko is released.
His daughter and granddaughter are waiting.
When he gets out.
<EOS>
When the movie opens Devan murdering photographer Jeeva.
Jeeva strategically positions a video camera to capture the impending murder.
Devan never shows his face.
And  the audio is lost.
When Jeeva shouts out the name before dying.
Devan zeroes.
The police search.
He follows Chetta but is apprehended by CBI officer Ratnavel.
But  he begins to help Devan  even hiring successful lawyer Chakravarthy to fight.
Ratnavel realises Chetta s true nature.
The flashback shows  Devan wants to avenge the death.
Devan s sister was killed.
Villain is killed.
<EOS>
Amanda Pierce  a New York paintings conservator working  has very bad judgment in men.
Is proven when she walks with a supermodel.
Amanda begins looking and finds one with four struggling models  Jade  Roxana  Candi  and Holly.
She starts spying to try to find his flaw.
When Amanda discovers that Jim Winston  the guy she likes  lives across from hers.
One night Amanda sees Jim kill a woman  Megan OBrien.
The police arrive.
They do nt believe Amanda because she is the only witness.
The evidence is gone.
Annoyed.
What has really happened.
She confronts him.
When Amanda finds out.
Amanda s judgment turns out to be wrong.
Jim s -LRB-  is blown.
Who turns out to be undercover cop  Bob Smoot.
Who was trying to gain Halloran s cover.
Amanda discovers.
Jim is investigating Halloran  a Russian man who has been smuggling and who Amanda has been privately restoring a painting for.
Later  Jim  Amanda and her roommates get captured.
Later escape.
When Roxana seduces their Russian guard and with the help realize what Halloran was really doing  smuggling diamonds.
Amanda  Jim  and the models go and take down Strukov.
They are all awarded special commendations from the FBI.
Jim asks Amanda  but she refuses.
The cops take care.
They can start over.
Jim leaves.
Amanda and Jim meet again.
The movie ends.
When Bob takes Amanda up and shows her the view  which turns out to be of Amanda and the models  apartment.
Lisa and the models are jumping around happily.
Bob and Amanda laugh.
They kiss and close the curtains.
<EOS>
13 year old Vineetha and her father  Dr Vinayachandran goes to visit her grandfather John Samuel on the death anniversary of Veena s mother Neena.
Who died.
The movie flashes back.
When Vinay meets Neena.
<EOS>
The film falls.
The first part involves Wallis struggling to develop a means.
Working  as well as doing his own job at Vickers  he works feverishly to make practical his theory of a bouncing bomb.
Would skip over the water to avoid protective torpedo nets.
It would sink  making it much more destructive.
When it came with the dam.
Wallis calculates.
The aircraft will have to fly extremely low to enable the bombs to skip over the water correctly.
He is told.
When he takes his conclusions.
Lack means they can not go ahead with his proposals.
Angry and frustrated  Wallis secures an interview.
Who at first is reluctant to take the idea seriously.
But he is eventually convinced and takes the idea.
Who authorises the project.
The second part involves Bomber Command forming a special squadron of Lancaster bombers  617 Squadron  to be commanded by Wing Commander Guy Gibson.
He recruits experienced crews  especially those.
Wallis continues his development but has problems  such as the bomb breaking apart upon hitting the water.
They train.
This requires the drop altitude to be reduced.
He succeeds.
Only a few weeks to go.
The mission can go ahead.
The bombers attack the dams.
Several Lancasters and their crews are lost  but the overall mission succeeds.
Two dams are breached.
The film s reflective - triumph is greatly tempered by the sobering knowledge.
Last minutes convey the poignant mix.
Many died.
<EOS>
An enormous alien ship enters Earth s orbit and deploys 36 smaller saucer-shaped ships  each 15 miles wide.
Position themselves.
David Levinson  a satellite technician  discovers transmissions hidden in satellite links.
He believes the aliens are using to coordinate an attack.
David and his father Julius travel and warn his ex-wife  White House Communications Director Constance Spano  and President Thomas J.
Whitmore.
The President  his daughter  portions and the Levinsons narrowly escape aboard Air Force One.
The alien spacecraft destroy Washington D.
C.
New York City  Los Angeles and other cities.
Meanwhile  USMC Captain Steven Hiller is part.
His girlfriend Jasmine Dubrow  her son  Dylan Dubrow  and their pet dog survive the destruction.
The next day  July 3  Jasmine commandeers an abandoned maintenance truck to drive.
She picks up several survivors and also finds the injured First Lady.
Who had been flying out by helicopter when it was knocked down in the alien attack.
Captain Hiller leads a squadron of the spaceships.
The ships are found to be guarded.
Repel any attack.
They also release fighters armed.
Hiller captures an alien pilot.
The rest is annihilated in a one-sided dogfight.
Hiller is picked up.
Dragging the unconscious alien.
The group includes Russell Casse  an alcoholic.
Who claims to have been abducted.
The refugees take the captured alien.
Where Air Force One has already landed.
Area 51 conceals a top secret facility housing.
A recovered spacecraft and alien bodies stored in.
The captured alien regains consciousness and reveals.
Its species roams the galaxy  consuming planets  resources.
The alien tries to psychically attack President Whitmore  but is killed.
A nuclear attack protected ship over Houston results in failure.
Captain Hiller  wanting to find Jasmine  steals a helicopter and travels back.
Where he finds Jasmine  the First Lady and other survivors.
The President and his daughter  Patricia Whitmore  later visit the First Lady.
Where she eventually dies.
David devises a plan to use the 1947 spacecraft to sneak into the mothership and introduce a computer virus before detonating a nuclear weapon inside the ship.
The computer virus will filter down  deactivating their shields  the plan is to simultaneously attack the 36 city ships.
Their shields are down.
Hiller volunteers to be the pilot   giving him unique knowledge.
He is the only person to have seen them and survive.
David decides.
He must go along to upload the virus.
The President  a former fighter pilot  rallies the refugees and garners a number of volunteers  including Casse.
Morse code is used to contact forces.
Order to coordinate the attack.
Whitmore leads an attack.
The virus is implanted and lowers the shields.
They run out.
The fighters damage the alien ship.
The ship prepares to fire its main weapon.
Casse has the last missile.
It jams.
Russell sacrifices himself.
His children are sheltering and would likely be killed by a successful firing of the aliens  main cannon.
As it is about to fire.
Destroys the whole ship.
Other forces bring down the remaining destroyers using Casse s method.
David and Hiller are discovered  but  their ship is freed.
When they fire their nuclear weapon.
They escape to spare.
The mothership is destroyed and the 1947 spacecraft crashes  with David and Hiller emerging safe and sound from the wreckage.
The world celebrates.
The main characters watch debris enter the atmosphere.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
Indian singer Himesh Reshammiya is arrested after a concert for murdering the television journalist.
HR is put.
The incidents begin to unravel.
The movie goes.
Khurana and his partner Ruby.
HR meets the event organizer.
He also meets the event and it s love at first sight.
Love blossoms.
Hansika s father approves of the match.
Things take a turn.
When HR is arrested.
He asks Ruby  also a lawyer  to bail him out.
But hell hath no fury.
Ruby is.
The rock star loves Ria.
He escapes after taking the murdered TV journalist s father Feroz as captive.
He has to find the actual murderer single day.
Else his sweetheart will be married off.
The only way  he needs Ria s help.
To stop this happening.
He approaches Ria.
Who is currently ignoring him.
HR and Ria together solve the mystery.
They income a lot of suspects.
HR  Shravan  and Ria approach Ruby.
They browse in Khurana s office to find.
Acute losses gave Khurana the motive to frame HR.
HR then proceeds to confront Khurana and   he catches up with him.
HR tricks him into revealing his motives.
A Hindi = speaking tourist/native translates.
HR is declared innocent.
Khurana reveals.
He wore a face mask to appear and committed the murder to frame him.
HR is released  Khurana is arrested.
Ria marries HR.
Shravan then agrees to feature Ruby of HR s music video.
Therefore  the movie ends to HR singing the song Mehbooba with Ruby dancing while being recorded to it.
<EOS>
Set  the peaceful life of the Nogami Family suddenly changes.
When the father  Shigeru  is arrested and accused.
His wife Kayo works frantically to maintain the household and bring up her two daughters with the support of Shigeru s sister Hisako and Shigeru s ex-student Yamazaki.
Her husband does not return.
WWII breaks out and casts dark shadows.
Kayo still tries to keep her cheerful determination  and sustain the family.
This is an emotional drama and an eternal message for peace.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Who impulsively gives up his settled life to buy Manet Hall  a newly restored plantation manor.
He has always been drawn to.
Local legends claim.
The house is haunted  and shortly after Declan moves in he begins hearing voices and seeing things.
Declan is also distracted to Cajun local  Lena Simone.
Lena was raised by her grandmother Odette  and has her own deep connection with the manor.
Declan begins to have visions and details of events.
Living. 
Took place.
Declan and Lena realize.
They are inextricably linked  and uncover a shocking secret that has been hidden there for more than 100 years.
<EOS>
Former minister Travis Jordan still lives  after losing his faith in God three years before.
When his beloved wife was murdered.
The criminals never found.
Suddenly  miracles happen  the new veterinarian s son survives a van accident without a single scratch  Travis  dog Max revives after being buried  twice  a paraplegic walks  a scarred teenager and her police officer father heal  outside and inside.
Either a group of three men wearing black were seen nearby  or only their tall  blond leader   he is coming.
Who seems to want everyone to know.
Very a scruffy  gentle-mannered newcomer arrives  Brandon Nichols implies through his healing work and preaching.
He s Jesus Christ or a better version.
The local population worships Brandon   disclosing.
Travis and Morgan feel that something is wrong and conduct an investigation.
Evil has possessed the town dwellers.
<EOS>
A teenage girl chronicles her best friend s obsession.
<EOS>
Telly Paretta believes.
Her son  Sam  died fourteen months ago.
Her husband Jim tells her.
She s delusional and that they have never had a son.
Dr Munce tells her.
She s delusional and imagining a life that might have been.
He recommends.
She be sent.
She runs away and meets.
Who she thinks is the father.
He dismisses her  claiming.
He never had a daughter  and calls the police.
However  he remembers his daughter and rescues Telly.
She is taken.
Together they escape and go.
Telly and Ash capture an agent.
Whom they threaten.
The agent reluctently reveals.
He and other agents are merely helping them and that they do so to protect humankind.
The roof off and the agent  along with the roof  is sucked into the sky -- presumably taken by them.
Telly and Ash flee.
Eventually  Telly visits Dr Munce again.
He reveals.
The disappearances are the work  and that the government monitors their trials  all too aware that they have no power to stop them from doing whatever they want.
Doctor Munce takes Telly and the dilapidated hangar of Quest Airlines.
Where he introduces her.
He tells the agent.
It s over.
To stop the experiment.
It will only cause more harm.
The agent replies  saying.
Then tells Telly.
She has been a part.
Her memories could not be erased.
Telly refuses to deny her son s existence.
She is then shown a door.
She sees her son playing with toys.
She tries to cross the doorway  but is repelled.
The agent mentions.
If he fails to erase her memory then he will look.
The agent then subdues her and finally succeeds.
A question about the name of her son triggers Telly s memory of her pregnancy  and all of her memories of Sam return.
This causes the agent to be abducted himself.
This ends the experiment.
Telly finds herself living a normal life.
She remembers everything that has happened.
She reunites at a park.
Also at the park is Ash  watching over his daughter.
He has no memory of.
What has happened.
Telly re-introduces herself.
The two sit and watch the kids play.
The accident was changed.
When the film was aired.
<EOS>
The drama opens.
Some is based on fact.
And some is nt  and then proceeds to portray the princess.
She finds.
Herself partnered at a party that dissolves into an evening of sexual shenanigans.
She and the impoverished photographer begin to meet frequently.
The two wed.
When their relationship is made public.
Is admired.
Who are shocked.
Their constituents are struggling to get.
The turbulent marriage falls victim.
She treats him.
He eventually moves out.
She frequents  she and Tony escape and try to present a united front for the press.
When she is caught with the pianist from a restaurant.
Their scheme backfires.
When they are criticized.
To escape the limelight  Margaret invites herself.
There she meets Roddy Llewellyn  a considerably younger aspiring pop singer.
Shortly.
She learns Robin Douglas-Home  with whom she once had a highly-publicized affair  has committed suicide.
Roddy suggests she stay at his cottage.
He shares  to avoid the press.
A diligent photographer manages to catch them.
Tony Armstrong-Jones then announces.
The couple will divorce.
Margaret s continued drinking  experimentation  and deepening depression lead to her being hospitalized for several weeks for.
What is described.
She returns to Roddy.
Who announces he is marrying one.
Margaret departs.
She is seen standing in the surf and pondering her future.
<EOS>
Sindbad the Sailor proclaims himself  in song  to be the greatest sailor  adventurer and lover in the world and the most remarkable  extraordinary fellow  a claim.
Is challenged with Olive Oyl and J.
Wellington Wimpy.
Sindbad orders his huge Roc  Rokh  to kidnap Popeye s girlfriend  Olive Oyl  and challenges the one-eyed sailor to prove his greatness  including fighting Rokh  a two-headed giant named Boola  and Sindbad himself.
Popeye makes short work.
Sindbad almost gets the best.
Popeye produces his can.
A subtly dark running gag features the hamburger-loving Wimpy chasing  with the intention of grinding it up so.
He can fry it.
The duck not only escapes  but also snatches away Wimpy s last burger.
When he gives up.
Many make use of the Fleischer s Tabletop process.
Used modeled sets to create 3D backgrounds.
<EOS>
Johnny is a successful banker.
Who lives with his fiancee  Lisa.
They share an intense relationship characterized.
Lisa has inexplicably become dissatisfied with her life.
One afternoon confides.
She finds Johnny boring.
Her mother counsels her  Lisa decides to seduce Johnny s best friend  Mark.
Financial stability is more important.
Mark gives in.
He is initially reluctant.
Their affair continues.
Though Mark appears reluctant and repeatedly tries to break off the relationship.
Lisa  meanwhile  having come  decides to stay with Johnny for financial support and the material goods.
She wants it all.
He can provide her.
Johnny s clout slips  Lisa alternates between glorifying and vilifying Johnny to her family and friends  both making false accusations of domestic abuse and defending Johnny against criticisms.
Meanwhile  Johnny  having overheard  attaches a tape recorder.
Lisa confess her infidelity.
Numerous subplots involving secondary characters begin to develop  Denny  a neighboring college student  has a mysterious run-in with a drug dealer named.
Whom Johnny financially supports and loves.
Whom Johnny and Mark overpower and take.
Denny also lusts  ultimately confessing his attraction to Johnny   Denny resolves to propose to his own girlfriend.
Johnny tells Denny that Lisa loves him.
Johnny takes.
Whose identity he is sworn to protect.
Claudette experiences real estate problems  bemoans failed relationships  and informs Lisa.
She has breast cancer.
Michelle and her boyfriend  Mike  sneak.
Peter  a psychologist friend  alternates between defending Lisa and assessing her as a sociopath.
Results. 
Each receive little exposition.
None are ever resolved.
Steven  a previously unseen friend of Lisa s and Johnny s  catches Lisa kissing Mark and confronts her about the affair.
The rest are outside.
Lisa expresses no remorse.
Mark angrily urges Steven not to tell anyone.
Johnny announces.
Lisa is pregnant  only to tell Steven and Michelle that she lied about it in order to make it interesting.
Lisa flaunts her affair in front of Johnny.
Who physically attacks Mark.
Johnny locks himself in the bathroom  prompting Lisa to make plans to leave him for Mark.
Johnny finally comes out and retrieves the cassette recorder to an intimate call between Lisa and Mark.
He attached  and listens.
Claiming  Johnny destroys his apartment and then kills himself.
All have betrayed him.
Denny  Mark  and Lisa discover Johnny s body sometime later.
Mark and Denny blame Lisa  with Mark declaring.
He does nt love Lisa.
Denny asks to be left alone.
Lisa and Mark instead decide to stay and comfort one another.
The sound grows louder.
The Room DVD Bonus Features  Q&A Greg Sestero has been questioned.
His only response has been if only you knew.
Wiseau has confirmed  explaining.
The character is mentally retarded.
He wrote the character this way so that he would be confused.
<EOS>
World War II has ended.
Major Larry Briggs finds out.
His friend Mike has only a short time to live but does nt know yet.
Determined to show Mike a good time  Larry takes a flying job working.
He dies.
Everything is set.
Maris  secretary Susan Cleaver gets shoved.
Mike falls.
Susan and Larry convinces her to play along.
Susan  however  has fallen.
<EOS>
Max Dembo  lifelong thief  is released and forced to report to a boorish and condescending parole officer  Earl.
One is.
Max find a job.
He meets Jenny Mercer.
Who helps him land scale-wage work.
Jenny accepts his invitation.
Where it s clear that she is smitten.
Earl pays a surprise visit  finding a book of matches.
Max s friend Willy recently used to cook heroin.
He is handcuffed and dragged back.
Max clearly has no track marks or other signs.
Jenny visits him and gives him her number to call.
When he gets out.
Max is picked up.
Blood tests prove he s clean.
Who feels he actually gave Max a break.
Earl pushes Max to name the user.
Max  realizing  decides to pummel Earl  take control  and handcuff him to a highway divider fence with his pants around his ankles.
He will never get a break.
This stunt makes a straight life impossible.
Max returns  robbing a Korean grocery store and planning bigger heists with some willing old accomplices.
Max and his friend Jerry decide to up the ante and clean out a Beverly Hills jewelry store.
The job is botched.
When Max takes too long.
Willy  acting  panics and takes off  leaving Max and Jerry to flee on foot.
Police convene.
Jerry is shot and dies.
Max shoots a police officer.
Max escapes  settles the score with Willy by killing him  and escapes L.
A.
Though  Max has second thoughts as to their prospects on the lam.
He decides to leave Jenny for her own good  telling her.
He will be caught no matter what as he drives away.
<EOS>
Teenager Gauri goes to live.
Her parents pass away.
She is ill-treated there  made to do all the housework  and abused.
She is also asked to work.
Her earnings are taken away.
One day  Kashinath is summoned.
Where he is told that since Gauri has been convicted  she is placed under his care for 12 months.
Kashinath undertakes to look.
She manages to escape  and beats up Bankelal.
Who had originally accused her.
The Police are summoned again.
This time Gauri is placed.
Gauri revolts.
She is placed.
Where she ends up breaking all the windows and furniture.
Then one day she escapes  beats up Bankelal severely  and returns back.
She is once again placed.
Then Ashok and his associate Murlidhar find out.
Bankelal had framed Gauri.
They inform the Police.
Who make Bankelal confess.
Gauri gets a pardon  and is asked to leave the orphanage.
She refuses to do so and stays.
She will always obey Ashok.
She proposes to stay and look.
When Ashok has a heart attack.
Ashok wants her to leave and get married.
The question remains  will Gauri disobey Ashok or keep her promise and get married.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
It is soon revealed.
The woman is attempting to escape imprisonment.
She is taken back to Lane s home and executed in front of the other slaves  as punishment for her actions.
Meanwhile  kickboxing champion David Sloan and his trainer Xian arrive.
Sloan dismisses the idea.
Xian is mostly interested.
Their camera is suddenly stolen.
Eating lunch.
Sloan immediately gives chase.
He catches up to the boy.
Who then brandishes a knife.
Sloan easily disarms him and takes back the camera.
Xian invites both Marcos and his beautiful sister Isabella to join them.
When the boy follows him back.
They eventually become friends.
Sloan is asked to be the cornerman for another young fighter in a match against Eric Martine  an Argentine kickboxer.
Whose overly aggressive behavior leads Sloan to intervene.
Excited  Lane eagerly arranges the fight.
Later  Sloan brings both Marcos and Isabella.
Sloan once again crosses paths with Lane.
Who is instantly infatuated.
Lane secretly sends out a group.
When Sloan parts ways for the night.
Marcos asks for Sloan s help.
They file a police report  but  the authorities do not consider their case a priority and advise them to simply forget about Isabella.
Frustrated  Sloan and Xian decide to launch their own investigation.
Ultimately leads.
The two continue their search  only to find.
Lane bails them out.
The trail inevitably leads right back.
They attempt to confront Lane  but are subsequently ambushed and taken prisoner.
Lane then proceeds to torture Sloan  forcing him to engage in a series of grueling exercises designed to weaken him before his match with Martine.
He then releases both men back.
Which point Xian is able to create and administer a cure.
Sloan manages to defeat Martine.
Xian is successful.
Lane can flee the arena.
She tells him about the other girls.
Lane has captured and imprisoned.
Sloan resolves to free them as well.
Lane pulls a gun on Sloan intending to shoot him.
Marcos suddenly appears and stabs Lane.
The police chief decides to cover up Lane s murder.
Sloan arranges to attend school.
They have missed their flight back home.
<EOS>
An unnamed British ghostwriter is recruited to complete the memoirs.
His predecessor  Mike McAra  died in an apparent accident.
The writer travels.
Where Lang is staying.
The writer is checked.
Lang s personal assistant  Amelia Bly  forbids him to take McAra s manuscript  emphasizing.
It is a security risk.
Lang is accused by former Foreign Secretary Richard Rycart of authorising the illegal seizure of suspected terrorists and handing them over for torture by the CIA  a possible war crime.
Lang faces prosecution.
He stays.
S.
Or any other country.
That does not recognise the court s jurisdiction.
The writer is moved at Lang s house.
Reporters and protesters swarm the island.
Where personal belongings have not been cleared out yet.
Lang travels.
The writer clears the room  finding an envelope containing clues suggesting McAra may have stumbled.
Is a handwritten phone number.
The writer encounters an old man.
Who tells him that the current could nt have taken McAra s body.
He reveals  but later fell off a ladder and went.
A neighbour saw flashlights the night the body was discovered.
The writer is later intercepted.
Who take him back.
There  Ruth admits.
Lang has never been very political  and until recently had always taken her advice.
She suddenly rushes out to clear her head.
When the writer tells her the old man s story.
She confides in the writer.
Lang and McAra had argued the night before he died.
She and the writer end up sleeping together.
The next morning  the writer decides.
He is getting too intimate back to the hotel.
He uses pre-programmed directions on the vehicle s GPS.
Lead him  at the estate of Professor Paul Emmett.
Emmett denies anything  despite the writer showing him two photographs of the two of them  as well as another one on the wall of his study.
Emmett denies any knowledge and becomes evasive.
When the writer tells Emmett that the GPS directions were programmed the night McAra died and that his predecessor visited him.
The writer leaves Emmett s estate.
He is followed  but manages to elude it.
The writer boards the ferry.
He flees the boat into a small motel by the ferry dock.
When he sees the car that had followed him drive aboard.
Not knowing  the writer dials the handwritten phone number  only to discover it belongs.
Who to turn.
Who inquires and indicates he ll pick him up.
The writer does a Google search and finds.
Waiting. 
He is linked with a military contractor through his think tank.
He also finds leads.
Connect Emmett as far back as the 1970s  when the agency recruited academics for the creation of propaganda material to be used abroad.
He tells the writer.
When Rycart arrives.
McAra supplied him linking Lang to torture flights.
He also reveals.
McAra had found something new before he died  confiding to Rycart that  the clues would be in the beginning of the book.
The men can not  however  find anything.
The writer.
He found  theorizing that he recruited Lang  to which Rycart agrees  saying that  for all his tenure as Prime Minister  all of Lang s decisions were aimed at helping the U.
S.
He confronts Lang and accuses him.
When the writer is summoned to accompany Lang.
McAra was outing him out.
Lang derides his suggestions.
Lang is assassinated by a British anti-war protestor.
Who is.
The writer is questioned.
S.
Authorities  his passport withheld  though later recovered by his publicist.
The writer is asked to complete the book for posthumous publication.
It will be a.
Amelia unwittingly tells the writer.
The Americans tightened access  as the beginnings contained evidence that threatened national security.
She also tells him.
Emmett was Ruth s tutor when she was a Fulbright scholar.
The writer realises  and discovers the message  Lang s wife Ruth was recruited by Professor Paul Emmett of Harvard University.
The clues were hidden at the beginning of each chapter.
Ruth shaped Lang s every political decision to benefit the United States.
The writer passes a note.
She unfolds the note  and is devastated.
She is kept.
When she sees the writer raising a glass.
A car accelerates.
The writer leaves the party he attemps to take a taxi   and as he crosses the street.
Sound effects and flying papers indicate.
He has been hit.
<EOS>
Elizabeth has recurring headaches and is plagued.
She is receiving letters.
Elizabeth ca nt remember knowing anyone named Lizzie.
Her psychiatrist  Dr Wright  discovers.
When Elizabeth is.
Elizabeth has three personalities  The shy Elizabeth  the Mr Hyde-like Lizzie  and the kind  well-adjusted Beth  the woman she always should have been.
It is up to help Elizabeth to become Beth completely.
<EOS>
Set  Jackie Moon is a singer.
Who has used the profits.
The ABA Commissioner announces a plan to merge the league.
Only four teams will move.
The Tropics  the worst team  are in danger of dissolving.
Jackie argues.
The teams overall should be merged into the NBA.
The Commissioner reluctantly accepts Jackie s offer.
Jackie trades away the team s washing machine.
That the Tropics have somewhat to be an NBA franchise.
Soon  the Commissioner reveals  the Tropics will also need a stable fan base and have an attendance.
As well as having a top-four record.
Jackie begins to stage extremely desperate stunts.
Travers  Peter.
The Ferrell Factor.
Rolling Stone 3/20/2008 .
The Tropics begin playing better  as well as the increased intensity of Clarence Withers.
Monix soon takes over.
Monix trains the team.
He calls the puke  as the players are to run it.
The Tropics go on a winning run  moving them up from last to fifth.
Suddenly Jackie  now extremely excited  gets a visit from the Commissioner.
The Commissioner tells the team.
The NBA does not think that Flint has a large enough media market and will not allow the Tropics even if they beat the first place San Antonio Spurs on Saturday.
Distressed  Jackie admits.
He stole Love Me Sexy.
Now realizing  Jackie trades Withers.
All his assets   are basically stolen.
That he may realize his dream.
Monix inspires the team to leave everything and still have a lot to prove.
While they may not be able to continue the franchise  they have come very far.
Going.
Moon declares the MegaBowl.
They would make it.
They have no chance.
The game begins.
The Jobes  Tropics fall behind quickly.
Jackie gets fouled hard by Spurs player Petrelli while going up for a shot and is injured.
Withers decides.
He has seen enough and rushes locker rooms with the rest of the team  which angers the Spurs players and Coach.
An unconscious Jackie imagines.
He is.
He apologizes and then she gives him a weapon in order to win the final game of the franchise.
Awaking  he tells the team.
What they are going to do to win.
Back  the Tropics reveal their new weapon  the.
It is very effective.
He leads the charge.
The referee calls the play a foul  but.
Some persuasion  is soon convinced that it is a legitimate score.
The Tropics take advantage and begin coming back.
Monix then takes a charge and calls.
Them to run the Puke by two points .
The play gives Jackie the ball.
He gets fouled hard again.
Moon sinks the first basket.
The second rebounds off.
Monix tips it to score a victory for the Tropics.
The Coach Withers his position back on the team.
The now-former ABA Commissioner offers Jackie a position  as a marketing director.
The Commissioner is mauled.
As Jackie is about to accept.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Michelle  a troubled teenager  is once again returned after escaping and is put in a straight jacket and then locked in a room.
She manages to get the attention.
Who just seems to sit.
Who the staff ca nt seem to get a word out.
Marie helps Michelle.
The pair run off together.
Brigitte wants to leave on her own but Marie wants to go with her.
The two form a friendship.
They follow a group.
Who they encounter and as they roam the countryside with this group they get involved in crime and murder.
They later meet a group.
Who try them and as the police close in.
They share a kiss.
They die.
<EOS>
The film opens  a successful mentalist is talking on the phone with his much younger wife Allison.
She wishes.
Him luck as he departs to give an interview.
But she is.
Gil is a trying actor.
We soon learn.
She is planning to have Gil kill Arthur.
Their plan is to have Gil storm the house pretending to be a burglar and than point a gun.
Who would die.
The night comes.
Gil storms the house but Arthur sees him.
He can reach the gun.
Gil presents himself there to make an interview with Arthur.
He and Gil have a hearty conversation.
It turns out.
Both men have something.
Gil knows.
Arthur knows.
Gil is not a journalist.
Gil is not panicked.
He uses Arthur s competitive behavior to make him do 50.
Tires Arthur s heart.
Soon Gil draws the gun  the two men struggle.
Arthur apparently shoots Gil.
He is distraught  then Gil comes behind him.
When Allison comes home.
Arthur stumbles and screams in pain  then laughs and applauds.
The two lovers look on.
He knew for a long time.
Now he is out to get them  but suddenly Arthur s lawyer and best friend George comes.
It turns out.
He is Allison s real lover.
Gil was just there to do the dirty work.
George shoots Arthur and she and Allison depart.
Some time afterwords Allison returns and finds Arthur s body gone.
It turns out.
Arthur knew too.
Arthur points the gun.
She asks him.
What is he going to do to which he replies  Why do nt you read my mind.
<EOS>
Snubbish  quick-tempered Henry Greene and his fiancee Isabelle Perry stop.
There  they meet retired Judge Dempsey  an amiable man.
Who befriends the Southern belle  much to Henry s dismay.
Famous opera singer Tino Caraffa  a charming but notorious playboy  is there as well.
Whose real name is Gus Di Ruvo.
Gus and Isabelle  an opera fan  get acquainted.
Henry is gone to move his illegally parked car.
He s incensed to learn.
When Henry returns.
The two have been dancing together.
He wants Isabelle to leave.
She refuses and breaks off their engagement  returning his ring.
Henry tries to get the police to help him force Isabelle to leave.
She has been kidnapped.
Judge Dempsey sets them straight  getting Henry arrested and taken away.
Gus offers to put Isabelle up  assuring her.
His intentions are strictly dishonorable.
The Judge warns Isabelle.
She is adamant.
She has fallen.
So  too  has Gus  overwhelmed  he spends the night in Judge Dempsey s apartment.
The next morning  Henry returns and tries to get Isabelle to come back.
She assures him.
She has not lost her virtue and wants to know if he is still pure.
He insists.
It is entirely different.
She reluctantly agrees to remain engaged.
He leaves to wait.
Gus arrives and proposes marriage  but she does not believe.
He loves her.
She leaves.
They find Isabelle there  crying.
When Gus and the judge go to get a drink.
She confesses.
She does love Gus.
The judge goes to tell Henry not to wait.
<EOS>
A merchant marine captain  Gideon Patch decides to stay.
Order to prove that it was sabotaged to collect insurance.
<EOS>
Tinker Bell is born  and is brought by the winds to Pixie Hollow.
She learns.
Her talent is to be one and fix things.
Two other tinker fairies  Bobble and Clank  teach her their craft  and tell her.
Who visit the mainland to bring each season.
Tinker Bell is thrilled and can not wait to go.
She meets Silvermist  a water fairy  Rosetta  a garden fairy  Iridessa  a light fairy  and Fawn  an animal fairy.
Out working.
She notices Vidia  a fast-flying fairy.
Who immediately dislikes her.
Vidia challenges her to prove.
She will be able to go.
Tinker Bell creates several inventions.
She shows.
But Tinker Bell soon learns.
Only nature-talent fairies visit the mainland.
She tries her hand  making dewdrops with Silvermist  lighting fireflies with Iridessa  and trying with Fawn to teach baby birds to fly.
She fails miserably at all.
Meanwhile  Bobble and Clank cover.
When questioned.
She tries to explain.
When Tinker Bell returns.
Mary simply responds.
She knows  and expresses her disappointment.
Tinker Bell finds parts of a music box and figures out.
To put them together.
Iridessa  Fawn  Silvermist  and Rosetta witness her doing this  then tell her --  the mainland should not matter.
She was tinkering and that she should be proud.
This is what she s good.
But Tinker Bell still wants to go.
She asks Rosetta.
She will still teach her to be a garden fairy.
Rosetta says.
She thinks that tinkering is Tinker Bell s talent.
Tinker Bell asks Vidia for help in becoming a garden fairy.
Vidia craftily tells her.
Capturing the sprinting thistles would prove her worth.
However   she lets the captured thistles loose.
She sees Tinker Bell making progress.
Tinker Bell destroys all the preparations for spring.
Tinker Bell decides to leave.
Important his job is.
Tinker Bell redeems herself.
Quicken the process.
This allows the other fairies to get back  thus saving the arrival of spring.
Vidia is punished.
Queen Clarion allows Tinker Bell to join the nature-talent fairies.
When they bring spring.
Tinker Bell is given the task.
The narrator ends.
A broken clock starts to work  it all means.
One very special fairy might be near.
<EOS>
Captain Kirk Redgrave and his first mate  Flint Weaver  are two pirates.
Who set out to be the fiercest pirates.
The movie begins.
He happens and begins to tell the audience the legend of a young man.
Who wanted to find his fortune.
The young man meets a mapmaker and ends up at a cursed mountain cave filled with treasure.
He is attacked and killed  ripping the map in his attempt to escape.
Taking the riches.
Back   Kirk finds a map tucked into the inside of a shoe Flint fished out of the lake.
Flint and Kirk raid a boat.
The two ca nt help but plunder an unattended corn stall to the library to find the origin of the mysterious map.
Either it s real.
There  a librarian aids the boys.
It s fake.
She shows them a page.
Unfortunately  the book is and can not be checked out  much to Kirk s irritation.
Kirk notices an unattended photo copying machine.
Trying to tear the page out.
They use to photocopy the page and their faces.
Later  Kirk becomes frustrated and throws away the map  complaining.
He ca nt decipher it because a pirate map is only good.
Flint saves the map.
Kirk recounts the story.
Camping outside.
He became a pirate three weeks ago.
His mother walks.
She is disgusted and announces.
She is taking him because this perversity is not natural.
Kirk takes his leave  putting and tucking in his sword.
She says he s not a pirate.
He steals a tandem bike and disappears off.
They come.
He continues to talk.
Nick.
Has a large hole.
Kirk maintains.
The ship is hardly scratched.
The next day   Flint speaks more.
Relaxing. 
He is cut off.
Who notices an elderly woman and her father picnicking.
They run before approaching the two picnickers  completely exhausted and out of breath.
The woman congratulates Kirk and Flint before giving them drinks and food.
Kirk becomes irritated.
When the woman is nt intimidated and walks off in exasperation.
Flint explains.
Captain Kirk ca nt eat any thing he does nt steal  because it s the pirate s way.
The woman revokes her offer before handing Flint the food and watching him run off to tell Kirk.
The old man complains how he hates Star Trek.
He stole the food while her back was turned.
Kirk then complains.
Pirates are no longer menacing.
He admits maybe it s time to lower the flag.
Flint again mentions the map and  they could hire a menacing  bloodthirsty crew  buy a real ship and swords and girlfriends.
It could solve all their problems.
Kirk then claims.
He s been thinking.
He thinks it s time to start an expedition.
They plunder a child s cookie and juice stand and are chased.
Flint accidentally spills juice  revealing a coincidental symbol.
Enjoying their rewards.
It is identical.
Flint had fished out at the beginning of the movie.
Whether the Great Salt Lake is a sea or an inland lake.
It s not Mount Crevice Real Estate they re after  it s Mount Crevice herself.
They pass McGrath s Fish House.
Walking back.
Where Flint and Kirk first met.
Flint recounts.
He met a girl named Ruby.
He asks her out.
She turns him down.
He s too nice a guy.
He steals her megaphone and leaves  meeting up on his tandem bike.
Kirk hands him his eyepatch.
The two ride off together.
Flint takes a moment to visit Ruby again.
Who comments before leaving with her boyfriend.
The next day  Kirk breaks in  pretending to break a window by smashing a bottle on the ground.
They raid the house  stealing everything to silverware to the pirate memorabilia in Kirk s room.
They bring everything.
Where they sell it.
The pawn shop owner  Drake  offers to buy the treasure map.
Shopping. 
Kirk drinks some old water.
Makes him sick.
Flint pawns the bike.
Flint announces the whereabouts of the boat.
Drake calls to watch the store.
Shopping at the grocery store.
He can go down and harass Kirk and Flint for the treasure.
Drake shoots Kirk in the shoulder before threatening to kill him.
Kirk asks to be killed.
Drake exasperatingly agrees.
Kirk complains entering his wound and wishes to choose a different form of death.
Entering the Great Sea.
Drake shoots him.
Flint cuts off Drake s hand  stabs his side and knocks Drake unconscious with a boot.
Flint takes Kirk s dead body and begins to dig a grave.
The man once again appears  to say a short proverb about death.
It s inevitableness.
Flint sees and talks.
Who convinces Flint to keep searching.
Drake   sews back.
Who appears to still be alive.
He also burns.
His side wound to temporarily seal it.
Later that night  Kirk and Flint talk.
Kirk reveals.
His father was trampled by lions.
Flint pulls out a letter and reads it to him.
She apologizes for her behavior and promises.
She will always love him  unless he becomes a convicted serial killer or a Democrat.
She warns.
Him there is no place.
Kirk and Flint speak more about.
Whether or not there s a place for pirates  and if that s why Kirk is a ghost instead of in heaven.
Continuing happen upon an old mapmaker.
Who appeared at the very beginning of the film.
He is excited to see.
Flint and Kirk  who have never seen this man before  have returned.
The mapmaker prints out a picture  taken.
Cameras existed.
Who look identical.
It is revealed.
The pirate Cutthroat Dan  Flint s doppelganger  had a map made years ago.
The bill was never repaid.
Cutthroat stabs the mapmaker and kills his first mate  Kirk s doppelganger.
The mapmaker places a curse.
Who touches Cutthroat s treasure will die.
The curse can only be lifted.
The debt is repaid.
However   the debt is almost four million dollars.
Flint gives back the map and goes back home.
Where he gets rid paraphernalia.
Flint delivers Kirk s dead body before hanging up his pirate lifestyle for good.
Flint goes back and begins an innocent relationship with Ruby.
The Fish House is visited.
Ruby lies and says.
She has nt seen him around.
Ruby goes to talk  calling him her crab-loving bad boy.
He seems to have disappeared abruptly.
Anderson also visit.
S Flint s grandmother  claiming Flint blew a man s brains out.
This causes Flint to take precautionary measures  he begins wearing a fake beard and a robe.
Drake  too  happens upon the old mapmaker.
Where he tries to speak awful Spanish.
He spies the map sticking out.
He injures the old mapmaker and steals the map.
He calls someone about making a commercial.
This commercial   is seen.
Is advertising a treasure hunting expedition lead.
Who are shocked that Drake is alive and has the map.
Flint and Kirk are back at the old corn stand.
Where they are visited and enjoys sniffing corn.
The mapmaker  now run out  offers to drop the two pirates off somewhere.
They decline.
The man in white appears again  with a horse  to provide an insight on.
A man is liable to get stuck in limbo.
The curse is broken.
Kirk approaches the man  unaware  and asks.
Who the man is speaking.
Flint has a revelation and takes off.
Where he kidnaps Mrs Redgrave.
He signs up  and convinces Mrs Redgrave to go along with the fiasco.
Mrs Redgrave has a flashback as a young girl on Halloween.
Explains why she hates pirates.
She is harrassed by a pirate waiter at McGarth s  attacked by teenagers in pirate costumes  and comes home to find her father dressed as a pirate and fashioning his own sword in her parents  room.
Drake is repeatedly injured.
He is hit and has a trap caught on his leg  all while only twenty feet from his car.
The only other person  Lance  questions expeditions.
Drake works if he is so rich from the treasure hunting.
Lance accidentally rips off Drake s hand again and runs off.
He realises it s all a sham.
Finally  they arrive.
Cutthroat is discovered to also be a ghost  but a ghost only visible.
Cutthroat reveals.
All was cursed.
Cutthroat s first mate  Nosebeard  bought a weak boat to keep money for himself.
Only succeeded.
Mrs Redgrave also enters the cave  but she falls prey.
She  too  dies.
Drake reveals.
He has known Flint s true identity the whole time.
He was using Flint to lead him.
Flint stabs Drake once more  leaving Drake injured.
Flint steals Drake s car and drives.
Where he picks up Ruby.
Detective Anderson   begins searching.
Who is searching.
He is.
When Flint drives.
He follows them.
Anderson confiscates a blow-up raft.
Order to follow Flint.
Cutthroat s ghost and the man s metal detector lead Flint to the same spot.
They have arrived.
He had begun to dig Kirk s grave.
The man appears for the last time to recite a proverb about looking for.
What we already have.
Flint digs up the gold and pulls out a few gold bars  just enough to pay the debt.
Ruby begins to beat Flint.
Detective Anderson appears just to arrest her.
He is knocked out.
Anderson tries to arrest Flint.
Flint delivers the rest to the mapmaker.
Who lifts the curse.
Lance discovers the cave and all its treasure.
As the curse is lifted.
The mapmaker   had been helped by the man in white.
He also placed a curse  so Drake will forever be a pitiful pirate.
Drake is seen to still be working.
This was revealed.
He is visited.
Who is now extremely rich and wants to pawn off Drake s hand.
Flint is walking along the beach.
Where he gives his eyepatch.
This is a repeat.
Flint and Kirk s friendship began.
The man  also played  follows Flint onto a real ship.
Flint takes Kirk s ashes and spreads them to the waves.
Kirk and his mother are in heaven  walking together.
They come.
Peter.
Mrs Redgrave is lead.
Kirk is lead.
Is. 
<EOS>
U.
S.
Army Staff Sergeant Brandon King leads a squad stationed during the Iraq War.
The squad hears gunshots.
Which a car speeds past filled.
King s men jump and follow the insurgents  following them into an alley.
The Iraqis shoot from rooftops.
When the soldiers get out.
An RPG is discharged  destroying one of the humvees.
Wounding Pvt.
Rodriguez.
He discovers.
When King enters a house to help injured squad member Steve Shriver.
He had accidentally killed several Iraqi civilians.
Brandon and longtime friend Steve Shriver are decorated with the Bronze Star and Purple Heart in a solemn ceremony.
A U.
S.
Senator takes Brandon aside and offers to help Brandon in anyway he can.
That night  Steve shows the effects.
He gets drunk and digs a foxhole  and strikes his fiancee Michelle.
He is unable to get through.
When Brandon comes over to check.
Tommy Burgess  a fellow squad member  drives.
Drunk after his wife has kicked him out.
The next day  Brandon suggests.
They all go.
The men pass the time.
Their friend Shorty reads the cards.
A hungover Steve awakens and shoots the cards.
That everyone will be quiet.
The next day King  Tommy and Steve report.
He is unexpectedly ordered back  based on the military s controversial stop-loss policy.
When Brandon arrives expecting to be discharged.
He refuses to comply and goes AWOL  becoming a deserter.
Michelle sympathizes and offers to travel with him to Washington  D.
C.
To see the Senator.
Who offered to help Brandon out earlier.
C.
Brandon calls the Senator s office and is told.
Because he is now a fugitive  the Senator is not interested.
Brandon and Michelle also visit the family under Brandon s command killed in the alley ambush and encounter another AWOL soldier and the establishment of a new identity in Canada.
Who recommends a lawyer to help arrange forged discharge documents.
They also visit.
Rico Rodriguez  a soldier who was blinded  lost his right arm and leg  and burned while saving Tommy from a rocket propelled grenade.
He arrives to take Brandon back  and tells Michelle.
Michelle phones Steve to tell him.
He has volunteered to return.
Brandon refuses to return.
Michelle is furious for re-enlisting and ends their relationship.
They finally make it and meet with the lawyer.
Who gives Brandon forged papers which would allow him to flee in exchange for payment of $.
Brandon returns to visit Burgess s grave immediately after the funeral  only to end up in a dispute with Steve.
Brandon  his mother and Michelle drive.
Brandon ultimately decides not to abandon everything.
He has ever known.
He tells his mother and Michelle.
About to cross the border.
If he goes he ll never really be able to leave the War behind him.
The final scene depicts a busload.
<EOS>
A guitar-shaped spaceship and Robot 1359  search the universe.
He finds it.
1359 wakes the crew to visit the planet.
A rocket telephone booth lands with his group of aliens exit.
The humanoid aliens force robot 1359 to take the form.
Only the Sheriff witnesses their landing.
She becomes obsessed.
Dee Dee  a young singer.
Who is with Frankie  the leader of Speelburgh s local high school rock band  The Pack.
She sings her heart.
Dee Dee s dream is to sing  Frankie loves her but does nt agree.
Meanwhile  a giant creature.
Lives and extends.
They encounter Dee Dee  Frankie and The Pack.
The aliens search the area.
Absid literally loses his head and decides to win her heart.
Meanwhile  his cohorts search.
Stovitz stumbles.
Who recently escaped.
Feeling dejected  Dee Dee succumbs to the charms of Absid.
Who asks her to join his band.
Frankie and The Pack arrive.
They ca nt stop them.
They teleport into the bathroom through the toilets.
Dee Dee finally gets her chance to sing.
A battle begins between the aliens and The Pack.
Absid and Dee Dee sneak off.
Absid tries to convince Dee Dee to fly back.
The tentacled creature searches the banks.
Hesitating  she agrees to visit the ship  but discovers once there.
She ll have to give up all human emotion to live.
Meanwhile  Diane encounters Chainsaw.
The crazed killer intends to make her his next victim.
His rusty chainsaw breaks down.
Love blooms helps Chainsaw fix his chainsaw.
Bolting back  Dee Dee finds him cornered in a school hallway by the Breather.
Frankie manages to fend  only to be attacked by the monster from the lake.
Has gotten loose surrounds the school.
Chainsaw rescues everyone.
Their ship and Absid decides to leave the humans a little alien persuasion.
He fiddles and clears away all o fthe town s pollution.
He also turns the brutal Pack.
The creature leaves town  the skies clear  flowers bloom and Frankie and Dee Dee sing and dance.
<EOS>
Tony Reagan  a former Chicago mobster and ex-con  is vacationing at a lodge.
He bumps from Chicago named Danny Morgan.
It turns out.
They are both engaged to be married.
Reagan shares the flight with a schoolteacher  Ann McKnight  someone.
He met and helped win at the gambling table.
Reagan arrives home and is met.
It seems.
Reagan is a suspect due to his past dispute with a Chicago mob kingpin  Big Jim  his fiancee s uncle.
The police put a tail.
He shakes.
Reagan meets up.
He tells her he will go to make peace.
But  Reagan is framed.
When the uncle is murdered.
Reagan enlists the help of McKnight and an old buddy  Charles Recklilng Bruce Bennett.
Who is a detective.
They discover the truth  Morgan is also engaged.
Together they are responsible.
Reagan manages to clear himself  however.
He and McKnight end up  bound to that lodge in Reno.
<EOS>
A visionary doctor  Dr Janos Rukh invents a telescope.
Can look far out and pick up rays of light that will show the Earth s past.
Looking  a group of assembled doctors as well as Dr Rukh see.
A large meteor hit the earth thousands ago.
Rukh convinces the doctors to go.
Appeared to land.
Rukh finds the meteor but is exposed from the rock.
Dr Benet takes a piece back to Europe and uses the meteorite to heal people  including curing the blind.
Rukh  suffering  glows at night and is slowly losing his mind.
When not treated.
The situation is complicated.
Who was part.
Crazed  Rukh follows his enemies to Paris.
There he fakes his own death.
Ronald and Diana marry.
Rukh then uses the toxic radiation poisoning imparted by Radium X exposure to kill off the members of the expedition.
He saves Ronald and Diana  but finds himself unable to kill his wife.
Rukh s hesitation brings him close.
Where the radiation poisoning will become fatal.
He had been able to stave off the terminal stage.
But Rukh s mother smashes the antidote bottle.
He bursts.
<EOS>
Charles is charmed and abruptly proposes marriage.
Visiting Grace Allingham at the behest of Hugh Palgrave  his friend.
They marry.
Charles reports back to military duty.
He reportedly is shot and taken prisoner.
Grace waits.
Raising their young son.
Charles returns.
Grace comes to learn.
He has been seeing other women.
She turns to her old love  Hugh.
A divorce seems imminent.
8-year-old Sigi is torn.
Grace and Charles ultimately reconcile.
<EOS>
Earth is covered in garbage due to decades of mass consumerism facilitated by the megacorporation Buy n Large.
BnL Waste Allocation Load Lifter - Earth Class WALL-E robots to clean the planet.
Evacuated Earth s population  leaving behind trash compactor.
They eventually stopped.
Operating and Earth was left abandoned.
One WALL-E unit has managed to remain active.
It has also developed sentience .
It inquisitively collects artifacts of human civilization back to its storage truck home  has befriended a cockroach and enjoys listening to Hello  Dolly.
A spaceship later lands and deploys Extraterrestrial Vegetation Evaluator or EVE  an advanced robot sent to search for vegetation on Earth.
Inspired.
She finds the plant and automatically stores it  going from her ship.
When WALL-E brings EVE and showcases his collection.
WALL-E spends time.
She is.
He then clings.
It collects and returns her.
The ship s original human passengers and their descendants have suffered from severe bone loss and become morbidly obese after centuries of living in microgravity and relying on the ship s automated systems for most tasks.
Captain B.
McCrea   mostly leaves control to the robotic autopilot Auto.
WALL-E follows EVE.
Where the Captain learns that  the Axiom will make a hyperjump back to Earth so the passengers can recolonize.
However  Auto orders McCrea s robotic assistant GO-4 to steal the plant issued to autopilots.
Humanity should remain.
EVE is considered defective and taken to the repair ward along with.
WALL-E mistakes the process for torture and tries to save her  accidentally releasing a horde of malfunctioning robots.
The security systems then designate both WALL-E and EVE.
Angry  EVE brings him to the escape pod bay to send him home.
There they witness GO-4 dispose by placing it inside a pod set to.
WALL-E enters the pod   escaping before the pod explodes.
Is then jettisoned.
Reconciling  they celebrate with a dance in space outside the Axiom.
Meanwhile the Captain  learning  becomes fascinated about life on Earth before its pollution and abandonment.
The plant is brought.
Who surveys EVE s recordings and concludes that mankind must return to restore their home.
However  Auto reveals his directive  staging a mutiny  incapacitating EVE and confining the captain to his quarters.
EVE realizes  so she helps him bring the plant.
The only parts are in his truck on Earth.
Captain McCrea opens the.
Causing chaos  but Auto partially crushes WALL-E by closing the holo-detector on him.
EVE places the plant  freeing the severely damaged WALL-E and setting the Axiom on the instant hyperjump to Earth.
McCrea disables Auto and takes back control.
The human population finally lands back after hundreds of years.
EVE brings WALL-E back.
Where she successfully repairs and reactivates him.
He reverts.
Heartbroken  EVE gives WALL-E a farewell kiss.
Jolts back WALL-E s memory and personality.
WALL-E and EVE happily reunite.
The humans and robots begin to restore Earth and its environment  shown through a series of artworks at the end.
Ben Burtt produced the voice.
WALL-E  a robot  is the only robot.
Who has developed sentience.
He is a small mobile compactor box.
He collects spare parts.
Becomes pivotal.
He is distracted.
Working diligently to fulfill his directive to clean up the garbage.
He stores and displays these treasures.
Where he examines and categorizes his finds.
Burtt is also credited.
M-O is a tiny  obsessive compulsive maintenance robot.
Who keeps Axiom clean.
He deviates and follows WALL-E  cleaning up behind him.
When M-O meets WALL-E and sees how filthy he is.
He inadvertently but fortuitously saves WALL-E and EVE.
When he follows.
He then forms a close friendship and aids the two in retrieving the plant  most notably through using his contaminant detecting vision.
When Wall-E drops the plant.
Back  he ushers the other robots into giving WALL  E and EVE some privacy.
They share a tender moment.
Elissa Knight as EVE  a sleek robot probe.
Whose directive is to locate vegetation and verify habitability.
She has a glossy white egg-shaped body and blue LED eyes.
She moves using antigravity technology and is equipped in her arm.
She is quick to use.
She springs with gleeful flight.
When first deployed.
Watching her  WALL-E accidentally draws her attention.
She sets.
This shared strength soon connects the two characters.
Jeff Garlin.
McCrea  the commander  and apparently only  officer.
His duties are boring daily routines  with the ship s autopilot handling all true command functions.
Meeting WALL-E  however  sparks his interest.
He becomes engrossed  paving the way for his retaking control of the ship back from the Autopilot.
Fred Willard recorded around the time of the Axiom s initial launch.
Constantly optimistic  Forthright proposed the evacuation plans  then to clean up and recolonize the planet.
However  the corporation gave up.
Toxic Earth had become.
Forthright is the only live action character.
MacInTalk  the text-to-speech program  was used for the voice of Auto  the rogue autopilot artificial intelligence built into the ship.
Auto is not influenced by WALL-E  instead following directive.
Is to prevent the Axiom and the humans.
He will prevent anyone.
The robot s design is a homage  A Space Odyssey  featuring a HAL-style red eye in the center of his body.
<EOS>
A romantic musical comedy.
Who always dreamt.
Hima and his ill sister were left orphans.
He now works to support them.
He is attentive to the children  always making sure.
They are well taken care of  garnering not only the love but also a special teacher.
But a mysterious stranger has the key.
What really happened.
Will evil win  or will Hima overcome his circumstances and save both his sister and his love.
<EOS>
Chennai-bred Yuvraj has had four close friends.
He meets and falls.
However  his cousin  Reema  is also.
She becomes jealous and ignores Yuvraj.
Deepali sees Yuvraj.
When he follows her.
Then Yuvraj and Deepali get back together.
Later she sees Yuvraj and Reema together again but was an accident.
Deepali starts ignoring him again.
But Yuvraj wants to prove so his friends decide to throw a birthday party to mend the trio s fractured relationship.
He not.
Deepali and Yuvraj finally unite together.
<EOS>
Grandma   is enjoying retirement.
Who recently sold her grocery store.
She s actually a widow.
Who outlived her only daughter  who was married but childless.
Grandma lives.
He s.
He has mostly spent.
Meanwhile  she is having fun -- she s not any one child s grandma but everyone s grandma.
Her son-in-law  however  wants to remarry.
He and his intended.
Both want Grandma so they can move in.
He tells her to get her stuff and get out.
He also tells her.
She is broke and that he used up all the money mere months ago.
He says.
She is old and that he can not wait till she dies because that could take forever.
He even says.
He s arranged to have her sent.
Grandma confronts her.
The Gang attacks him up.
He manages to escape the children s rampages and then tells Grandma to leave immediately.
He finds a letter informing her.
To communicate right away.
He goes and discovers $ 100000 dollars.
They are indeed worth.
She finds the bonds.
Grandma is packing.
She still thinks have no worth.
Chubby is flying a kite.
The kite does not stay up.
Grandma tells him the tail.
Needs more weight and uses the bonds to get the kite to fly.
Grandma s son-in-law returns  purposely breaks her glasses and pretends to read a letter.
Her bonds are worthless.
She tells him.
The bonds are.
He runs outside and tries to take the kite away.
Grandma then reads the letter and learns the truth.
She sends the Gang out to help Chubby keep her.
The Gang runs out and beats Grandma s.
They bust his watch.
They saw a telephone pole he is climbing to get the kite away.
He falls.
Mary Ann gets the bonds and hands them.
<EOS>
Raised  Ray Charles Robinson went blind at the age of seven  shortly after witnessing his younger brother drown.
Inspired.
Who insisted he make his own way.
Touring  the soulful singer gained a reputation and then exploded with worldwide fame.
When he pioneered incorporating gospel  country  jazz and orchestral influences.
He simultaneously fought segregation.
He revolutionized the way people appreciated music.
Launched him and championed artists  rights.
The movie provides a portrait.
He overcomes heroin addiction.
<EOS>
The movie revolves.
He meets Priya.
Love blossoms.
The girl s family protests their affair.
Eventually the couple elope and get married.
They face trouble.
He lusts.
She kills herself.
When he tries to molest her.
The blame falls.
He kills the police officer and goes.
Where he meets a Nepali social worker  who tries to help women harassed.
Inspired  Karthik comes out of prison to punish those.
Who sexually harass women.
He bumps off a computer engineer  a college professor and a doctor dressed.
DCP Gautham takes up the task.
<EOS>
El Alto the political boss Mario N.
Cruz is the only candidate.
The town s dim-eyed pressman  Don Casimiro Buenavista  mistakenly types the name.
Cruz.
And. 
When the lawyer Castulo Barrenillo reads a ballot.
Cruz is enraged.
Barrenillo asks.
Someone knows if she really does exist.
The municipal secretaries confirm it  saying.
She did not vote and is a potter.
Then after  the municipal government heads to declare to her  and to advise her to modify the presidency s moral.
She is the new elected municipal president.
<EOS>
Coney Island is a young trailer-park resident.
Who spends his days cheering up the various characters that he writes and performs on his keyboard.
Coney Island turns for advice on love and life.
His dad comes home.
<EOS>
Elm s Way is a calm street.
He knocks  to call a cab home.
When Yannick falls.
Entering the house  Yannick hears a man screaming upstairs.
He realizes.
When he finally encounters the source.
Beaulieu has wounded the man and was holding him hostage.
Beaulieu then locks down Yannick.
He learns.
Beaulieu is a righteous psychopath and fanatic chess player who kills drug-dealers  pedophiles and other bad people.
Beaulieu does nt want to kill him and eventually agrees to let him go.
Yannick has done nothing wrong.
He wins a game.
Beaulieu having never lost a game so far.
They free Yannick.
Beaulieu s wife and daughter finally stand up.
But Yannick has gone mad sitting locked and does nt leave  believing.
The only option to stop Beaulieu is to win.
The two play a chess game in the cellar  and placed them as pieces on a giant chessboard.
Where Beaulieu has conserved all.
Beaulieu s little stepdaughter enters the cellar and witnesses her dead mother placed as a piece on the chessboard.
She is the shot.
The scene ends.
Enters the house  frees Yannick and arrests Beaulieu.
Four months later Yannick is still madly obsessed.
Thoroughly consumed.
He alienates himself.
A Place -- 5150 Elm s Way5150 rue des Ormes - Film  bande annonce  critique.
You DO NT Wan na Go.
<EOS>
Benigno Martin and Marco Zuluaga cross paths.
When they attend the same concert dance  only eventually meeting again where Benigno works.
There  he is the personal nurse and caregiver.
Who lies.
Marco  a journalist and travel writer  is.
Who is also comatose.
The story unfolds  giving details of the two relationships.
The men stand vigil.
Marco leaves Lydia.
When her previous lover informs him that they had reunited a month.
He travels to write a tourist guide  while there he reads in a newspaper.
Lydia has died.
Meanwhile  Alicia is discovered to be pregnant.
Benigno   is accused and is sent to prison in Segovia.
Who believes his relationship.
Marco returns and begins trying to help Benigno.
He finds out.
Alicia had awakened.
The baby was stillborn.
Following  he does not tell Benigno.
Benigno s lawyer s urging.
Desperate  Benigno ingests a large quantity to try to escape and reunite with Alicia.
He dies.
Meanwhile  Alicia has begun rehabilitation to recover her ability to walk and dance.
The film ends  sitting two rows in front of Alicia at a dance concert  turning around and smiling at her for a moment  and then turning back around.
The screen lists Marco y Alicia.
<EOS>
Two years have passed.
The Play Pals company has the original doll reconstructed.
Mr Sullivan  the CEO  meets with regards to the doll s reconstruction.
Mattson informs Mr Sullivan and was taken away  his mother has been taken to a Mental Hospital.
Andy has been placed.
He also informs Sullivan.
Someone may have tampered with the doll s voice cassette.
This news helps further develop the bad publicity.
Unhappy he just received  Mr Sullivan goes to the room.
Where the reconstruction is.
Both Mr Sullivan and Mattson witness the electrocution.
When he smacks the machine that jams.
An upset Mr Sullivan later burdens Mattson.
However  later  Mattson places Chucky in his car.
When he is about to leave to go home.
Mattson uses his car phone to call a woman named Gabrielle.
Who asks him if he bought vodka.
He stops.
Mattson lies to Gabrielle.
Chucky uses the opportunity to read Andy s file and calls his social worker claiming to be his Uncle.
The social worker gives Chucky the address.
A few minutes later  Mattson returns and drives off.
Chucky then uses a gun and forces Mattson to drive to see the exact location.
He then tells Mattson to keep driving and yells to park his car in an unoccupied parking lot.
He shoots Mattson with the gun.
Turns out to be a water gun.
Both Chucky and a relieved Mattson begin to laugh.
But shortly uses a Play Pals plastic bag to terrorize and suffocate a defenseless Mattson  killing him in seconds.
Chucky sneaks into the Simpson s house.
He disposes with and takes the place of the foster home s Tommy doll by destroying it with Joanne s priceless China ornament.
That night  Chucky ties Andy up.
He can finish what was started  the transferral of his soul into Andy s body.
But Kyle  Andy s foster sister  is sneaking back through his bedroom window.
She interrupts the process.
Confused  Kyle tries to help untie Andy.
Phil and Joanne unexpectedly arrive and accuse her.
Phil then throws the doll.
The next morning  Andy attends his first day.
Chucky sneaks into the classroom and finds Andy s test paper on the teacher s desk.
Dismissed Ms.
Kettlewell  the teacher  uncovers Andy s paper.
She confronts Andy.
He is forced to stay.
He s locked.
Kettlewell leaves.
Andy tries to warn anybody.
Chucky starts pounding.
Andy escapes Ms.
Kettlewell returns and notices the classroom is empty.
Hearing a sound coming  she assumes  but uncovers nothing.
Andy is hiding.
Confused  she attempts to leave.
Chucky stabs her and then beats her to death with a yard stick.
Back  Phil and Joanne confront Andy about the phone call from his teacher.
Phil scolds Andy.
What he believes to be fictional stories.
Chucky has been since last night.
Andy hears a noise downstairs.
He arms himself into the basement.
Chucky wrestles.
Notices Andy holding the knife.
Andy tries to warn him.
He can walk down the steps.
Chucky trips him and leaves him dangling.
Believing Andy responsible  Joanne angrily packs his things and sends him back to the foster care center.
Kyle  knowing  tries unsuccessfully and decides to have a cigarette outside  throwing Chucky into a garbage can.
Andy did nt kill Phil.
She accidentally uncovers the original Tommy doll  buried in the dirt.
She then notices  causing her to realize.
The garbage can she tossed Chucky is empty.
Andy was telling the truth.
Terrified  she runs back  but discovers her dead body tied to a chair.
Chucky reveals himself and threatens to kill Kyle.
She cooperates.
He tells her to drive.
Kyle outwits Chucky  ejecting him through the windshield.
Chucky recovers and once again takes Kyle Hostage.
Finally reaching the home  he pulls the fire alarm.
Amongst the commotion  the head  angrily accuses Kyle of pulling the fire alarm.
She grabs Chucky and starts to yell but is fatally stabbed to death.
He reveals himself to be alive.
Chucky grabs Andy and forces him to go.
Where he can begin the transfer.
Andy is then seen walking in hand toward the city s Good Guy doll factory.
Chucky knocks Andy out and begins to say the chant.
Kyle rushes as fast.
She can to find them.
The chant is completed.
She can do so.
He notices his nose bleeding  revealing.
It appears that Chucky had succeeded.
It is indeed too late and that he is trapped.
Enraged  he tries to kill Andy.
Kyle manages to subdue him.
Chucky does.
Andy and Kyle navigate.
Whatever he can to kill them  and in doing so loses a hand and both his legs.
Andy and Kyle think.
They have killed Chucky.
Seconds later  Kyle is hit.
They walk away.
The force sends Kyle flying onto the conveyor belt  causing her to hit her head and be knocked unconscious  leaving Andy alone to fight Chucky.
Andy manages to pour hot  melted plastic  stopping him in his tracks.
He then jumps and wakes up Kyle  only to see Chucky emerge from the melted plastic pile and try to kill them  finally killing him.
Kyle forces an air hose  causing his head to inflate and explode.
Andy and Kyle walk out.
Andy asks.
Where they are going  to which Kyle replies Home  even though neither one knows where home is.
An extended ending reveals.
A chunk got mixed in with the Good Guy doll making plaster.
A machine is then seen making a new Good Guy Doll head.
Then forms a sinister smile.
<EOS>
Andare  a rustic villager finds a valuable gem.
When he goes.
He sells the gem and buys a house.
The whole family  Andare s elder sister  brother Jakolis  son and daughter try their best to get  it is not an easy task.
Adjusted and as they find eventually.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Arjun then falls with the daughter of a MLA.
Who was involved.
The police make a false accusation and accuse them of being sex workers.
It turns out.
The MLA is.
The rajas sisters end up being sexually assaulted.
Two end up committing suicide.
Arjun decides to seek vengeance.
And he eventually outsmarts them.
<EOS>
Tomas returns after a seven-year trip around the world to visit his friends Carlos and Ana  a couple going through relationship problems.
Ana is seduced.
Who is also her ex-boyfriend  which causes Carlos to kick Tomas out.
Ana leaves and moves Miguel and Andrea  another couple going through problems.
Leaving. 
The situation becomes a battle.
When Miguel is.
Maria  their friend  joins the girls.
Tomas then has a fling and gets caught in the act.
Tomas declares his love for Ana before apparently committing suicide by walking into an elevator shaft.
Several alternate final scenes are explored  including Tomas surviving the fall and emerging in a full body cast.
<EOS>
John Woolfolk and his wife are riding down a country lane.
The wind blows some pages across the road  startling the two horses and causing them to bolt.
John s wife is thrown and killed instantly.
The horses take the wagon.
Disillusioned  John adopts a reclusive life  sailing along the Atlantic coast in his schooner Yankee  accompanied only by his ship s mate  Paul Halvard.
One afternoon the men steer the Yankee into an inlet along the Georgia coast.
The approach is watched disapprovingly by two men -- Litchfield Stope  master of the once-grand house  and Nicholas  a maniacal brutish man.
Sits. 
Who has bullied his way.
John is standing on the deck of his boat and surveying the shore through a pair of binoculars.
Woolfolk notices the once-grand house.
He also spies a young woman swimming - Millie Stope  Litchfield s granddaughter.
John takes a rowboat ashore.
He picks a couple off a tree.
He makes his way.
Millie comes out and asks  What do you want.
We have plenty  help yourself  Millie responds.
She takes John.
Nicholas secretly watches the interaction.
He sees Millie pick four oranges and put them.
Though  he takes the oranges out of his pockets and throws them into the water.
The next morning  Millie walks down.
Nicholas intercepts her and demands.
She give him a kiss.
Millie screams and attempts to run.
Nicholas grabs her and threatens to put her.
She does nt kiss him.
Millie still refuses  so Nicholas carries her and puts her atop a cypress root sticking out of the water.
Nicholas moves and laughingly taunts Millie as a couple of alligators menacingly rise from the water.
Terrified  Millie agrees to give Nicholas a kiss.
He carries her back.
Nicholas takes a large stick and smacks the alligators  then picks up Millie and   turns his head and points to the side of his face.
Millie gives him a quick peck.
Later that day  Paul rows to shore.
Litchfield is out and   he hurries into his house and hides.
When he notices Paul approaching.
Paul takes the cask around the house and fills it with water from the tank.
Paul starts to carry the full cask back.
Nicholas runs up  knocks the cask out of his hands and stomps it with his feet.
John rows  telling him to leave his property alone.
When Paul tells John what happened.
Nicholas replies.
John should leave Millie alone.
He notices.
When John gets back.
Millie is fishing nearby.
He hesitates  then goes over to help her reel.
What appears to be a sizable catch.
The fish frees itself  causing the pole to flip upward and sending Millie back against John s chest.
The next day   Millie comes and asks to be invited to come aboard.
When John and Paul are.
Paul rows out to get her and  once  she surveys the tidy kitchen.
Living quarters and remarks  It could nt be neater.
You were two nice old ladies.
Paul notes.
There s a good wind.
John agrees to take her on a brief voyage.
Millie begins the trip  standing on the bow and exclaiming Free at last -- free.
John follows her and asks.
Are you so afraid.
Millie says.
She envies John s freedom.
He corrects her  The only thing was taken in an instant.
I valued.
It gave me a freedom.
I did not want and left me a lonely  aimless wanderer.
They are greeted.
When John takes Millie back to shore.
Who is carrying a concealed knife.
Nicholas lunges with the knife.
John knocks Nicholas and knocks the knife away.
An angry Nicholas pulls the branch and slaps it against the tree trunk before collapsing in a sitting position and crying.
That night  Millie dominates John s thoughts.
Still fearful  John wakes Paul and instructs him to get the ship under way immediately.
Nicholas confronts Millie and asks her to marry him.
Aghast  Millie tells Nicholas.
He ll have to leave.
Do nt say that  Millie.
Please do nt get  Nicholas replies.
Me started.
Millie runs and blocks the door by putting a chair underneath the doorknob.
John has a change and steers the Yankee back into the inlet.
He tells Millie  I had to come back - I could nt go away.
Millie warns and shows John a wanted poster seeking Nicholas and containing the warning  He is a homicidal maniac.
Nicholas would kill both.
He said  Millie said.
I ran away he d kill grandfather.
John tells Millie to bring Litchfield oclock that night.
That evening Millie takes her grandfather  shuts the door and begins making preparations to leave.
His face freezes.
She helps him.
He stares behind her.
Millie turns around and is shocked to see.
Nicholas has partially opened the door and is watching them.
Paul and John light a match to check a pocket watch and note.
It s going.
John tells Paul.
If anything happens  Paul gets his boat and some cash while Millie will get the balance of his assets.
John then heads up  carrying a gun.
John first enters the drawing room and finds Litchfield s body.
He hears Nicholas pacing upstairs.
Nicholas is and has tied Millie on her bed and put a gag over her mouth.
John quietly makes his way upstairs and stealthily makes his way.
He catches his foot  dropping his gun.
The commotion brings Nicholas out.
The two men begin to fight.
Nicholas brandishes a knife.
John bites his hand  forcing him to drop it.
The men tumble down.
John pushes Nicholas  overturning a lamp and starting a fire in the drawing room.
Millie has managed to free herself.
She and John head on their heels.
Nicholas and Paul get.
Paul manages to push Nicholas away and join John and Millie.
A frustrated Nicholas heads back and finds the gun.
John dropped.
Nicholas heads back down.
John wants to set sail  but Paul warns.
The boat would just barely clear the bar.
John tells Paul to go up and raise the sails anyway.
Nicholas begins shooting  wounding Paul.
John finishes raising the sails.
An injured Paul attempts to steer the boat.
Back  a vicious dog chained up breaks free  runs down to the wharf and savagely mauls Nicholas.
Litchfield had kept.
Paul tells Millie to take the ship s wheel.
Before he loses consciousness.
John takes a pole and begins calling out water depths.
The boat clears the bar.
<EOS>
Lucia  a children s book writer  is travelling with her husband on vacation.
When her husband disappears.
She later learns.
He was kidnapped.
Her husband frantically tells her to find the money.
Lucia sets out to find his kidnappers.
She eventually discovers the truth after learning from the police.
Her husband is accused and may have possibly faked his kidnapping.
<EOS>
Fellow department store shopgirls and roommates Gerry  Connie and Franky take different paths.
All seek to marry themselves.
Connie has an affair.
She kills herself.
When he dumps her.
Franky marries Marty.
He s a crook.
Gerry helps her out and Franky goes back to her mother s farm.
Gerry has resisted Tony  elder son  and sadly.
Believes that virtue will be her only reward.
Things finally get better.
Gerry is the sensible one.
The others throw themselves.
They end up being hurt and disappointed.
<EOS>
Involved the fatal shooting.
They can.
The Stasi is shown to be somewhat reluctant to take.
Who espouse a more militant and individualistic view.
The Stasi leaders thus eventually offer to create new identities.
That they can start a new life.
The two women  Friederike Adebach and Vogt  accept the offer.
The men refuse  later  they are seen being killed during their next attack.
Hull s relationship meanwhile occupies a large place in the film  platonic.
It is.
The film then proceeds to detail Rita s new life   assumedly this is.
Which she rehearsed a fictitious legend or backstory that becomes her new truth.
Where the English translation The Legend comes from.
Rita is given a job.
The legend is constructed.
There she appalls her colleagues --  for example  Rita takes socialist solidarity collections for projects in third world countries seriously.
Her type is dismissed as naive and troublesome in the Soviet-style state.
She is unpopular.
But them closely and even sees them experimenting.
Then when Rita s horrendously depressed co-worker Tatjana  a fellow outcast who displays the same desperation that Rita had harbored towards capitalism  develop a mutual friendship  it bonds.
Then a television announcement stops Rita short at a birthday party one night -- the West German authorities continue to broadcast her as a wanted fugitive.
A co-worker recognizes her and threatens to tell.
Who she is.
The Stasi promptly remove her from her workplace and legend  allowing her only a brief  painful separation from Tatjana.
Her next residence and workplace  Legend Number 2  is a children s day care center.
She gets to know and falls with a student  Jochen.
It becomes ever more difficult.
Her to maintain her facade and hide her past.
She reveals her tale to him.
Suddenly   Rita sees Friederike Adebach again amongst the choir s participants  she is suffering under the new identity  and bears it only with resignation -- the same resignation and sadness seen on the faces of most other GDR nationals in the film  in this way  Friederike is seen to have become one of them.
She d taken.
Rita and Friederike s reunion is sullen.
They part unceremoniously.
The privations of the GDR are shown as drab  grey  dull and wooden to the viewer.
Rita is noticeably smiling and joyous  to every person around her.
The GDR collapses  secret-service powers are disbanded in the GDR.
The Stasi s weapons are confiscated  Erwin Hull informs Rita  Tatjana is arrested for harboring a terrorist.
He can no longer protect her.
It is rapidly only a question.
Rita s true legend is exposed.
Rita and her comrades are shown.
Leftist radicals claim the system has.
The last moment flashes a line of text  THAT S EXACTLY HOW IT WAS.
MORE OR LESS.
<EOS>
The picture tells.
Who cope after being paroled.
Tito and Castor are two robbers.
Whose failed scheme landed them for 30 years.
However  the duo stashed a whole lot of cash near the Parana River.
They plan.
Soon as they re released.
Thirty years later  however  their insecurities and the pressures  threaten to ruin their perfect crime.
<EOS>
A playwright  Martine suffers.
She attempts to stage a new production.
She is uncertain.
Whether she is deluded or if there is a plot.
Tyrone is an actor.
James Franco and Winona Ryder cast.
20 April.
<EOS>
3 Bachelors is the story.
Amit and Jai land for teasing two girls on the very first day of their college because of.
They lose their hostel room.
The story shows Jai and Amit doing all the crazy things to get an accommodation and their lovers.
Follows. 
<EOS>
AfroDigital explores.
Digital technology has changed the lives.
A marabout explains  he uses his cell phone.
He no longer replies to questions from Africans living abroad.
Another eloquent illustration is the proliferation of Internet cafes full of young people.
It raises challenging questions and also asks.
Digital technology might be used tomorrow.
<EOS>
Karen Stone  an actress  and her businessman husband are off to Rome.
Her husband suffers a fatal heart attack.
Karen decides to stay and rent a luxury apartment in Rome.
The Contessa Magda Terribili-Gonzales soon introduces her.
Karen and Paolo embark  with disastrous consequences.
<EOS>
Jason Carmichael is a popular New York City playwright.
Who can provide him.
Phoebe Craddock is a small-town teacher.
Who aspires to be a writer.
Jason is marrying wealthy socialite Allison St.
James  he meets Phoebe  stripping naked.
When he mistakes her.
The two embark.
They produce a string of plays  some flops but mostly hits.
They find.
Themselves attracted but manage to avoid becoming involved romantically except for a one-nighter out of town  which the aloof Jason fails to even acknowledge the next morning.
Jason s marriage suffers.
Allison runs.
His agent Blanche remains a constant  mothering presence.
Years go.
Jason is still a husband and a father.
Phoebe remains a close family friend.
But he permanently loses the respect by having a fling with a pushy Hollywood actress  Kate Mallory  as well as changing a new play at her request.
Jason goes.
His wife divorces him while Phoebe gets married.
Phoebe moves away  ends their professional partnership and becomes a successful author.
Jason picks an argument and has a heart attack.
When they are reunited.
Jason does everything in his power to sabotage Phoebe s marriage.
She moves in to take care.
Leo can plainly see and possibly always has been  so he leaves her.
His wife is.
Phoebe ultimately invites Jason to try a new kind.
<EOS>
The movie starts to Lucy Collins as a little girl.
Her mother takes the kids to see a shopping mall Santa Claus.
Who happens to be the real one.
Santa is nearing the end as St.
Nick  and needs to find a replacement  someone.
Who enjoys the Christmas season.
It is shown.
His search involves his hat and an elf assistant named Ralph.
Nick puts the hat.
It means.
The hat glows.
Person has the real Christmas spirit.
He sees a lot.
None glow.
He puts the hat.
When Lucy sits.
It glows brightly  proving.
She d make a good new Santa Claus.
-- -- his reign still has 30-40 years to go.
The movie returns to present day.
It is Nick s last Christmas.
He must find Lucy again.
He locates her.
Where she works.
She seems to have forgotten  and focuses more on her job than her family.
Lucy s boss wants a big sales boost.
He comes up.
Lucy holds Santa auditions.
Lucy nearly gives up hope  but then sees Nick.
Who is jolly and obviously loves the season.
Lucy hires him.
Calls come in big numbers and the network sells more Christmas stuff than any other shopping network.
Nick could nt be happier.
He walks and begins to see the Christmas spirit.
Which he long hoped.
Nick cultures a close friendship with Lucy.
He begins to tell her.
His choosing her.
He says  a giant flood will engulf the world  adding.
He does nt find a successor.
That was the reason.
Lucy finds it ridiculous and tries to stay away.
One night  Nick goes and tells her truthfully about his search.
He tells her to close her eyes.
She finds herself.
When she opens them.
Unbelievably still unconvinced  Lucy demands Nick send her home.
Nick does so.
She wakes up thinking.
The North Pole had been a dream.
She sees Nick and starts to tell him about the dream.
Nick interrupts her to tell her  and begs her again to put and become Santa Claus.
It was nt.
She still says no.
Nick makes his final broadcast.
He says to never give up on Christmas spirit  and wishes everyone good luck.
Lucy ponders.
He says good luck.
Nick begins to head back to the North Pole without a successor.
Preparing. 
He leaves the hat  with a note.
He leaves Los Angeles.
Says it s never too late.
She begins to believe.
When Lucy gets a ride back home.
What Nick said about Christmas  and her role.
Realizing  Lucy tells him to pull over  saying.
Her boss just wants money and could own Christmas.
No one owns Christmas.
She sees.
Nick has gone.
She finds the hat and the note.
Curious  she puts the hat on.
It glows brightly.
She realizes.
She really is Santa.
Back  they re preparing for the worst.
Suddenly  one sees through a snow globe Lucy celebrating.
She s Santa.
He and Nick go to pick up Lucy.
Ralph hears.
Lucy runs out and finds Ralph and Santa in the cab.
She goes inside and transforms.
Nick does nt have his.
She has her Santa suit.
Nick helps Lucy go down the chimney and deliver the toys.
Lucy tells Ralph to stop the sled and go.
They continue.
Where her niece is performing.
She catches her niece s solo  and congratulates her  her brother  and her mom.
When she arrives.
Seeing her Santa suit  they seem puzzled.
Incredibly  it starts.
People run outside  and see the sleigh.
Lucy s family begins to realize.
She is Santa.
She  Nick  and Ralph go up and away.
Lucy says goodbye.
<EOS>
Francoise is a jealous wife.
Who spies after a play and overhears him.
His lover Odette  the star  quarreling in the street about him leaving his wife.
She reminds Paul.
She gave up her previous lover that he leave his wife that night.
He protests  he tells Odette.
He does not want to hurt his wife.
Paul comes home and finds.
Francoise has waited up.
Unbeknownst  she is distressed at the news and pretends.
She knows nothing.
She attempts to seduce him but fails.
She become increasingly agitated  speaking more rapidly.
The more he tries to tell her that he s leaving her.
She backs out the door and leaves him alone.
Peaking  she sees Paul take his gun out of the nightstand and check it before putting back.
Francoise sits are her desk and sobs and returns.
Paul has gone to sleep.
The next morning  Paul awakes to find.
She has left a note indicating.
She is running errands.
She sees a lawyer to find out.
She can keep him.
She learns.
There is nothing legally she can do to compel him to stay.
The lawyer suggests.
They can make him pay but that is not satisfactory for her as she want Paul  not his money.
That night  Paul tries to tell Odette.
He was not able to tell Francoise he is leaving her.
She is upset.
He has promised and failed before.
He promises to leave Francoise.
Night and Odette tells him that she will not kiss him again until he has left.
Meanwhile  elsewhere a man has robbed a bank and shot a teller.
He escapes.
He leaves parked to try to blend into the group of actors arriving for rehearsal.
The director is running again and again.
They get it right.
He instructs Odette to repeat her entrance.
A shot rings out.
She enters the stage to begin singing.
She fallen.
The bank robber is seen climbing.
The police are summoned and find him but he swears.
He does not know Odette.
He did not kill her.
He is arrested.
He finds a gun  exactly.
Paul leaves the theater.
His tossed and immediately knows that his wife committed the murder.
She is giving that night.
When he returns home Francoise is preparing.
Paul asks her.
Where she has been all day and if she knew what happened at the theater.
She replied.
She did  He asked he if she lost anything while she was out and shows her the gun.
I never travel.
A glassy stare she tells him.
The topic of crimes of passion comes up.
Francoise defends a woman s right to commit a crime because the parties.
Who have wronged her have killed her first.
He confronts her and calls her a fiend.
She tells him.
She intends not to say anything.
At first he threatens to turn her.
Instead he tells Francoise.
He will stay and keep her secret to watch her fall apart.
He moves out.
Two months pass.
Paul notes.
Francoise still has not turned herself but instead exhibits a cool unemotional exterior.
She tells Paul.
She intend to leave him and travel.
Odette s dog is brought.
Paul decides to keep him.
He has no home.
The dog s presence makes Francoise uneasy.
Francoise reads Paul s diary.
He says.
Even if she travels her feelings will follow her.
The last line says.
He is unable to feel sorry.
Francoise puts a line  I am staying.
That last line and underneath writes.
Francoise unexpectedly shows up.
Paul is throwing.
He had just finished telling everyone.
She was nt coming because she was feeling unwell.
The rest and the table offers a toast  Paul remains silent.
The crowd seems pleased to see her but when she sits.
A young actor  flirts and forces her out into the dance floor for a dance.
She sits.
Who is drunk.
Francoise keeps seeing the shooting over and over again and leaves the room.
Paul notes.
Francoise is rapidly becoming weighed down.
She is looking very ill and tired but refuses to allow Paul to call a doctor for her.
He receives a letter.
He refuses to read to her.
She finds out.
When she demands he read it.
The bank robber has been convicted and sentenced to death.
Francoise goes and asks for permission to see the Castelli  condemned man.
He is hostile.
When she is let.
She confesses.
She murdered Odette.
He tells her.
She should go away.
To never mention it again  he would have been executed.
He sees it  the authorities are going to execute him for a crime.
He truly did not commit.
It is six month later.
Paul tells Francoise.
She is the only person suffering more but as long as she wo nt confess  she will continue to die inside.
That night  she sees a paper.
Where Castelli confessed.
Her mind plays though all.
She is unconscious.
Paul tells her.
When she wakes up.
She is the only person who can help herself.
She picks up the phone and makes an appointment to see the attorney general to turn herself in for the murder.
Paul says.
He will stand throughout her upcoming ordeal.
She declines his offer but asks.
He comes to visit her occasionally.
He helps her dress.
Once more she tells him to remain.
She leaves to make her way.
Along  Paul is walking a distance.
She walks.
A boy runs after a ball.
He falls.
A truck is bearing down.
Francoise jumps to save him and sustains a critical head injury.
The doctor gives Paul the good news.
While Francoise will live  she has lost her memory and how to do basic functions such as feeding herself  their names and her entire life history.
This includes her murder and subsequent guilt.
The final scene shows  She is repeating simple words.
Paul has taken Francoise to recuperate.
He is taking care  convinced.
This is God s plan.
<EOS>
A rocket-ship carrying astronaut John Corcoran launches and orbits the Earth  marking the United States  first manned space launch.
The ship is struck by an unknown object  forcing Corcoran to abort the mission and land.
However  the equipment can not handle the fast descent back crash lands in the woods  killing Corcoran.
Dave Randall and Donna Bixby  two technicians  locate the crashed ship and recover Corcoran s body.
They are baffled  however.
What appears to be a giant tear.
Randall and Bixby are joined.
Who was also Corcoran s fiancee.
Wyman observes.
Corcoran s body exhibits no signs  and that the blood pooling beside him is not livid as it should be.
The team brings.
It maintains the blood pressure.
The body lacks a heartbeat or pulse.
They find unusual  unidentifiable cells.
Seem resistant from human white blood cells.
The team tries to call  but find.
The radio is no longer working.
Randall heads outside to check the power transformers  and is attacked.
Randall fires a few shots and escapes unscathed.
He describes it.
He did not get a good look.
Later  the team finds.
The infirmary has been trashed.
Corcoran s body is gone.
They initially believe.
The creature has broken and stole the corpse  but are shocked to instead find Corcoran has mysteriously regained consciousness.
There is no trace of the mysterious cells from before.
They find.
The cells have changed and entered into his abdominal cavity.
The creature later breaks again  this time beheading Dr Wyman.
Randall and Dunlap are initially suspicious.
Corcoran was involved.
It appears.
He has some sort.
Corcoran does not believe.
The creature is evil  but rather simply misunderstood.
He implores the others to give the creature a chance to explain its actions  and asks.
They not condemn it simply because it is different.
Corcoran flees the station and finds the creature.
The others plot to destroy the creature.
The creature is now able to speak with the scientist s old voice and has absorbed his knowledge.
Corcoran asks.
Whether Wyman s death was needed.
The creature insists.
It was a necessary sacrifice.
The others arrive to destroy the creature  but hesitate.
Corcoran will not step aside and let them throw their bombs.
The creature insists.
It is not an evil monster  but an intelligent alien who has come to save the human race from its own self-destructive tendencies.
It explains.
Corcoran s body has been implanted.
The creature is forcing the will on the human race.
The creature is evil so its embryos can not come to fruition.
The others then throw their explosives and kill the creature.
Warns that others from his species are waiting in space and will return one day to conquer humanity.
<EOS>
The film lampoons the Hollywood motion picture industry and is separated  The first section of the film is Actor s Blood  a morality play about legitimate theater.
The second section is Woman.
Actor s Blood takes place.
Broadway star Marcia Tillayou has been found shot dead.
Her father declined.
Maurice is himself an actor  and had watched her theater career rise.
She had let success overcome her  and had thus alienated critics  fans  producers  and her playwright husband.
She had a few recent stage flops.
Woman takes place in Hollywood.
Dishonest agent writer s agent called Woman.
Orlando Higgens has been receiving frantic calls she had written.
Thinking  Higgens tells her to never call his office again.
They are crank calls.
He then learns.
Her screenplay had been received by film mogul J.
B.
Cobb  a man.
Who once passed With the Wind based on Higgins  advice.
Cobb thinks.
Higgins sent the script and offers Higgins a lucrative sum.
The problem is.
Higgins has no idea where Daisy is  or that she is actually a nine-year-old child.
<EOS>
Set  Riot depicts a bisexual.
Unravels from a local punk band.
Stragglers outside a gig ignite a full-blown race riot on the steps of the Redchurch Street mosque.
Will end.
The night is.
<EOS>
Cheenu and Lakshmi study.
Her brother-in-law Prithviraj lusts and even tries to rape her in front of Cheenu.
Somehow the lovers escape and seek protection.
She advices them to finish their studies.
Accordingly  Cheenu starts to study.
Soon as the flashback is over  Prithviraj starts chasing Cheenu again and so it goes on till the tedious end.
<EOS>
Ron Jeremy stars.
Has a stripper avenging her sister s death.
She knows  so she recruits the help to settle the score.
She ca nt do the job alone  however.
But her quest does nt turn out to be a neat affair.
She soon realizes there s more than one enemy to fight.
They all appear to be gunning.
As she hunts them down.
<EOS>
U.
N.
C.
L.
E.
Agents Napoleon Solo  and Illya Kuryakin witness the aerial destruction wrought by Dr Kharmusi using his newly developed thermal prism.
U.
N.
C.
L.
E.
Then seeks to help them obtain the device from Dr Kharmusi.
Sebastian is.
When the Old Man finally speaks after twenty years of silence The Third Way will have dominion over the world.
Wanted.
Sebastian agrees to leave the island and help U.
N.
C.
L.
E.
In return from prosecution.
Solo makes his way but is initially delayed by Annie and her friend Aksoy.
She feels.
Sebastian can help free her fiance and Aksoy s brother  both of whom were unjustly imprisoned.
However  Dr Kharmusi s wife Azalea betrays her husband  kills Aksoy  abandons Annie  and helps Solo get.
Annie follows him and  claiming to be his wife  gains access herself.
Solo locates the safe and informs Kuryakin and Sebastian.
Sebastian steals the prism -.
Solo and Azalea are caught and tortured.
Kuryakin rescues them.
A brief fight results.
His death automatically triggers a self-destruct device  so the U.
N.
C.
L.
E.
Group flees the area immediately.
Sebastian reveals.
He and Azalea have been working together.
The entire course has been his plan.
They felt.
They could only steal the device.
N.
C.
L.
E.
S help and explain that.
They can get countries.
Sebastian then traps Solo  Kuryakin  and Annie.
Escaping moments  the group is picked up and taken back.
The craft is destroyed.
N.
C.
L.
E.
HQ.
Regrouping  Solo leaves to speak in Los Angeles.
She denies knowing.
Where Sebastian is  but as soon leaves she phones Sebastian at his launch facility.
Sebastian orders Solo killed.
Solo instead kills his white-haired attackers.
He adopts white coloring  takes the place of one of the men  and reports in with other similar men for a briefing.
He killed.
Where Sebastian says their mission is to steal a U.
S.
Rocket. 
Solo thereafter distinguishes himself.
Kuryakin meanwhile follows up and investigates a suspicious connection between Sebastian and an abandoned theater in Los Angeles.
Followed  Kuryakin discovers.
The theater is hosting a status briefing.
They are then all captured.
Askoy s brother is killed.
Sebastian then remotely triggers a gas release.
Kills all the white-haired party goers.
Solo returns and tricks her into contacting Sebastian.
Tracing the call  U.
N.
C.
L.
E.
Discovers the local building.
Sebastian s launch facility is hidden.
Askoy s third brother and Solo infiltrate the building.
Which the Askoy brother dies.
U.
N.
C.
L.
E.
Reinforcements arrive  the rocket.
The old man dies.
Back.
N.
C.
L.
E.
HQ Annie discovers.
Her fiance  though released thanks to U.
N.
C.
L.
E.
Had changed.
Annie and Askoy s fourth brother thereafter walk out arm.
<EOS>
The snow finally melted.
The animals came out.
A squirrel merrily runs around and heads to tell the latter of the good news.
What the squirrel told him.
He then warns the squirrel and the other animals.
That if his shadow is visible  more days await.
The other animals  however  were doubtful and therefore took it as a joke.
Oswald and an unnamed sister of his are working on their inn.
It had been closed.
They dust the furniture and shake the dirt.
The inn was ready for service.
Oswald and his sister went outside.
The groundhog approached and warn them once more.
The two inn operators are.
Again  they all thought and began to laugh.
It was just a bluff.
But they would stop laughing.
When snowflakes fall.
Finally realizing the truth  everybody hurried back indoors.
<EOS>
11-year-old boy Jimmy Westwood lives with his mother.
The young girl Charita lives alone in the city and works on the street cleaning car windows.
One day she cleans the windows  without asking  she does not get paid.
Later she takes revenge.
Jimmy goes and asks the wallet back.
This happens.
Where a small white giraffe is sold.
It can talk and tells Jimmy.
He has to prevent an upcoming war.
It gives Jimmy a magical pendant.
Jimmy frees the giraffe.
He runs away  chased by the owner but had not delivered it yet to the buyer.
Who sold the giraffe.
They are arrested and locked up.
Charita returns the wallet  withholding money for cleaning the car windows.
They are friends now.
Jimmy is released.
When his mother comes to collect him.
The mother knows about the giraffe  and explains to Jimmy.
It is one of Daran  magical animals which each watch over one continent.
This convinces Jimmy.
He has to do what the giraffe instructed him to do.
He leaves a note.
He is going  and frees Charita from the police cell.
Together they go to be  to prevent the war.
Jimmy was told to do.
A child soldier shoots Jimmy in his leg.
The child soldier and the girl are.
They are caught  and taken by car to help finding the giraffe  or similar ones.
Jimmy s mother   comes to search for him.
Who found out where Jimmy was going.
She sees Jimmy.
Which the pilot attacks the car.
The three children are freed.
Jimmy learns.
She has caused the hostility because she wants to make a golf course  which one tribe wants to earn money.
The other opposes.
It is.
Jimmy s mother does not allow Jimmy to go and try to prevent the war  but he sneaks into the helicopter.
Jimmy flies away  he has learned flying.
They arrive.
Where later the mother also arrives.
Jimmy is hit  but saved by the fact.
The bullet hits the pendant.
His mother agrees to abandon the plan.
The tribes reconcile.
<EOS>
Sergeant Tom Clancy   is assigned to arrest his brother Steve.
Who has been framed by Black McDougal and Pierre LaRue.
<EOS>
Bunny Chow follows.
The weekend journey stand up comedians  who embark on a road trip to Oppikoppi  South Africa s biggest annual rock festival.
The four slip out the rock stages with their comedy.
They get a bit more.
What they bargained.
<EOS>
The British mob boss Lenny Cole rules the growing real estate business using a corrupt Councillor for the bureaucratic services and his henchman Archy for the dirty work.
The main characters are introduced.
A billionaire Russian businessman  Uri Omovich  plans a crooked land deal.
London s crooks all want a piece.
Other key players include.
The underhand accountant Stella and ambitious small-time crook One-Two leading a group called the Wild Bunch which includes Mumbles and Handsome Bob.
Uri Omovich meets Lenny.
Lenny charges seven-million Euros  Uri accepts  calls his accountant Stella to launder the necessary funds and lends his lucky painting to Lenny to bring success and fortune to their business.
Stella  however  double-crosses Uri and tips.
The lucky painting is stolen from Lenny s wall by his junkie rocker stepson Johnny Quid.
Mickey and Roman to help track him down.
Cole s men make it clear.
Order to gain leverage.
Their concerts and clubs will be shut down if they do not comply.
Meanwhile   his assistant Victor begins to suspect.
Uri s money is violently stolen a second time from a pair of Russian bodyguards.
It is Lenny who is been stealing the money and purposely keeping Uri s painting.
This theory enrages Uri   warning him to return his painting.
Who lures Lenny and has his legs broken.
Coincidentally  Cookie buys Uri s lucky painting.
Who had just stolen it.
Cookie then gives the painting.
Who   offers the painting to Stella as a token of appreciation for the work she has provided the gang.
One-Two is assaulted and is about to be tortured but is rescued  and then kidnapped  by Archy.
Stella leaves his flat.
Who had come upon finding out One-Two was involved in stealing Uri s money.
Uri makes a decision.
Whom he has been smitten.
He arrives  but spots his lucky painting in Stella s living room.
Also asking her to marry him.
Long she s had it.
She has had it.
It is implied.
Uri orders Victor to kill her.
Meanwhile  Archy brings Johnny  the Wild Bunch  Mickey  and Roman.
Where Johnny begins to verbally provoke his crippled stepfather.
Lenny shoots him.
As Johnny is about to reveal a damning truth in front of everyone.
Lenny then orders downstairs and executed.
Johnny  Roman  and Mickey be taken.
He angrily demands.
The Wild Bunch tell him where Uri s money is.
Handsome Bob calls out and offers the documents in his jacket pocket  confirming.
What Johnny had been about to reveal.
The rat  codenamed Sidney Shaw  was Lenny all along.
Lenny arranged to routinely throw many of his associates in prison for years at a time in order to secure his own freedom and sow fear among his gang.
One-Two  Mumbles  and even Archy were.
Lenny has informed on.
Archy orders Lenny s men to free the Wild Bunch and angrily oversees Lenny s execution by drowning.
Meanwhile   Johnny graphically explains to Mickey and Roman.
They will be executed.
His description unnerves the man.
Who s to execute the 3 men  prompting him to make a move prematurely.
Having also already anticipated this move  Johnny warns Mickey and Roman to intervene and kill their would-be executioner.
Johnny shoots two more men waiting.
They overcome the last.
Later  Archy picks up a rehabilitated  but still eccentric  Johnny Quid.
Archy gives Uri s lucky painting as a peace offering and welcome home present.
Johnny happily accepts.
Archy reveals.
Obtaining the painting cost a very wealthy Russian an arm and a leg.
The film closes.
He will do what he could not before  become a real RocknRolla.
The end credits suggest.
There will be a sequel titled The Real RocknRolla.
<EOS>
The film tells a story.
Lori is the mother and the wife of Dave  a truck driver.
The family are presented  they have just bought a horse and are planning a holiday.
Happy  normal and comfortable financially.
Then the youngest son  Robbie  has a sudden unexplained fall.
A short while later  he has another unprovoked fall while playing  and is seen having a convulsive seizure.
Robbie is taken.
Where a number are performed.
No cause is found but the two falls are regarded.
The child diagnosed.
Robbie is started.
The latter cause the child to run berserk  leading to injury.
Lori urgently phones the physician to request a change.
It is changed.
The dose must be tapered slowly  causing frustration.
Later  the drug carbamazepine is added.
Meanwhile  the Reimullers discover.
Their health insurance is invalid.
Their treatment is transferred.
Dave takes on more dangerous truck loads and works long hours.
Family tensions reach a head.
When the children realize the holiday is not going to happen.
A foreclosure notice is posted.
Robbie s epilepsy gets worse.
He develops a serious rash known as a side effect of the medication.
He is admitted.
Where his padded cot is designed to prevent him escaping.
The parents fear.
He may become a vegetable and are losing hope.
Robbie goes into status epilepticus.
Increasing doses are given intravenously to no effect.
Eventually  paraldehyde is given rectally.
This drug has having possibly fatal side effects and is seen dramatically melting a plastic cup.
Is described.
The neurologist  Dr Melanie Abbasac  has poor bedside manner and paints a bleak picture.
Abbasac wants the Reimullers to consider surgery and start the necessary investigative procedures to see.
This is an option.
These involve removing the top and inserting electrodes on the surface of the brain to achieve a more accurate location of any seizure focus than normal scalp EEG electrodes.
The Reimullers see surgery and want to know.
Anything else can be done.
Lori begins to research epilepsy.
She comes across the ketogenic diet in a well-regarded textbook on epilepsy.
However  their doctor dismisses the diet.
She appears to relent but sets impossible hurdles in the way  the Reimullers must find a way to transport their son to Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore  Maryland with continual medical support -- something.
They can not afford.
That evening  Lori attempts to abduct her son and  despite the risk  fly with him to an appointment.
She has made.
However  she is stopped at the exit to the hospital.
A sympathetic nurse warns Lori.
She could lose custody if a court decides she is putting her son s health at risk.
Dave makes contact.
Who once practiced.
This doctor and the sympathetic nurse agree to accompany Lori and Robbie.
Robbie has a prolonged convulsive seizure.
Causes some concern.
It becomes apparent.
When they arrive.
There are no places.
Dr Freeman agrees to take Robbie on as an outpatient.
Lori and Robbie stay.
The diet is briefly explained a dietitian.
Who has helped run the ketogenic diet program.
Robbie s seizures begin to improve.
Is used to kick-start the diet.
Robbie accepts the food and rapidly improves.
His seizures are eliminated.
His mental faculties are restored.
The film ends.
Closing credits claim.
Robbie continued the diet and has remained seizure - and drug-free ever since.
<EOS>
Racehorse Trainer Gerald Coates kills his wife Babs.
<EOS>
The film is set.
The story is.
Who was fired.
His wife  has ended up.
Who was raped as a young girl  and for the sake of status quo.
<EOS>
Set  Dirty Weekend follows the story of Bella  a mild-mannered secretary flat.
Who works.
Soon  she finds herself the victim.
Who watches her and plagues her with obscene phone calls in which he threatens to assault and rape her.
Bella visits Nimrod  an Iranian clairvoyant  and suggests.
The police refuse to offer any assistance.
Who tells her that she does not necessarily need to be a victim.
She take matters.
That night  Bella breaks s flat and batters him to death with a claw hammer.
He is sleeping.
Empowered  Bella embarks.
Which she slaughters six more men.
Ultimately  she evades capture and prepares to carry on her crusade in the large  faceless city of London.
<EOS>
Chris Walters is a happily married father.
He sneaks home with a gift for wife Alice  a diamond brooch  and with a desire to have a romantic interlude.
Interruptions ensue.
Debbie and Okkie  needing something  it s their maid  Millie  or it s Alice s mother.
It is nt their daughters.
And then two delivery men arrive.
It s a gift.
Chris is not pleased.
He hates television.
He thinks.
The whole idea is a needless distraction and corrupting influence on today s youth.
Chris has a partner  Bud.
Who is trying to woo a new client  Jeanette Revere  a woman who has been divorced four times.
Jeanette is amazed.
A couple can remain happily married as long as the Walterses have.
Chris lets.
It slip that he and Alice did nt need TV when they first met because they were already romantically involved.
Lilly and Arthur are offended  having been.
Alice did nt have relations until they were wed.
They storm out.
Chris is so angry  he kicks.
He argues and has to spend his anniversary night sleeping on the sofa.
A gift arrives -- it s another TV.
Chris is irritated again.
However  a show called.
When they turn it on.
Kids Council has his daughter Debbie.
And the child blurts out to hear.
Her parents are having marital difficulties and had been intimate prior.
Chris again kicks.
Alice throws her husband out.
Meantime  her parents also have a quarrel.
Leads moving in with her daughter.
Everybody s angry now.
A distraught Chris wants to come home.
Alice feels.
No one cares.
She intends to leave home herself.
The family doctor  however  suddenly informs Alice.
She is pregnant.
She decides to give Chris another chance  as a gift arrives  yet another TV.
<EOS>
Yvan  a used car salesman  comes home late one evening.
He discovers.
A burglar has just broken and is hiding under his bed.
Yvan knocks him over.
When the burglar tries to escape.
He discovers.
The burglar is a young man to fuel his drug addiction.
Yvan decides to help this young man.
Who says his names is Elie.
Finally.
Who had died.
Thus begins a journey.
Which they face unsettling encounters.
<EOS>
Is introduced by friends to pulp fiction writer Robert E.
Howard.
A relationship soon develops.
It is doomed.
<EOS>
A man plays to enter a yacht race  but is injured.
His girlfriend takes his place and wins the race.
<EOS>
The film is.
Casanovva is the owner.
He has a faithful array of female followers including his staff  friends and former girlfriends.
Who will do anything.
The film starts.
They decided their next target.
They entered the wedding place.
Cassonova recognizes them but allows them to attend the marriage function keeping some plan.
The young criminals took some photos and collect their details.
Casanovva watches this all and does not respond.
The next day was the wedding ceremony.
Casanovva   planned for a live telecast program to capture the young criminal s robbery.
But unfortunately  the wedding was postponed due.
Thus the robbers pulled off.
But the TV channel peoples came and ready for the telecast.
Suddenly Casanovva got an idea and announced a new live romance reality show.
Then he created.
Some plans to made the two peoples to fall in love with Hanna and Ann Mary and telecast their love scenes using hidden cameras through the live reality show FALL IN LOVE.
Hanna loves one by hearing the words of Casonovva.
Who was her boss.
The four robbers tried to steal a sword.
Casanovva interrupts them and took the sword.
The tv show became popular and cause some problems to Ann Mary  the robbers and even Hanna.
Hanna asks his boss  Casanovva.
What his plan was.
Casanovva reveals his flashback to Hanna.
Some years back  cassanova came and enjoyed with some girls.
Zacariah was a magazine reporter.
Who publish the stories and his mingle with girls.
Sameera Zacharia  daughter helped Casanovva from a danger.
Eventually they became friends.
But gradually Casanovva understands.
He has some different feeling.
He realities.
He is.
She also has love interest.
But her father requests Cassanovva to leave his daughter.
He replied.
He was.
Casanovva called Zameera.
She was also been ready to tell her love.
She put a mask.
But suddenly four robbers rushed with the same mask.
Zameera have.
The police tried to capture them.
The four robbers escaped.
Zameera was caught.
Suddenly one shoots.
Zameera and she dies.
Casanova waited and return back to his room so depressed.
He saw the four robbers escaping in a car.
But he did nt get any idea about the incident happened.
He knew the death by watching TV news at his room.
He suddenly rushes.
But they did nt spend time to hear.
What Casanovva had to tell.
Here end the Flashback.
He said.
The aim was to understand the robbers about the feeling of love.
He then captured the robbers and made them to explain.
Zameera was not their gang member.
Thus Casanovva succeed.
Then he asked the robbers.
Who killed Zameera.
Casanovva kills the one.
Who shoots his lover and surrenders.
<EOS>
Sanjay and Nithi are best friends.
They are neighbours  have grown up together  attend the same college and spend every minute together.
Both have their admirers wooing Sanjay and Praveen revealing his love for Nithi.
Nithi s week long trip  along with some prodding by his housemaid  makes.
Sanjay realise how much he misses Nithi and that he is.
But respect.
Her makes him hide his feelings.
Meanwhile  Nithi accepts Praveen s proposal.
Things quickly move.
But Nithi realises.
When things come together.
She can not stay and at that time he reveals that he too loves her.
<EOS>
Shiv Shakti Organization  an organisation intends to spread terror.
CBI Chief learns and calls for Officer Gopi  aka Gunmaster G-9  to investigate into the matter.
The trouble starts.
When a plane manned by Captain Kapoor is attacked forcelanding it.
Agent Jackson is replaced with his.
Gopi does nt take long to get and sets out to rescue his agent.
He happens to encounter Priya   supposedly by Gopi.
Who s out to investigate her father s death.
Both start to check about the organisation and its high command.
Further course leads them to the Hiralal working with his men using hi-tech gadgets for this organisation.
They happen to meet the patchy-eyed SSO chief  Doctor Shiva.
The rest show on handling this chief and his organization by the CBI.
<EOS>
An expedition led by Australian District Officer Steve McAllister heads up the Sepik River to a valley.
Where the adventurer Sharkeye Kelly has discovered oil.
The party includes United Nations doctor Louis Dumarcet and crocodile hunter Jeff Claton.
Louise takes blood samples and is attacked by a witchdoctor.
The expedition risks being massacred.
The children recover.
<EOS>
Six-String Samurai is set.
Which Soviet Union attacked the U.
S.
An inhospitable desert.
The government has entirely collapsed.
Who rules.
The Red Army has been besieging Vegas.
The lack has caused them to degenerate into just another gang.
Elvis has died.
The movie begins.
A radio disc jockey.
Keith Mortimer announces a call to come to Lost Vegas to try to become the new King of Rock n Roll.
Buddy  implied to be the rock n roll legend Buddy Holly  is one.
Early on  he finds himself having to take care.
The Kid turns out to be a good ally.
Buddy resents having to look.
Buddy runs.
Who are dressed.
Make up most.
He also combats many foes.
Buddy is stalked by his greatest foe  a sinister Slash look-alike  Death s goal is to eliminate all the King-wannabes and the conquest of Vegas.
Who is the personification  and his grungy group of.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who finds herself pregnant.
He does nt remember her.
When she tracks him down.
She does not expect him to marry her  all she wants.
Is enough money to pay.
Meanwhile  Angie is being pressured  played by Herschel Bernardi and Harvey Lembeck  to marry the unappealing cook Anthony.
Rocky scrapes up money.
But  Rocky refuses to let her go through.
When he and Angie meet the abortionist  who turns out not to be a doctor.
The maturity brings them closer.
He shows.
Rocky decides to take his medicine by marrying her.
Angie is insulted and refuses.
Angie wants a love relationship.
Angie moves out of the family home.
She begins dating Anthony.
Who offers to marry her.
She attracts Rocky.
Whom she invites.
He makes advances on her and is rejected.
Angie says.
She does nt want to make the last mistake.
They quarrel.
She throws him out.
The next day  Rocky waits outside Macy s  ringing bells and playing a banjo  and wins her over.
<EOS>
The Stooges are repairmen fixing the doorbell.
Is the secret headquarters.
They manage to ruin most.
Then subdue the spies and sink an enemy submarine.
<EOS>
Fabio Speranza has always been with his colleague Linda Vita.
She has never seen despite attempts to Fabio.
Is her boyfriend  thus creating a series.
The latter contact but due she believes.
Paolo Berni and Mario Patani  are two divorced.
They have organized a luxurious vacation.
They ignore  however.
Their sons Piero and Marco have booked a trip.
The two holidays are exchanged  however.
While their sons enjoy  fathers end up into a comic wandering.
Paolo and Mario understand and try to regain possession of their holiday.
There was a mistake.
<EOS>
Faced at home due to slow business at his architectural firm  Mike and his wife Carol reluctantly tell the kids.
The cash crisis ends.
The kids get together and decide to help out.
Wherever they can to help save the family house.
Mayhem ensues s about to star.
When Marcia unwittingly applies and finds out she.
<EOS>
Eve Harrington -- the newest and brightest star on Broadway -- is being presented the Sarah Siddons Award for her breakout performance as Cora in Footsteps on the Ceiling.
Theatre critic Addison DeWitt observes the proceedings and   recalls.
Eve s star rose as quickly as it did.
The film flashes back a year.
Margo Channing is one.
She is bemoaning her age  having just turned forty and knowing.
What that will mean.
One night  Margo s close friend Karen Richards  wife of the play s author Lloyd Richards  meets besotted fan Eve Harrington in the cold alley outside the stage door.
Recognizing her  Karen takes her backstage to meet Margo.
Eve tells the group gathered.
Who is eight years her junior  and Margo s maid Birdie.
She followed Margo s last theatrical tour after seeing her in a play in San Francisco.
She tells a moving and involving story  including losing her young husband in the recent war.
She is becomingly humble and flattering.
Margo quickly befriends Eve  moves her into her home  and takes her on as her assistant  leaving Birdie.
Who instinctively dislikes Eve  feeling put out.
Only to serve  Eve is gradually shown to be working to supplant Margo  scheming to become her understudy behind her back and conspiring with an unsuspecting Karen to cause Margo to miss a performance.
Eve  knowing  invites the city s theatre critics to attend that evening s performance.
She will be the one appearing that night.
Is a triumph.
Eve tries to seduce Bill.
He rejects her.
Margo and Bill reconcile  dine with the Richardses  and decide to marry.
That same night  Eve blackmails Karen into telling Lloyd to give her the part of Cora  by threatening to tell Margo of Karen s role in Margo s missed performance.
Margo announces.
Karen can talk.
She does not wish to play Cora and would prefer to continue in Wood.
Eve secures the role and attempts to climb higher.
Who is beginning to doubt her.
Eve presents Addison  to marry Lloyd.
Before the premiere play at the Shubert in New Haven.
Who  she claims  has come his love and his eagerness to leave his wife for her.
Now  Eve exults  Lloyd will write brilliant plays showcasing her.
Addison is infuriated.
Eve has attempted to use him and reveals that he knows that her back story is all lies.
Her real name is Gertrude Slojinski.
She is no war widow  no orphan  no follower.
She had been paid to leave town over her affair with her boss  a brewer in Wisconsin.
Addison blackmails Eve  informing her  for Addison s silence  she now belongs to him.
She will not be marrying Lloyd or anyone else.
The film returns.
Which Eve  now a shining Broadway star headed  is presented with her award.
She thanks Margo and Bill and Lloyd and Karen with characteristic effusion.
All four stare back.
Eve hands her award to Addison  skips a party in her honor  and returns home alone.
Where she encounters a young fan -- a high-school girl -- who has slipped and fallen asleep.
The young girl professes her adoration and begins to insinuate herself into Eve s life  offering to pack Eve s trunk for Hollywood and being accepted.
Phoebe   answers the door to find Addison returning.
She calls herself.
The young girl flirts daringly with the older man.
Addison hands over the award and leaves without entering.
Phoebe then lies  telling her it was only a cab driver.
Who dropped off the award.
Phoebe dons Eve s elegant costume robe and poses  holding the award.
Eve rests.
If it were a crown.
The mirrors transform Phoebe.
She bows regally.
If accepting the award.
Triumphant music plays.
<EOS>
Miles Rennberg is paid a surprise visit at his Paris office by aggressive underworld moll Sandra.
Brazenly taunting him  she bluntly dissects their prior relationship - a nightmarish web of masochism  money  manipulation and dependency  pimping her out to dangerous clients.
Order to gain both a business advantage and perverse personal thrills.
She outlines her newest ambition   of raising the necessary capital to run a nightclub in Beijing.
Miles makes no pretense.
He is less interested  and encourages her to visit him at his apartment.
Sandra leaves for her job at an import business  run by a young married couple  Lester and Sue Wong.
Sandra s own import sideline  drug running  is facilitated with low-ranking employee Lisa.
Acting  Lisa escorts Sandra to the site of a drug deal.
Quickly goes sour when her buyer is revealed to be a Narcotics officer.
Lester follows Sandra to the deal and accosts Lisa.
She waits.
He sends Lisa away and takes her place in the car.
Lester drives her away.
Sandra emerges.
Expressing disappointment  he takes her back to her apartment.
Where it becomes clear that the two are romantically involved.
Lester receives a call from his wife and leaves.
Sandra appears to relent and arranges to visit Miles.
Goading him  she reveals a deep-seated bitterness  she recalls  in particular  an incident  and Miles  arousal at hearing the episode recounted in front of his girlfriend.
Where a group drugged and raped her.
They both drink and end up.
Sandra undresses and tries to instigate a violent sexual game  apparently.
They used to practice.
Miles warns her off and leads her back inside to show her a pair.
He intends to use in the evening.
She expresses reluctance.
He nonchalantly waves aside.
He locks the door and pockets the keys.
When she tries to leave.
She playfully restrains him  then brutally shoots him in the head.
He takes a business call.
She quickly retraces her steps  destroying evidence of her presence  and makes a swift exit with Miles  keys.
Lester picks her up  gives her a modest sum and the name of a contact in Hong Kong  promising to join her soon.
Who will arrange her new life.
Lisa first drives her.
Where the oppressive atmosphere and the noise provoke an aggressively traumatic and regretful response.
Hong Kong Hours arrives in Hong Kong.
She makes her way.
Who sends her to a nondescript office somewhere else in the city.
She is told  but as soon.
Her contact is waiting in an adjacent room.
She enters the door is locked.
She eventually discovers the bound and murdered body of Lisa in a chair facing the back wall.
A manifestly wealthy  middle-aged Western woman arrives the men to bring Sandra out  chastising them for Lisa s death.
Eventually  one is sent in after Sandra.
Having switched clothes and positions  she manages to ambush the henchman and escape onto the streets.
She cries over her last souvenir of her relationship with Miles  his keys  before dropping them into the water.
Sandra resorts to repeatedly calling Lester.
She eventually manages to contact his wife  Sue  but agrees to meet Sandra.
Who maintains that Lester is unavailable.
Sue is evasive and aggressive  revealing.
He never really planned to leave his wife to join her.
The whole venture was an attempt to raise the investment capital.
Which Sue was fully complicit.
Sue spikes Sandra s drink.
She attempts to take everything.
Sandra threatens Sue with a gun and demands more information  Sue pleads her innocence.
She manages to talk Sandra.
She leaves Sandra unconscious.
Sandra wakes.
Whom she escaped.
The woman explains.
She owes someone a favour and sets Sandra up.
Nonetheless  Sandra eschews the easy escape and tracks Lester down.
She follows him up the staircase.
She is interrupted.
She prepares to stab him.
Lester enters an expensive restaurant  meets and leaves with a sports bag full of cash - possibly a payment for Miles  murder.
Ensured that his shares did not pass.
Sandra follows Lester down out to the car park.
Where he hesitates.
However  she finds herself unwilling to either kill or confront him.
He drives away.
<EOS>
Meena plays the dual role  and the neighbouring deity Muthu Maariamman  cutting a pretty picture in all her finery.
Devayani plays Chamundi  a devotee.
The film opens.
The latter s daughter was with the intended bridegroom Shankar.
The fond father had wanted to remove the only hurdle.
The bigwig   had also taken the help of an evil tantrik.
The presiding deity  bound.
Muthu Maariamman is helpless.
She was.
Herself asked her.
She would nt step out till Chamundi.
It is time to come to the rescue of the distressed village.
<EOS>
A young couple engage.
Order to stimulate their sexual appetites.
<EOS>
A Russian defector lands a jet.
The base commander  Air Force Colonel Jim Shannon is surprised to find.
The pilot is an attractive woman  Lieutenant Anna Marladovna.
Shannon is assigned to seduce her.
When she asks  but refuses to disclose any military information.
They fall.
Worried  Jim marries her without permission.
Major General Black takes Jim aside and informs him.
When they return.
His new wife is a spy  sent to relay information back.
The Americans decide to play along  and escalate the situation.
Shannon goes home to tell Anna  then deported.
She is to be imprisoned.
When she is finally released.
To save her  they hatch an escape plan  steal a plane and fly.
Their arrival is not shown.
Anna is criticized.
When Russian fighters closed in.
She says  then decided.
She considered shooting him.
He would be more valuable than the plane would have been.
Shannon discovers.
They are there.
Anna is pregnant.
Shannon is then assigned to help test new aircraft  a pretext.
He learns much about Soviet capabilities.
He is asked.
Only giving up outdated information.
She initially plans to turn him  learns  then lets her personal feelings override her sense of duty.
When Anna discovers this.
He is to be drugged.
She finds herself  disposes of the agent sent to keep an eye on her  steals a plane and escapes back to the West with Shannon.
<EOS>
Dr Cal Meacham  a noted scientist  receives an unusual substitute.
He ordered.
Instead  he receives instructions and parts to build a complex communication device called an interocitor.
They immediately begin construction.
Neither Meacham nor his assistant Joe Wilson have heard.
A mysterious man named.
When finished.
Exeter appears and tells Meacham he has passed the test.
His ability to build the interocitor demonstrates.
He is gifted enough to be part.
Intrigued  Meacham is picked up the next day by an unmanned  computer-controlled Douglas DC-3 aircraft with no windows.
Landing  he finds an international group of top-flight scientists already present - including an old flame  Dr Ruth Adams.
Cal is almost immediately suspicious leading the project.
Cal and Ruth flee  but their car is attacked.
Carlson is killed.
Cal and Ruth watch.
When they take off.
The facility and all its inhabitants are incinerated.
Their plane is drawn into a flying saucer.
They learn.
Exeter and his group are  having come to Earth seeking uranium deposits as well as scientists to help defend their planet in a war against the Zagons.
Exeter informs the Earthlings.
He is taking them back.
Exeter and the Metalunans are attacked.
The Metalunan saucer easily avoids each attack  dodging the oncoming meteors.
They arrive to find the planet.
Falling quickly.
Metalunan society is breaking down.
There is little hope.
Their leader  The Monitor  reveals.
The Metalunans intend to relocate and insists that Meacham and Adams be subjected to a Thought Transference Chamber in order to subjugate their free will so they can not object.
Exeter believes.
This is immoral and misguided since it impedes their ability to help the Metalunans.
Exeter decides to help Cal and Ruth escape.
They can enter the brain-reprogramming device.
Exeter is badly injured.
The three escape just before it is destroyed.
The Mutant also boards the craft  but dies on the journey back to Earth.
Exeter sends Cal and Ruth.
They enter Earth s atmosphere.
He is nearly depleted.
Himself is dying and the ship s energy.
Exeter flies out to sea and crashes.
<EOS>
Soldier Yegor Trubnikov comes back to restore the ruined collective farm facilities.
World War II ends.
Rebuilding the kolkhoz is as hard as fighting the war.
Becoming chairman  he charges himself not only for the collective farm business  but also for the destiny of the people.
Who are so close.
<EOS>
Sisters Mary Patrick  Mary Lazarus and Mary Robert attend the final performance  depicting her escapades at the nuns  convent in the previous film.
Afterwards  the Sisters ask Deloris.
Reuniting  Deloris learns.
The nuns now work.
Francis School  a school Deloris.
Herself had attended.
Is facing closure if the administrator Mr Crisp convinces the local diocese to agree.
Deloris agrees to help teach the music class  once again taking as Sister Mary Clarence.
She meets the monks.
Who also work  including principal Father Maurice  math teacher Father Ignatius  grouchy Latin teacher Father Thomas  and the cook Father Wolfgang.
Mary Clarence attempts her first lessons  finding the students unruly and rude.
Is the ringleader Rita Watson  preachy Ahmal  rap artist Frankie  Sketch.
Who sleeps a lot due.
The school will close.
Father Maurice finds himself in conflict with Mary Clarence and her unconventional ways.
Reverend Mother reassures Father Maurice.
Mary Clarence s presence will help.
Mary Clarence properly takes control  prompting Rita to walk out.
Mary Clarence decides to turn the class.
When the class breaks out  showing their true potential.
The class is skeptical  but change their minds.
When the nuns perform  and when they are shown the school s old music room.
She and Mary Clarence convince her to return.
When Mary Robert finds Rita singing.
The class rebuilds the music room and becomes a successful choir  with Rita returning to become a lead singer alongside Ahmal.
The choir performs and receives a standing ovation.
They and Mary Clarence enter the choir  with Father Maurice s reluctant permission.
The nuns find trophies revealing the school had won the state choir championship before.
However  Rita s strict mother Florence refuses to let her daughter attend  believing a career to be a dead end.
Rita rebels  forging her mother s signature form to follow her dreams  leaving her mother an apologetic letter.
Mr Crisp discovers and convinces Father Maurice to withdraw them.
After the choir leaves.
Mary Clarence is no nun.
They race.
The choir is intimidated by the competition and considers quitting.
They change their mind  reminding them.
Mary Clarence sternly lectures them.
Far they have already come.
Father Maurice appears to inform the choir  but  surprised by the choir s robes  changes his mind and allows them to go onstage.
The other monks lock Mr Crisp.
Who had come.
Rita arrives onstage  briefly getting stage fright  but leads the choir.
When she spots her mother.
The choir ultimately wins the championship.
The diocese representatives  impressed  allow the school to remain open.
They even give the shocked Mr Crisp a promotion.
When Reverend Mother makes it look like he came up to attend the competition.
Rita s mother then comes.
She was wrong  and that she is proud.
The choir confronts Mary Clarence.
Mary Clarence responds  I am not now  nor have I ever been  a ` Las Vegas showgirl.
I am a headliner.
<EOS>
The story concerns a relentless dreamer.
Who  intoxicated after dark.
The story is told and begins with a man in his apartment.
He sees a red tram and leaves his apartment to wait for the next tram to come by.
He puts his arms up to signal it to stop.
He sees the next tram approaching him.
The wind begins to blow and a curtain from an open window in his apartment complex blows outward toward the sky.
He boards the tram and rides through the night continuously looking forward instead of out the windows at the scenery.
Finally   he begins to move toward the curtain on the window of the tram and pulls it back.
He sees strange objects.
He passes.
All these objects are the only thing.
He can see when he passes them because they are engulfed  while the areas surrounding the objects is pitch black.
It appears to disappear around him.
The tram continues on.
He is back looking out the blinds of his window.
He closes the blinds and seems to be startled.
He follows it and looks into it.
There appears to be nothing.
He turns away disappointed.
The wind begins to blow harder outside.
Another tram passes.
He then gets the idea to take off the screen and stick his hand into it.
The scenery changes again.
He reaches trying to find anything.
He is back riding.
What looks with a blood stain on it.
He passes out and awakens in the makeshift version of his apartment.
He sees the paper.
He puts the crumbled  blood-stained paper.
The movie begins to spin showing different unidentifiable objects.
Finally  the movie stops spinning and shows the front.
The man is again inside.
Seems to be driving  looking out of the window.
The screen switches.
Themselves are riding the tram.
Time passes.
The man is.
Where he is.
He looks.
Again  finds himself.
It is obvious.
Time has passed because the lighting is much darker.
The mood is much more sleepy.
The man is on the tram and the scenery switches between him on the tram and the objects from earlier in the movie.
The man is riding along.
The tram accelerates.
The tram goes faster and faster.
The man s head thrusts back against him.
This results.
He apparently played like it was the tram.
He falls backward and hits his head on the ground.
He tries to get up  but fails.
More time passes.
He is still motionless.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Two scientists  Dr Elena Kinder and Dr Heep  use genius baby studies to fund their BabyCo theme park.
The children are due to ` cross over   learn to talk  and forget their universal knowledge.
One mischievous toddler  Sylvester  makes repeated attempts to escape the Kinder lab.
One night  he actually succeeds.
Is to run in a mall playground.
What Sly does not expect.
They have no idea.
Sly and Whit share a telepathic bond.
Sly is taken home.
The guards capture Whit  mistake him for Sly  and take him back to the Kinder lab.
Who is Dr Kinder s niece.
She decides to do a cross evaluation.
Dr Kinder discovers the.
However   she realizes.
When she comes.
Dan Bobbin can understand babies.
Dr Kinder decides to move the labs.
The attempts to retrieve Sly fail.
The babies Lenny  the bus driver to drive to Kinder Labs.
Once  Sly goes to the control room to set the robots from the theme park on the lab scientists.
Their natural daughter Carrie tells her father.
When the Bobbins return home.
The children are.
Dr Kinder captures Whit and takes him to the helicopter pad on the roof.
Robin and Dan chase them.
Where Dr Kinder reveals that she and Robin are not related  and that Robin was adopted.
Just then police helicopters come  ending the fight.
Sly and Whit come together.
Dan and Robin adopt Sly.
Dan is still curious.
They no longer know those secrets.
The twins have crossed over.
Carrie  their sister  does nt reveal anything.
Adults are nt meant to know their secrets.
<EOS>
Episode 1 Broccoli  Se-kyung  a singer-songwriter  can only survive.
Who is suffering.
Rejected and told  she runs out of the hospital.
Only her looks sell.
Order to make known what could be her last song.
Episode 2 Bakery Attack  Based by Haruki Murakami.
Vocalist Seong-won and drummer Hae-won decide to sell their beloved guitar out.
Thanks  he leaves it at a bakery store.
Whose owner happens to be an amateur musician.
He thus proceeds to preach about.
What it really means to love music.
They seem to be inspired to pursue their dreams no matter.
Difficult it is.
Episode 3 Unlock  Set.
Where music has ceased to exist and sound.
The two embark.
Has become a treasured relic and stores a precious song.
<EOS>
Bernard Frederic is a mediocre bank executive  married and.
He used to have another profession  to be French star Claude Francois.
Now   he must choose between his wife or the only thing  the applause.
Makes him fully happy.
<EOS>
Eschewing the traditional rockumentary methods  director Gorman Bechard instead relies on fans to tell the story of The Replacements  one of the most underrated bands in rock and roll history.
Some are more well known than others.
Members retrace the band s story from their humble beginnings in Minneapolis to their legendary onstage breakup on July 4 .
The heart  though  comes from ordinary fans.
Some saw the band hundreds of times  others only saw a show or two.
Bechard not only covers the highs  he also honestly discusses the controversial firing of guitarist Bob Stinson and the gradual softening of their sound.
It s the rock version of Rashomon.
<EOS>
A mentally unstable young man suffering finds.
His nightmare has just begun when he meets the woman.
<EOS>
Eight teenagers  are going on a weekend boat trip on a remote lake in Southern California for spring break.
They are warned to be sensible and keep out of danger.
The group are about to depart.
The group have a bonfire.
Close  two local fishermen destroy a crocodile nest.
For them both to be attacked.
The following day the teenagers continue.
Annabelle s dog  Princess  runs away  leading the group.
Where Duncan breaks an egg and Hubs hides one.
Sunny becomes incredibly drunk and reveals.
Brady cheated with her  resulting in Claire breaking up with Brady.
Hubs  falls asleep.
Who is also heavily intoxicated.
The rest return to the boat.
Sometime later  Hubs attempts to return but is eaten by the crocodile.
The boat becomes untied and begins to drift.
The friends find.
Their boat has become stuck  leaving them stranded.
Brady and Sunny go to try and find Hubs.
The rest attempt to fix the boat.
Sunny attempts to get Brady to go swimming.
She narrowly escapes an attack.
The pair rush back to warn the others  however the crocodile arrives and sinks the boat  killing Foster in the process.
Meanwhile  Sheriff Bowman finds.
The fishermen and Hubs remains.
Shurkin sets out.
Lester is seen to be feeding the crocodile  but is eventually devoured himself.
The teenagers are still stranded.
Night falls.
The crocodile returns.
Ultimatley Sunny is eaten.
The rest reach a small shop.
Where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff.
The crocodile breaks.
Brady  Claire and Duncan fight off the crocodile.
Kit escapes to start the truck outside.
A fire starts.
Causes the truck to explode  killing Kit and scaring away the crocodile.
The next day  the Sheriff and Shurkin find Brady  Claire and Duncan and pick them up.
Shurkin is knocked into the water and eaten.
The Sheriff is also killed.
The survivors swim to land.
Claire finally discovers the crocodiles egg.
The group use it to lure the crocodile to them.
They can kill it.
Duncan is eaten whole  but is quickly regurgitated.
The crocodile then takes its egg and swims back to its nest  leaving Claire  Brady  Duncan and Princess the only survivors.
<EOS>
A GI saves his buddy s life.
In the process is shot.
The injury results to the point.
Where he basically has a child s brain.
The two open up a bar together.
When they get out.
Some local gangsters make things tough.
They refuse to take part matches where fighters battle to the point of serious injury and/or death.
<EOS>
Policeman Charlie Lang is a kind and generous man and the Queens borough.
Who loves his job.
Where he lives.
His wife Muriel works and  unlike Charlie  is selfish  greedy and materialistic  constantly complaining about their situation in life.
Waitress Yvonne Biasi  is bankrupt.
Her husband Eddie  whom she could not yet afford  emptied their joint checking account and spent all the money without her permission  while also leaving her with a credit card debt of over $.
Charlie meets Yvonne.
When she waits at the diner where she works.
He promises to give her either double the tip or half the next day.
Charlie does nt have enough money to pay the tip.
He wins $ 4 million and keeps his promise  despite the protests of his wife.
He and Yvonne become stars almost immediately.
Yvonne buys the diner.
She was working in.
She sets up a table.
Which people who can not afford food can eat.
Charlie becomes a hero for foiling an attempted robbery at a grocery store but gets wounded in the process  forcing him to take leave from the police force.
Muriel gets to know the newly rich Jack Gross.
She flirts and develops a strong liking for him.
Is mutual.
Meanwhile  Charlie and Yvonne spend a lot together  on one occasion paying for the train journeys of passengers of the subway  and on another treating the children of his neighbourhood to a day out at Yankee Stadium.
Which the media report.
Muriel gets fed up and throws him out of their apartment  asking for a divorce.
That same evening  Yvonne leaves her apartment.
Her husband shows up and threatens to stay until he gets $.
Quite innocently  Charlie and Yvonne run at the Plaza Hotel and  unintentionally  end up spending the night together.
Muriel demands all the money.
Charlie won.
Charlie does nt mind giving his share but Muriel also wants the money.
He gave Yvonne.
Charlie s steadfast unwillingness to do so causes Muriel to take the case.
The jury decides.
Yvonne  feeling guilty  runs out of court in tears and tries to keep away from him.
But the cop   finds her at the diner and tells her.
The money means nothing.
They declare their love.
Considering a possible move  they are gracious enough to provide a hungry and poor customer some soup.
He eats.
The poor customer publicly eulogises their willingness to feed a hungry and poor man even.
Is none other.
The citizens  no doubt touched by the generosity of the couple  send the cop and the waitress thousands of letters with tips totaling over $ 600000  enough to help pay their debts.
As Charlie and Yvonne are moving out.
Her new husband Jack Gross flees the country from their checking account  revealing himself to be a con man.
Muriel gets remarried.
She then has no option.
To move and go back to her old manicure job.
Eddie Biasi  now divorced  ends up becoming a taxi driver.
Charlie happily returns.
Yvonne reclaims the diner.
Charlie and Yvonne get married.
Begin their honeymoon.
Bears the New York Post headline Cop Weds Waitress.
Before the closing credits roll.
<EOS>
Kamal Malhotra is a salesman working.
He lives.
One night  he meets the Nawab of Chandrapur.
His name is overheard.
Introducing himself.
He is invited to meet a diamond dealer  Seth Narottam Johri.
The members are actually taking him to be the famous CID officer Kamal Malhotra.
He is left drunk arrests him.
He explains.
What happened last night but is unable to prove the identity.
Another night  he finds Narottam Johri and tries to catch him.
Narottam Johri is killed  Luca and Kamal gets accused of the murder.
He escapes and tries to catch Luca.
The only thing is a train ticket.
He could get hold of.
To save himself and to catch Luca  he flees and travels by the same train.
Which Luca is travelling.
There he meets Sonia Shrivastav and falls with her.
To hide his identity  he introduces himself.
The police come searching for him.
So he escapes.
Sonia later tells Kamal.
She is a model.
Actually she.
Works. 
P.
Singh.
Whose gang is.
She makes.
The Captain understand that she is trying to find the true identity of Kamal while tricking him into thinking that she loves him.
But Captain realises.
She can not be trusted and asks Luca to kill her.
However  Sonia makes.
A narrow escape and Luca is killed.
One night  he gets kidnapped.
Kamal is.
However  he again manages to escape.
Towards the end  the Nawab organises an exhibition.
Sonia is supposed to exhibit.
Kamal is kept in a closed room.
He watches the exhibition.
Captain disguises himself by wearing a mask.
It is revealed.
It is actually Sonia who is the real CID officer Kamal Malhotra.
She is working to take revenge for her brother.
Who was killed.
Kamal Malhotra now realises.
Sonia actually loves him and was doing all this.
The story ends after a chase sequence.
Finally  Kamal Malhotra marries Kamal Malhotra.
This movie is a scene.
<EOS>
The storyline follows two women  Irma Peterson and Jane Stacey.
Who room together.
Irma is a somewhat dim-witted blonde.
Who deep down has good intentions.
Jane is an amibitious woman.
Who dreams.
She winds up.
Meanwhile  Irma is.
Who is a con-artist looking to get.
Al visits an orange-juice stand and encounters Steve Laird singing.
He convinces him to leave his job and promises to make him famous.
Steve and his partner Seymour then wind up living through the invitation of Al.
She is angry.
Irma convinces her to let them stay.
This opens up a romantic arc.
Where Jane and Steve fall.
Steve gets upset with Jane s wishes to marry a wealthy man.
He leaves and returns.
Meanwhile  Irma gets and decides to end her life.
However  she finds out.
A radio station is about to call her.
She wins the prize.
All live happily ever.
<EOS>
The story revolves Martin Gimmle.
Who is traveling by train to drop off a copy of his book on European.
He meets a bevy of odd characters.
Is The Stranger  an illusive and evil character.
Who has mysterious powers.
He also encounters Vera  a performer.
Who is travelling.
He falls with her.
He eventually becomes prey  following the trail of Neo-Nazi gangs and their leader  The Stranger   causing Martin the loss of his memory.
Who uses his powers.
The only persons now are Vera and her daughter.
Who can help him.
<EOS>
Abraham Lincoln lives with his parents  Nancy and Thomas.
Who work.
There  Lincoln befriends a young African American boy  William Johnson  and intervenes.
When he sees Johnson being beaten.
Thomas is fired.
That night  Lincoln sees Barts break and attack Nancy.
She dies shortly afterwards.
Thomas tells Lincoln that Barts poisoned Nancy.
Nine years later  a vengeful Lincoln attacks Barts.
Barts   overpowers him.
Who is actually a vampire.
However   Lincoln is rescued.
Barts can kill him.
Sturges explains.
Vampires exist  and offers to teach Lincoln to be a vampire hunter.
Lincoln accepts and   travels to Springfield  Illinois.
Sturges tells Lincoln.
The vampires descend from Adam  a vampire who owns a plantation in New Orleans with his sister  Vadoma.
Sturges also tells Lincoln and presents him with a silver pocket watch.
Lincoln befriends shopkeeper Joshua Speed  and meets Mary Todd.
Lincoln develops romantic feelings.
Sturges warned him not to form any close relationships.
Lincoln successfully finds and defeats Barts.
Barts reveals.
Sturges is also a vampire.
Lincoln confronts Sturges.
Who reveals that  many years ago  he and his wife were attacked and bitten.
Adam turned Sturges and killed his wife.
Now that Sturges was a vampire.
He could not kill Adam or any other vampire.
Sturges has since been training vampire hunters  hoping to destroy Adam.
Disappointed  Lincoln decides to abandon his mission.
However  Adam learns and kidnaps Johnson to lure Lincoln into a trap at his plantation.
Adam captures Lincoln and tries to recruit him  revealing his plans to turn the United States.
Speed rescues his friends.
They escape.
Lincoln marries Mary and begins his political career  campaigning to abolish slavery.
Sturges warns Lincoln.
The slave trade keeps vampires  as vampires use slaves for food.
The vampires will retaliate.
Lincoln interferes.
He moves to the White House with Mary.
Where they have a son  William Wallace Lincoln.
William is later bitten and dies.
Confederate President Jefferson Davis convinces Adam to deploy his vampires.
This impacts the first day.
Lincoln orders the confiscation silverware to produce silver weapons.
Speed  believing  informs Adam.
Lincoln is tearing the nation apart.
Lincoln will transport the silver.
Adam and Vadoma   attack Lincoln  Sturges  and Johnson.
Who have set fire.
Adam learns.
The train holds only rocks.
Speed reveals.
His betrayal was a ruse to lure Adam.
Adam kills Speed.
Lincoln wraps his silver watch through Adam s chest  killing him.
Lincoln escapes the exploding train.
Meanwhile  Mary and the ex-slaves have transported the silver through the Underground Railroad - it is here.
Vadoma is killed.
The now leaderless Confederate vampires stage a final  massive assault and are met.
Armed  the Union soldiers destroy the vampires and eventually win the war.
Nearly two years later   Sturges tells Lincoln.
The remaining vampires have fled the country.
Sturges tries to convince Lincoln to allow him to turn Lincoln.
That he can become immortal and continue to fight vampires.
Lincoln declines and leaves implying.
He is soon to be assassinated.
Sturges approaches a man at a bar in Washington  D.
C.
As he once approached Lincoln.
<EOS>
A group have the usual problems.
Deirdre is a disco queen.
Who is fascinated  likes boys and has many boyfriend troubles.
Madge is unhappily overweight and angry.
She is a virgin.
Her parents are overprotective.
She has an annoying younger sister.
Annie is a teenage runaway.
Who drinks and pops pills  and runs away.
Jeanie has to take care  is fighting with her divorced mother  and is yearning for a closer relationship with her distant father  a tour manager for the rock band Angel.
It is implied.
Her mother had her when just a teenager herself.
The girls believe.
School is a waste  their boyfriends are immature  and that they are alienated from the adults in their lives.
All four seem immersed.
The only way to loosen up and forget the bad things happening in their lives is to party and have fun.
Annie is the least responsible.
Jeanie is ready to grow up and wants to stop acting.
Jeanie is most worried and continually takes risks to try to keep Annie clean and safe.
Annie s unstable behavior keeps everyone  and finally leads to her death in a car wreck.
Annie s death brings changes.
Madge marries Jay  an older man  Deirdre no longer acts boy-crazy  and Jeannie graduates and is about to head off to college.
Who deflowered her.
Jeannie visits Annie s grave and smokes a cigarette.
She muses.
Annie wanted to be buried  so that each year her friends could come by  have a pear and say  Annie s tastin  good this year  huh.
<EOS>
There is an old Gadwal fort and every one.
That village believes that there is a hidden treasure inside.
Rao Gopal Rao  a rich man  tries every possible way to explore that treasure.
An archeological assistant  Raja  comes as an ordinary youth in search of a job.
He unearths the secret.
Raja becomes a problem by interfering in all his misdeeds.
Unexpectedly  Raja s sister s daughter.
She meets Raja to gives her heart.
But Raja falls with another village belle  Rani.
Raja realizes the truth.
It was Rao Gopal Rao  who killed his sister and plans to take revenge.
He succeeds at the cost of Rani s love.
Who sacrifices her love to help Raja.
The hidden treasure is recovered and handed.
Raja and Padma marry.
<EOS>
Three government aviators  the Flying G-Men - one of  fight to protect the US and its allies from an enemy spy ring and to avenge the death of the fourth Flying G-Man  Charles Bronson.
Whom is disguised.
<EOS>
Black is based.
Shanmughan plays a Head Police Constable but also a hitman.
Who does his job.
There is a man  Advocate Devin Carlos Padaveedan.
He and Shanmughan are accomplices.
A newly-appointed police officer  Ashok  tries to clean up the city  but fails to do.
As he is killed.
Shanmugan is not very happy  and creates some indifference between the friends.
He wants to live a peaceful life  but the transformation is not acceptable.
Shanmugan finds his own daughter.
He wants Shanmughan dead.
This changes the situation.
He could only speak.
Shanmughan asks City Police Commissioner.
This leads.
Padaveedan is ready for the arrival of his old friend and current enemy - the man from darkness.
Verdict  Box Office BlockBuster.
<EOS>
Evan is a young man.
Who lives.
He uses it to romantically pursue a young mother  Candy.
When he unexpectedly comes.
Who is still entangled.
<EOS>
The President be considered of utmost urgency by the National Police.
For it to be handed down.
Adele Blanc-Sec  a journalist and travel writer  finds herself involved after returning from Egypt.
Where she was searching.
She wants to revive the mummy.
The doctor can save her sister Agathe  who is comatose.
She retrieves the mummy and returns home.
Her mission is complicated further being on death row  having been blamed for the pterosaur s attacks in lieu of Inspector Caponi and celebrity big game hunter Justin de Saint-Hubert having any success in taking down the beast itself.
The mummy ends up being the Pharaoh s Nuclear physicist and is unable to help her sister medically.
He does  however  accompany Adele.
Where they revive the rest there  including the Pharaoh himself.
The Pharaoh s doctor uses their advanced medical techniques to revive Agathe.
The Pharaoh then decides  so the entire court wanders out  scaring the ever-hapless Choupard yet again.
He wants to see Paris.
Adele decides.
She needs a vacation to relax.
The final scene shows her boarding a ship  only to be annoyed.
Professor Dieuleveut appears   the RMS Titanic.
The viewpoint pulls back the name is revealed.
<EOS>
The film opens.
She reminisces with death.
Sandra was enthralled by the feelings invoked by the stillness and smell of death.
A near nude Sandra would dance with the corpse of an animal rubbing it on her body  before giving the animal a funeral.
Sandra only had one childhood friend  a girl named Carol.
Who also had a death fascination.
Their friendship ended.
Carol found Sandra s ceremonial dance too extreme.
Fast-forward fascinated in biology  carefully dissecting the bodies of small animal  trying to avoid disfiguring them.
Sandra was working.
When she learned at a funeral home.
She asks Mr Wallis  the mortician.
He hires her.
The funeral home s janitor Jan believes.
Dead bodies still have a soul.
Sandra looks and finds a shining light  believing.
Driving the hearse through a carwash.
Body s soul is alive somewhere.
Mr Wallis apprentices Sandra.
She starts studying mortuary science.
Where she meets a med student named Matt who also must study corpses.
Matt and Sandra begin.
Matt is intrigued.
Occasionally they would spend.
Night s together.
Sandra would leave to the mortuary to celebrate the dead bodies of young men with dance ceremonies.
Escalate to an extreme obsession.
Matt becomes distraught.
When he discovers that he is competing.
He unsuccessfully tries to get Sandra to talk  so he starts visiting Sandra at the funeral home.
Upset her.
Matt has to go   with tragic results.
She struggles.
<EOS>
Harry Crown  a stylish professional hit man with ivory grips  carried in a shoulder holster  is brought in by mob boss Uncle Frank Kelly.
When his operation is challenged.
Crown is caught.
Is his romantic interest  Buffy  a third-grade schoolteacher.
Big Eddie has hired Marvin The Claw Zuckerman  a sadistic one-armed killer with a prosthetic attachment.
Includes machine guns and knives.
Buffy is abducted  causing Harry to ignore.
A showdown results in The Claw being overpowered and literally disarmed.
Harry appears to be too late to save Buffy  but a gunshot rings out.
Big Eddie falls.
<EOS>
Military units loyal to Radchenko  an ultranationalist  have taken control of a nuclear missile installation and are threatening nuclear war.
Either the American or the Russian government attempts to confront him.
A U.
S.
Navy nuclear submarine  the USS Alabama  is assigned a patrol mission  to be available to launch its missiles.
Radchenko attempts to fuel his missiles.
Captain Frank Ramsey is the commanding officer.
One left in the Navy with any combat experience.
He chooses Lieutenant Commander Ron Hunter.
Who has an extensive education.
No combat experience.
Tensions between Ramsey and Hunter become apparent due to a clash of personalities  Hunter s more analytical  cautious approach  as opposed to Ramsey s more impulsive and intuitive approach.
The Alabama eventually receives.
An Emergency Action Message  ordering the launch of its missiles against the Russian nuclear installation  based on satellite information that the Russians  missiles are being fueled.
A second message arrives but is cut off.
The Alabama can launch.
The radio is damaged and is unable to decode the second message.
Captain Ramsey decides to proceed.
The last confirmed order being to launch.
Hunter refuses to concur.
Is procedurally required  because he believes the partial second message may be a retraction.
Hunter argues.
The Alabama is not the only American submarine.
Other submarines will launch their missiles.
The order is not retracted.
Ramsey argues.
The other American submarines may have been destroyed.
Ramsey tries to relieve him and replace him with a different officer.
When Hunter refuses to consent.
Instead  Hunter orders the arrest of Ramsey.
The crew s loyalty is divided.
A mutiny ensues and command hands  with Ramsey retaking the bridge and Hunter then getting support from the weapons officer in the missile control room  further delaying the launch.
Other crew members try to repair the radio.
The battle continues.
Eventually   agrees  they will wait until the deadline to see.
Ramsey gains control  but with the radio team reporting they are near success.
The radio can be repaired.
Communications are restored.
They finally see the full message.
It is a retraction ordering.
The missile launch be aborted  because Radchenko s rebellion has been quelled.
Ramsey and Hunter are put before a naval tribunal to answer for their actions.
The tribunal concludes  so Hunter s mutiny was lawfully justified.
Both men were simultaneously right and wrong.
Unofficially  the tribunal chastises both men.
Thanks  the tribunal agrees to grant Hunter his own command.
Ramsey opts.
Both men then reconcile their differences and part ways.
<EOS>
The moon is in the process of being colonized.
This new frontier is attracting a diverse group to settlements such as Moon City  Farside 5 and others.
Two such denizens are the notorious millionaire J.
J.
Hubbard and former-astronaut-turned-satellite-salvager Bill Kemp.
The first man to set foot has now left the Space Corporation.
He wants to do space exploration whereas his former employer only wants to do commercial passenger flights.
He hires Kemp to capture it using Kemp s old Moon 02 space ferry and bring it down.
When Hubbard hears.
It would be.
However  Kemp has little choice.
He has learned that his flight license soon will be revoked due from the Corporation.
Hubbard also reveals  he would build more powerful rockets capable.
He plans to use the sapphire thermal insulator.
Meanwhile a young woman arrives looking.
Unfortunately  the trip would take six days by lunar buggy.
She convinces him to try to learn.
Kemp could go there.
Whether her brother is still alive.
Kemp learns more.
He would like about some.
<EOS>
Goodbye  Dragon Inn is set at an old Taipei cinema.
Is closing down  showing King Hu s 1967 sword-fighting classic Dragon Inn.
Only a few people are present.
A variety are developed around them.
The ticket woman tries to find the projectionist  searching for him.
Order to present him.
She wears an iron brace.
She walks  struggling up and down stairs.
A young Japanese tourist wanders.
An older man tells him.
The cinema is haunted.
An old man   watches the film.
Who was one.
He encounters an older man  this man also starred in the original film.
Who had been watching the film.
The film is shot.
There are only about a dozen.
<EOS>
The film opens at the height of the Vietnam War.
John Converse  a disillusioned war correspondent  approaches Ray Hicks  a merchant marine sailor and acquaintance from back in the US  for help in smuggling a large quantity of heroin from Vietnam to San Francisco.
Where he will exchange the drugs with Converse s wife Marge  who has become addicted to Dilaudid.
He goes  and is eventually pursued by the corrupt DEA agent.
When Hicks discovers that he is being followed.
Who initially set the deal.
She experiences withdrawal.
Marge is separated.
Hicks decides to help her wean by using the heroin.
Hicks also attempts to find another buyer.
His pursuers can catch up.
<EOS>
The opening scenes are animation.
The first animation shows a cartoon penis and two testes pursuing a cartoon woman.
The penis penetrates her vagina.
She is hanging.
A cartoon mouse is shown putting its very large penis into the vagina of a cartoon cat.
The film shows live action.
Various sequences are shown depicting naked women engaged  kissing  and masturbating with a dildo  a male hand spreading out a woman s labia  a woman showing her vulva  a scene of cunnilingus  and a scene of insertion of a beer bottle inside a woman s vagina.
<EOS>
Off-duty American airmen are ordered to report to their squadron in July.
Becomes a flight halfway to Germany for the C-54 Skymasters of the.
What is briefed.
Where the Soviets have blockaded Berlin.
Tech Sgt.
Danny MacCullough  flight engineer  is immediately ordered to fly with his crew from Frankfurt into Tempelhof Airport to deliver a load of coal.
His friend Master Sgt.
Hank Kowalski  a Ground-Control Approach operator  hitches a ride to his new station.
Hank  a POW  resents the German people and goes out of his way to be rude and overbearing to them.
Danny is frustrated by not being able to leave the airport because of the necessity of quickly offloading and returning to Frankfort.
Months later the crew renames their airplane Der Schwarze Hibiscus because of the grimy soot.
Has accumulated from hauling coal.
They become temporary celebrities.
When they are the 100000 th flight into Berlin.
Danny is immediately enamored.
Danny jumps.
When a news correspondent covering the ceremony recruits Danny.
Danny s uniform is accidentally covered with poster paste  forcing him to wear civilian working clothes.
His uniform is cleaned.
They meet Hank and his Schatze  the friendly and intelligent Gerda.
Where Hank is rude.
Hank chances to see the former prison guard.
Who tortured him and nearly beats him to death.
Danny is able to stop Hank and is mistaken for a German attacking Hank.
Is chased by MPs.
Danny and Frederica barely escape back.
Where Hank is waiting at Frederica s apartment and has unexpectedly befriended her neighbor and Danny s friend  Herr Stieber.
Danny falls  despite learning from Hank.
She lied about the backgrounds of her dead husband and father.
She exploits Danny s feelings to go to America.
Where her German lover is living.
He arranges to marry Frederica.
When Danny receives notice that he is due to rotate back soon.
Herr Stieber suspects duplicity and intercepts a letter  confirming.
She has written.
She intends to divorce Danny back as soon as she legally can -- and see her lover behind his back until that happens.
Hank  in trying to teach Gerda the meaning of democracy  comes to see.
He has been hypocritical toward Germans.
He begins treating Gerda.
They meet Frederica to be witnesses.
He tells Fredrica.
When Danny arrives.
She will have to wait a long time  if ever  to get.
Herr Stieber has given Danny the letter.
She wrote.
Hank reveals but has switched his temporary assignment in Berlin to permanent duty.
He is not going home.
Danny s flight out departs amidst rumors.
The Russians will soon end the blockade.
<EOS>
The film begins.
What appears to be the West End.
He sits  passing the time  but is soon joined by a younger man  Simon  also interested in waiting by the door.
It soon becomes apparent.
The two men are very early patrons by The Man of a Thousand Faces.
Their attention gets diverted.
Both sit waiting.
The men decide to have a game of chess.
Which Roger exits a taxi and starts to make his way.
Granny turns a corner heading the same way.
Determined not to be left  Granny all but runs to the forming line  nearly stepping on her dog.
Alas  Roger beats her.
Dismayed  she scares away the newly advancing woman.
Who would be the last one.
Having scared away the Granny and her dog  and seen the show  the trio regroups the goup for a picture.
One offers to take for them.
The dog reappears and follows the cast member down the street.
The patrons put two and two together.
<EOS>
The prospect is no longer.
The dream has survived every US administration since World War II and is coming to life.
Today the technology exists to weaponize space  a massive American industry thrives.
Nations are maneuvering.
<EOS>
A tragicomedy set.
Which the drunken Sir Charles Henry Arbuthnot Pinkerton Ferguson  Bt has an incestuous relationship.
<EOS>
Ace  a wannabe rock star  is to a concert of the band Guitar Wolf.
When space aliens invade the Earth.
The dead rise to their feet in the countryside setting of Asahi  Japan  with an appetite for flesh.
Enlisting the help n roll blood brother Guitar Wolf  Ace and the members of the band get entangled in many misadventures with crazy rock managers in very tight shorts  transsexuals  naked women shooting guns in the shower  and bloodthirsty zombies ready to tear them apart.
Leather jackets  loud over-modulated music  laser guitar picks  motorcycles  guns  muscle cars  and fire abound.
Guitar Wolf  a Japanese trio signed in the US -- and self-proclaimed coolest rock band in the world -- star as the well-coiffed heroes.
It is also a love story   a trans woman.
The music   plays an important role in the film.
It features music.
His 1997 song is featured.
This film is similar  La matanza canibal de los garrulos lisergicos produced by Siniestro Total.
<EOS>
The movie stars Maurice Chevalier  Claudette Colbert  Miriam Hopkins  Charles Ruggles and George Barbier.
It is a romantic comedy.
The Lieutenant while standing before a parade honoring the visiting royal family of Flausenthurm takes an opportunity to smile at his girlfriend in the crowd.
Unfortunately the smile is intercepted.
An international incident is narrowly avoided.
The Lieutenant sneaks away and discovers his girlfriend Franzi.
The princess receives notice and decides to confront Franzi.
<EOS>
Frustrated  Beans decides.
The only way to grasp the American Dream is to take it.
The film follows Beans and his crew  the ABM.
They take  creating mayhem as their empire builds.
Beans now struggles to maintain his family life.
Bumping heads.
It all comes.
When he can not surpass the city s most notorious crew  run.
The moves Beans.
The ABM decide to make come.
<EOS>
Arthur Sherwood  editor-in-chief stumbles upon a nudist colony on a hunting trip and smells a good story.
He makes Stacy Taylor  his best reporter  join the Nudist club.
She can expose the immorality from the inside.
However  Stacy grows fond and convinced of their healthy and natural life style.
Arthur fires her and joins the club himself.
Only his expose turns as well.
<EOS>
Frank Decker is an ex-Los Angeles policeman now partnered.
He meets and falls in love with the beautiful Angela.
Who s unhappily married.
The complications follow a pattern reminiscent.
Result. 
<EOS>
Han  a brutal and tyrannical warlord  unites the country s kingdoms into an empire and becomes The Dragon Emperor.
He orders.
The construction to bury and curse his dead enemies.
The Emperor s mystics teach.
Him supernatural mastery.
Years later  Emperor Han begins to grow fearful.
All he has accomplished will be lost.
He hears.
Who is said to know the secret and sends his henchman  General Ming Guo  to bring the sorceress to the palace.
They fall.
When Ming finds Zi Yuan.
He has Ming executed and impales Zi Yuan.
Zi Yuan seemingly casts a spell  a language he does not understand.
Revealing  Zi Yuan immolates and detains the Emperor and transforms his army.
She has foreseen these events.
The sorceress flees.
Archaeologist Alex OConnell  the son of Rick and Evelyn OConnell  locates Emperor Han s tomb with the financial backing of archaeology professor Roger Wilson.
Three assistants are killed.
Alex is attacked  but succeeds in bringing the Emperor s coffin to Shanghai.
Meanwhile  the British government entrusts the OConnells to take the Eye back to China.
Wilson is actually a member.
Who see the Emperor.
The mysterious woman attacks the mummified Emperor in his coffin.
Turns out to be a decoy.
The magical fluid within the Eye lands on the statue of the carriage driver  revealing itself to be the Emperor s actual body.
The Emperor is revived  trapped.
Han accepts the service but kills Wilson.
Lin attempts to kill the Emperor.
Can destroy him.
Along.
Who owns a Shanghai nightclub named Imhotep s.
Will reveal the path when the Eye is placed on top of it.
The group hold off Yang s soldiers.
Emperor discovers the location.
He throws a dagger.
Rick intervenes and is mortally wounded.
Using a thrown grenade attached  Alex triggers an avalanche to reach Shangri-La and meet with Zi Yuan.
The ancient sorceress heals Rick s wound.
The group discovers  both rendered immortal.
Lin is Zi Yuan s 2000-year-old daughter.
The magical dagger is the same dagger.
Lin carries.
The Emperor used.
Zi Yuan also reveals.
She would have died if she had not been saved  and warns Alex that if the Emperor is allowed to drink from the Pool of Eternal Life  he will not only be able to raise his army  but be granted the power to transform into ancient and fearsome Chinese animal spirits.
Alex and Lin have grown attached.
Lin pushes the relationship away due  after watching Zi Yuan mourn General Ming for centuries  she does not want to fall in love with Alex only to watch him grow old and die.
The Emperor eventually arrives and attacks them and takes the dagger  breaks free of his terracotta form and bathes in the waters   replenishes his powers  and gives him the ability to shapeshift.
Restores his human form and youth.
He transforms  kidnaps Lin  and flies to his tomb.
Where he raises the Terracotta Army  now aided.
The Emperor announces his plans.
To conquer the entire world and that once he leads his army  they will be invincible.
The OConnells and Zi Yuan pursue the Emperor.
Where Zi Yuan sacrifices her.
Lin s immortality to revive the workers killed and buried  creating an undead army of her own  led by a vengeful  revived General Ming.
The Army  with aid from the group s modern weapons and air support  fights the Terracotta Army  she is mortally wounded but succeeds in securing the dagger.
Zi Yuan battles the Emperor.
Alex rescues the captive Lin.
Who was bound and gagged.
The gang finally catches up.
Lin grieves.
They find Zi Yuan dying soon.
Then  Emperor Han transforms and goes beneath the Great Wall.
Order to use his elemental powers to negate Zi Yuan s spell and draw Ming s army back.
However  he is stopped.
Yang and Choi are pushed.
When they attempt to interfere.
Rick and Alex tackle the Emperor  but they are overpowered by the Emperor s transformation into an ogre with Alex being knocked unconscious and Rick onto a lit torch.
The dagger is broken.
The Emperor fights him.
Rick questions the Emperor.
Rick is overpowered.
Alex grabs the blade  and jumps into the nearby water.
Rick sheaths the dagger s hilt and plunges it.
Alex stabs him  simultaneously piercing the Emperor s heart from both sides  releasing the dagger s curse.
The Emperor is consumed out by molten lava  resulting in the death of the Emperor and his army.
Ming s army celebrates briefly.
The OConnells return.
Where Alex and Lin fall again.
Jonathan decides to move with the Eye of.
He has stolen himself.
He hopes there are no mummies.
But  mummies were discovered in Peru.
<EOS>
Gopan is living.
His neighbor Celin falls with him.
But he reveals.
He narrates his story.
Asha Lakshmi is Ashok s mother.
Gopan and Asha were.
They got married.
Asha is.
Gopan is just a videographer.
Asha  an admired classical dance artist prior  left her career to lead a life with Gopan  becoming a simple housewife.
Maya Varma  a famous classical dance artist  learns and asks her to join her dance troupe.
Asha s aspiring career starts with the peaceful life  this  fueled by tensions between Gopan and Asha s father  results in Gopan leaving with His son  Gopan thinks.
She had.
She has a change.
He keeps his child away from asha.
He thinks.
She is without a family.
<EOS>
The film is set in the 5th century BC.
Esther comes.
The King s wife is murdered.
The king has been trying to stifle and defeat the campaign by his evil minister Haman.
There are several intervening adventures and an additional  attractive woman.
The King can pair off and defeat the villainous Haman.
Who competes.
<EOS>
The story.
Trouble brews   causing both the Streatham and Wimbledon police to investigate.
When Smith is mugged and ends up.
Where both surface.
Having upset his schedule  Smith becomes hopelessly entangled with his lazy layabout neighbour upstairs in Wimbledon  to explain himself to his wives and two suspicious police officers.
<EOS>
Dona Barbara is a wealthy landowner hardened.
She had.
Which she was gang raped.
She has accumulated her vast lands and cattle herds.
One is Santos Luzardo.
Who has returned to take control of his family s ranch.
He suspects.
His ranch foreman  Don Balbino  had been working in stealing his cattle.
The other men do not believe  but he demonstrates his superior horsemanship.
Santos will be a match.
It seems.
The balance is going to tip.
Dona Barbara has a teenage daughter.
Dona Barbara left broken and penniless.
He is now an alcoholic.
The girl  Marisela  is left to fend.
Dona Barbara has no interest.
Juan Primito  a servant looks after her.
Eventually  is discovered by Santos.
Who takes her and her father  and gives the girl education.
Meanwhile  Dona Barbara has become attracted.
Dona Barbara still looks to ruin Santos.
When she finds that her own daughter is a rival.
<EOS>
The travelling theatre troupe s worst actress  Violet dreams could be.
She only had the right opportunities.
Jimmy is a runaway bank clerk.
Who joins the troupe.
<EOS>
North Dakota farmgirl Esther Victoria Blodgett yearns to become a Hollywood actress.
Esther s grandmother gives her her savings to follow her dream.
Her aunt and father discourage such thoughts.
Esther goes and tries to land a job as an extra.
So many others have had the same idea.
The casting agency has stopped accepting applications.
Esther is told.
Her chances are one in.
She befriends a new resident.
Esther has her first encounter.
When Danny and Esther go.
She admires greatly.
Norman has been a major star.
His alcoholism has sent his career.
Danny gets Esther a one-time waitressing job.
She catches Norman s eye.
Serving hors duvre.
He gets his longtime producer and good friend  Oliver Niles  to give her a screen test.
Impressed  Oliver gives her a new name and a contract.
She practices her few lines.
However   Norman persuades Oliver to cast Esther.
When the studio has trouble finding a female lead.
The film makes her an overnight success.
As viewers continue to lose interest.
Norman proposes  she accepts.
When he promises to give up drinking.
They elope and enjoy a trailer-camping honeymoon in the mountains.
Vicki s popularity continues to skyrocket.
When they return.
Norman realizes his own career is over.
Norman stays sober.
His frustration finally pushes him over the edge.
He starts drinking again.
He interrupts her acceptance speech.
When Vicki wins the industry s top award.
A stay seems to cure Norman s increasingly disruptive alcoholism.
A chance encounter gives the press agent an opportunity to vent his long-concealed contempt and dislike for Norman.
Norman resumes drinking.
Esther decides to give up her career.
Order to devote herself.
He drowns himself.
Norman overhears her discussing her plan.
Shattered  Vicki decides to quit and go home.
Soon afterward  her grandmother shows up and convinces her to resume acting.
Vicki is asked to say a few words into the microphone to her many fans listening across the world  she announces  Hello everybody.
This is Mrs Norman Maine.
<EOS>
An Allied bombing raid causes a tiny girl to pray for deliverance.
In 1979  Father Frank Shore is a priest  now a Postulator.
Who investigates claims.
Now the woman has been nominated.
Having never encountered a genuine miracle  he is known for debunking false claims of miracles.
Father Frank is suffering a crisis.
When he is sent to investigate the miracles  the late Helen ORegan who has been nominated for sainthood  and winds up becoming the greatest advocate for her canonization.
Father Frank uncovers a series.
The most extraordinary thing may be the saint s very earthly daughter  Roxane.
Roxane is a.
Who can not forgive her otherwise selfless mother.
<EOS>
He overpowers her and accidentally kills her.
When Isis tries to leave Roman s apartment.
He keeps her severed body.
A neighbor  Eva pursues him.
They have a difficult relationship.
Neither wants to leave the other.
Eva knocks.
When he is handling the frozen foot.
He hides the foot and lets her in.
The severed foots falls.
They are.
That something stinks.
The next day  Eva leaves a note.
He finds her apparently lying prostate.
His extreme cries the building superintendant.
When he realizes she is dead.
Who accuses him.
<EOS>
Supernova chronicles the search and rescue patrol.
Includes captain and pilot A.
J.
Marley  co-pilot Nick Vanzant  medical officer Kaela Evers  medical technician Yerzy Penalosa  search and rescue paramedic Danika Lund  and computer technician Benjamin Sotomejor.
Aboard their vessel  the Nightingale 229  they receive an emergency distress signal coming away.
The crew answers the call and dimension jumps  arriving.
Some of which damages the ship and causes the loss.
Worse still  Titan 37 orbits a blue giant.
Its high gravity field will pull the ship.
Where it will be incinerated.
The crew soon find themselves in danger from the disturbing young man  and the mysterious alien artifact.
They rescue.
He has smuggled aboard.
This artifact is analyzed and is said to contain Ninth Dimensional Matter.
It is ultimately discovered.
The young man who called is actually Karl Larson  an old former lover of Kaela s.
Karl came with the ninth dimensional matter after recovering the artifact.
It somehow enabled him to acquire super strength  supernatural healing abilities  and made him younger.
Karl murders most  and strands Nick on the mining platform.
Karl unsuccessfully attempts to romantically reconcile.
Nick finds his way back through a rescue pod left on the mining platform.
A battle ensues.
Karl is ultimately killed using explosives placed.
Karl was obsessed.
The explosion ejects the artifact  hurtling it towards the blue giant.
Kaela and Nick place themselves.
Moments left before the dimension jump activates.
Is the only thing that enables human beings to survive the ship s dimensional jump drive.
The pods are only meant to hold one person  however - two subjects might be genetically mixed.
The computer warns them.
Nick and Kaela enter the only remaining pod.
The 9th dimensional matter is reacting and will cause a 9th dimensional reaction that will spread in all directions  such that the reaction s resulting supernova will reach Earth within 51 years.
The computer hypothesizes.
The reaction will either destroy life or enable humankind to achieve a new level of existence.
The ship engages.
Before the blue giant supernovas.
Brings Nick and Kaela back.
Kaela is now pregnant with Nick s child.
The two have one eye of the other person s original eye color.
<EOS>
Marine biologist Skyler Shane meets Jack Bowman.
Then  Shane met Tamal  a child.
But  Tamal s uncle is killed.
When he was walking.
Andi  Jack s child time friend is killed too.
All died of a big bite and sting.
Boss Harris  a boss is dragged.
When boating  and finally when sailing  Jack and Shane s boat is attacked by a giant sea scorpion  a real-life Gigascorpis.
Two men also killed.
Tamal says.
Maybe they should dive to subdue the creature.
Aris  a young diver helped them.
They still confused a long extinct creature is now here.
Would. 
Jimmy Kudrow  a young president revealed.
He breeded prehistoric creatures.
Gigascorpis was the most perfect creation.
But  the Gigascorpis infiltirated his base and killed him  then eat him.
Gigascorpis is purused.
Shane takes a harpoon along and dives.
The battle ensues and Shane tries to avoid Gigascorpis  sting attack.
Finally  Shane shoots the sharp harpoon.
Red blood gases come out.
Finally Gigascorpis died.
The threat was ended.
<EOS>
Big Enos Burdett is attempting to be elected against other candidate  John Coen.
They are both confronted by the outgoing governor  and given a thorough tongue lashing.
He overhears the governor yelling to take responsibility of transporting a crate of unknown content from Miami to the Republican Party convention in Dallas.
Burdett is leaving the office.
Burdett then schemes to pick up the crate and deliver it.
He enlists the help to carry out the task.
Cledus then attempts to convince the Bandit to do it one last time.
Unfortunately   the Bandit has split from his love-interest Frog and become an alcoholic.
The Bandit is said to be the only man to drink up a Trans Am.
Cledus seeks the help   equal to $ -LCB- -LCB- Inflation -RCB- -RCB- today.
Big Enos has raised the stakes to $.
Frog abandons her second attempt Buford T.
Justice s son Junior to help.
She is initially persuaded.
She buys him a 1980 Turbo Trans Am Son  powered by the Turbo 301  by trading in Junior s car.
The middle sections feature a race across the United States.
The trio once again tries to outrun and outwit Justice and Junior.
The team discovers.
Their cargo is.
They need to get it.
The mysterious cargo turns out to be an elephant.
When they break to steal the crate.
Who they named Charlotte after Snowman remarked that she reminded him and even smelled like her  too.
Charlotte races out  nearly trampling Frog.
When Cledus opens the crate containing the elephant.
The Bandit saves the day.
Noticing  the Bandit removes it.
A splinter was stuck.
The elephant takes a shine.
Cledus fears.
Charlotte is.
They find.
An Italian gynaecologist stopped at the same gas station as they are.
He freaks out and nearly runs away.
When the gynecologist discovers it is an elephant he has to look.
He sees his driver speed away  leaving him stranded.
The doctor attempts to refuse helping them.
He gives in and agrees to ride and examine her.
The Bandit and Cledus bribe him.
Charlotte is later discovered to be pregnant.
The doctor pleads.
They try to make Burdett s deadline.
Charlotte can rest off.
He reluctantly gives  the first time wrapped up by Charlotte  the second time agrees on his own  Frog citing Bandit s desire to regain his lost fame of the past.
She grows closer.
She did.
A picture cradled by suspended netting.
She sees him scribbling on a napkin.
Order to keep her off.
She becomes furious and leaves.
The Bandit follows.
She says.
She then consider seeing him again.
When he likes himself again would.
He later makes his drawing a reality.
The doctor agrees and agrees to press on.
The idea will work.
Unable to stop the Bandit and Cledus  Justice enlists the help  Reginald Van Justice from Canada  and Gaylord Justice  from another part of Texas.
Justice lures the Bandit  with a line of Mounties on one hill side  Texas Rangers  in white cars  on the other.
Bandit orders Cledus to continue delivering Charlotte.
Cledus later returns  to help destroy all of the police cars.
Charlotte and the doctor watch the action.
Only Buford  Gaylord  and Reginald come out relatively unscathed.
Bandit and Cledus escape the valley.
A trailer pulls out resulting falling down and being destroyed.
The Justice s follow.
However  Buford s car is still operable.
Missing its doors and roof.
Justice and Junior are cut off.
They drive off the road  hitting an embankment  throwing Junior into the pond.
Buford simply says  Retiring.
When asked what he was thinking about.
Eventually  Bandit informs Frog.
He likes himself again  and that he did not want to spend the rest without her.
He informs her.
When she asks.
He blew it  and said they could still get there nonetheless.
He shows her Charlotte and her baby.
Frog is overjoyed.
Bandit asks Charlotte.
It is fine to marry Frog  to which Charlotte responds loudly.
They drive away in tow  with Buford pursuing them in a bus.
<EOS>
Carl Brashear decides to leave his lifestyle by way of joining the United States Navy.
He is inspired by the bravery of one of the divers  Master Chief Petty Officer Leslie William Billy Sunday.
Where he is assigned.
He is determined to overcome racism and become the first African American Navy diver  even proclaiming.
He will become a Master Diver.
He eventually is selected to attend Diving and Salvage School.
Where he arrives.
He finds.
Master Chief Sunday is the Leading Chief Petty Officer.
Head instructor   bigoted commanding officer to ensure.
Who is.
Brashear fails.
Brashear struggles to overcome his educational shortcomings  a result in the 7th grade.
Order to help his family s failing farm.
He receives educational assistance.
Who works part time.
Brashear proves himself by rescuing a fellow student.
Whose dive buddy abandoned him.
Unfortunately   the student is awarded a medal for Brashear s heroic actions.
Who fled.
Likewise.
Where each student had to assemble a flange underwater using a bag.
Brashear finishes the assembly and successfully completes the diving school  earning the quiet and suppressed admiration.
Master Chief Sunday is later demoted for standing up for Brashear and allowing him to pass  having since been demoted to Senior Chief.
His career begins to wane.
He continues to lose his composure  until he is finally demoted to Chief Petty Officer and relegated to menial duties.
The two eventually meet again.
Brashear loses his left leg and must fight the US Navy bureaucracy in order to return to full active duty and fulfill his dream of becoming a master diver.
They are successful.
Brashear is reinstated.
It is noted.
Two years later Brashear becomes a master diver.
It is added.
He does not retire.
<EOS>
Five of her fans come together for a commemorative meeting.
They slowly come.
Her death did not occur the way they thought it did.
The more the case takes shape.
The more they talk.
The closer they come.
<EOS>
Told mostly  it is the story of Dale.
Which reality and fantasy intermingle Dale s imagination.
Dale is a hustler.
Who says he likes sex  lots of it and in all of its varied forms  including.
He spends his days cruising parks and saunas or prostituting to high-paying clients making their sexual fantasies come true.
Upfront to everybody  Dale s hard exterior is a mask to hide his very fragile shattered interior.
He has developed a rampant imagination and fantasies.
He resorts to he is in.
Dale is longing and has developed very romantic feelings towards him.
Dale is shocked.
When Raj asks him to become his best man.
But there is more  and has only a few months to live.
It turns out she is terminally ill.
The other main character in the film is Sean.
Who is Dale s confidant and has an obvious crush.
Sean has to deal.
There is also Ricardo  and a partner.
Who is a Brazilian hunk escort and friend.
Pete is another character.
Who has to come through his involvement with Dale in a series of role-playing abusive relationship.
Secrets are revealed.
When a stranger  Richard starts frequenting a bar where Sean is performing and makes approaches to reveal deep family secrets.
Homophobia is there  a notable night-time cruising ground in London.
Viewers are kept guessing.
Whether this is actually Ricardo or some unknown character as Dale and Sean visit the site to put some flowers.
This is also the prelude.
Where Dale is being murdered.
He is fantasizing every detail.
And  all the grieving characters are present in the church to mourn Dale s loss.
Dale is commenting after his departure  while they are reminiscing on the impact Dale had on all their lives.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Later that day  the baby is taken out by her nurse.
The nurse refuses to aid a beggar woman  and is then distracted.
She pays no attention.
Talking. 
The beggar woman approaches and snatches the sleeping child.
The dog leaves the house and swims back.
The child s father is sitting  Rover enters and pleads with him to follow.
They leave.
They enter the room.
Where the child is hidden.
The father quickly takes the child and leaves with the dog.
The child is placed in the arms of the mother.
Rover prances happily.
<EOS>
A professional hitman is hired to kill a brain surgeon.
Who doubles.
But it turns out.
Not only are he.
The surgeon are old friends  but they are both with the same woman.
<EOS>
Rohit Kumar is an aspiring playback singer.
Kiran is an ambitious classical.
They meet  relate  fall in love and get married.
They decide to lead a separate life.
When Kiran s parents oppose their marriage.
However   Kiran s ambitions take a back seat.
She feels suppressed and her son s look after.
Time fails to abate Kiran s frustration.
She decides to leave Rohit and start a new life all over again.
Now a loner  Rohit is forced to look.
Rohit succeeds in creating a separate world for himself and his son  Sonu.
Meanwhile  Kiran becomes a huge film star.
She tries to reconcile.
Rohit is a proud man and misinterprets her support.
Luck would have it.
A court case is eventually filed.
Rohit faces a tough time preparing.
His financial position is not as sound.
He sells his best songs.
That he can fight the custody battle.
Kiran s lawyer Bhujbal uses every possible trick to show.
Rohit does not deserve the custody.
He even uses the information.
Rohit had told Kiran.
Rohit instructs his lawyer to fight the case honestly.
He does not wish to hurt Kiran and her reputation.
The court rules in favor of the mother and Kiran is given custody of the child.
Common friends of Rohit and Kiran try to explain to Kiran.
Rohit had changed and that he was now very much attached to his son.
Kiran also realises.
Their son would never find happiness only.
She tells Rohit.
She will not take Sonu away and that she wants him to stay.
Kiran seemingly moves to get out but then closes the door and smiles.
Rohit and Kiran hug each other and their son.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Victoria Vicky Page is a young  unknown dancer.
She meets Boris Lermontov  the ruthless but charismatic impresario of the Ballet Lermontov   Well  I do nt know  but  I must.
Who questions her  Lermontov  Why do you want to dance?Vicky  Why do you want.
Why. 
Vicky  That s my answer too.
Lermontov takes her.
Where she is taught.
And has been much discussed since.
A young woman sees a pair.
Are offered by the demonic shoemaker.
She puts them and begins to dance with her boyfriend.
They go.
Where she seemingly forgets as she dances with every man she comes across.
Her boyfriend is carried away.
Nothing is left on a piece of cellophane.
She tramples.
She attempts to return home.
The red shoes  controlled  keep her dancing.
She falls.
Where she dances.
She is then beset  including the shoemaker.
Who converge in a manner reminiscent of The Rite of Spring.
They abruptly disappear  leaving her alone.
No matter  the shoes refuse to stop dancing.
Where she flees.
She finds herself in front of a church.
Where a funeral is.
The priest offers to help her.
She motions to remove the shoes.
She dies.
He does so.
He carries her.
The shoemaker retrieves the shoes  to be offered.
The ballet was choreographed  both Helpmann and Massine were major stars of the ballet world.
Who plays the role.
The music  including for the ballet  is an original score by Brian Easdale.
Who conducted most  but not the Ballet of the Red Shoes  the ballet itself was conducted by Sir Thomas Beecham  who received prominent screen credit.
<EOS>
The film follows the theory.
Nefertiti was a princess  sent to marry Pharaoh Amenhotep III  then taken by Akhenaten as his wife.
The plot is based to find a means revive himself several millennia after his death.
<EOS>
Lawyer Erin Bruner defends a priest  Father Richard Moore.
Who is charged with an exorcism that lead to the death of Emily Rose.
The trial begins by the prosecutor  Ethan Thomas.
One expert testifies.
Emily was suffering.
The defense contests.
She may have actually been possessed  though Bruner is careful never to say that.
Indeed  Bruner explains.
Emily was suffering that neither medicine nor psychology could explain  and that Moore as well as her family realized this and tried to help in another way.
Several flashbacks show.
This began.
Emily s ordeal is shown.
Alone one night  at 300 AM  Emily notices.
A strange burning smell coming.
She sees the door open and shut several times.
When she checks.
She sees.
When she goes back.
A jar move by itself.
Additionally  her bedclothes roll themselves down.
A great weight seems to press down.
Also proceeds to choke her.
She wonders.
They are really happening or if they are just hallucinations.
She suffers more visions  is hospitalized  and diagnosed.
She is given anti-seizure medications.
She claims do not work.
Her visions continue.
Do her severe bodily contortions.
She leaves school and returns to live.
She and her parents become convinced.
She is neither epileptic nor mentally ill  but is possessed.
They ask to be called in to perform an exorcism.
The Church agrees.
The prosecution argues.
All this could be explained.
Bruner begins to experience strange occurrences in her apartment at 300 AM  including strange smells and sounds.
Moore warns her.
She may be targeted for possibly exposing them.
He explains.
300 AM is the devil s hour  which evil spirits use to mock the Holy Trinity.
Significantly  it is the opposite  traditionally taken to be the hour.
Which Jesus died.
Seeing  Bruner decides to try to show.
The prosecution is putting up a seemingly solid medical case.
Emily may have actually been possessed.
She calls  to testify about various cultures  beliefs about spiritual possession.
Adani quotes Carlos Castaneda s A Separate Reality  and suggests.
Means to understand the subject.
Emily was a hypersensitive.
Thomas objects  and dismisses the testimony.
Dr Cartwright  a medical doctor present  comes forward to reveal an audio recording made during the rite.
Moore is then called to testify.
The recording is played.
The film then flashes back.
It is performed night.
Moore believes it might be easier to draw out the demons.
Emily breaks her ties and jumps  running into a barn.
They follow her.
They are subjected to such phenomena as unnatural gusts of wind and demonic screams and voices.
The demon refuses to name itself after repeated demands from the presiding Father  but finally reveals.
That there are not one.
They go on to identify themselves  naming themselves one after another in dual voices from Emily.
They identify themselves.
Who possessed Cain  Nero  and Judas Iscariot  as well as the demons Legion  Belial.
Lucifer himself.
Each manifests himself.
Emily then finally utters And I am Lucifer  devil in the flesh.
Bruner calls Moore back the next day.
He reads a letter.
Emily wrote before she died.
Emily describes another vision.
She had the morning.
She walks out and experiences a Marian apparition.
Which she is told that although the demons will not leave her  she can leave her body and end her suffering.
However  the apparition goes on to say.
If Emily returns  she will help to prove to the world that God and the devil are real.
Emily chooses to return  concluding the letter  People say.
God is dead.
How can they think that if I show them the devil.
Thomas counters.
She could have incurred the wounds.
Father Moore is ultimately found guilty  however   the judge agrees to a sentence of time served.
Bruner is offered a partnership  but she refuses.
Instead  she resigns.
She goes.
Where he has put a quote on her grave.
<EOS>
The film opens to 13th century Bouzano  Portugal.
A peasant mob has captured the Templar knights and is preparing to burn them.
One swears revenge on the village.
The villagers burn.
The knights eyes out before burning them to death.
The film flashes ahead.
Where the village prepares.
The village idiot  Murdo  watches the preparations.
The children are run off.
Back  firework technician and former military captain  Jack Marlowe  meets the mayor  Duncan  his assistant  Dacosta  and his fiancee / secretary  Vivian.
It is revealed.
Jack and Vivian have personal history  establishing a tension.
Jack and Vivian take a walk.
Where she reveals that she purposely hired Jack to rekindle their romance.
Their walk takes them.
Where the Templars are buried.
Their romantic interlude is interrupted.
Who proceeds to warn them.
Murdo murders a young townswoman.
He has kidnapped.
Awakened  rise.
The festival is.
Jack convinces Vivian to leave with him.
Their interactions raise the ire.
Who are a keeping a close eye.
Back  the Templars ride down Murdo and head toward town.
They come across Moncha s house.
Where she is.
Juan is killed on an undead Templar horse.
She stops at the rail station.
Where she persuades Mr Prades  the rail master  by revealing her zombie horse.
She runs off.
Mr Prades tries to call the mayor.
The mayor dispatches Dacosta and his henchmen.
The phone rings.
The beating is finally interrupted.
When the call gets through.
The mayor is skeptical.
Believes the agent to be drunk.
He sends Dacosta.
The Templars arrive and kill Mr Prades.
Meanwhile  Jack and Vivian leave.
They encounter the traumatized Moncha and bring her back to town.
Dacosta and another  Beirao  encounter the knights.
They approach the train station.
They hurry back and warn the mayor of the oncoming horde.
They mayor calls the governor.
His pleas fall.
The governor assumes Duncan to be drunk and reprimands him.
The governor is the third person to ignore warnings  assuming the messenger to be drunk.
The knights descend turns into a massacre.
Jack organizes Decastro and some into a defense force.
Duncan scrambles to gather his valuables and then looks on.
Eventually Jack and Decastro clear an escape.
Jack  Vivian  Decastro  Monica and Duncan are all left behind.
They try to get away but are overwhelmed by zombies and escape into the church.
Where two  Beirao and Amalia  are holed up with their daughter.
Once  the group finds Murdo hiding out.
The survivors begin fortifying the church.
Before long  unity begins to erode.
Duncan persuades Beirao to make a break for the car.
He is killed.
Meanwhile  Murdo persuades Moncha to come into the tunnels beneath the church to escape.
Duncan tries to escape using Beirao and Amalia s young daughter as bait.
He is killed.
The child is left.
Jack and Amalia manage to save her.
Murdo is decapitated by the knights.
He climbs out.
Moncha is subsequently pulled through the opening and killed.
Back  Dacosta catches Vivian alone.
Resigned  he attempts to rape her.
The Templars kill him.
Jack rescues Vivian.
Dacosta is impaled.
Jack and Vivian decide.
The night wears on.
They convince Amalia s daughter and then blindfold her.
The zombies and her mother s death were both part.
They attempt to silently creep.
The little girl peeks out and screams.
They slip.
She sees the zombies surrounding them.
However  the Templars make no move  and then crumple.
Jack  Vivian and the child walk away.
<EOS>
Om-Dar-Ba-Dar is a portrait.
The film tells the story.
The story starts and ends like a thriller.
Om has a rather strange family.
His father Babuji  a government employee  leaves his job  Om s older sister Gayatri is dating a.
That he can dedicate himself to astrology.
Om is involved  but is also attracted to magic and religion.
Above all it seems.
If his really outstanding skill is his ability to hold his breath.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Who marries a young woman.
His father had dotingly wanted him to marry the daughter.
She   has lived this dream.
But the path is seldom smooth.
True love triumphs over all are made in heaven.
Matches. 
<EOS>
A fearsome warrior arrives in America to assassinate a high school girl.
The girl does not know it.
She is the last living heir.
A noble guard arrives to protect the young princess.
<EOS>
The story takes place.
King Louis XI  hoping to enlist the French peasants  appoints Francois Villon king of France for one day.
Francois Villon is sentenced to hang by King Louis XI for writing derogatory verses about him  Jeanette MacDonald is Katherine  the high-born girl.
Whom Villon pines for  while Huguette  a tavern wench gives up her life to save her beloved poet.
<EOS>
Carl Banks is a dangerous counterfeiter and escapes.
Meanwhile Timmy Taylor has a current project.
Empty. 
He shows up.
Handed he s going  simply because of his participation in class  and that his teacher and Principal Ott hate him.
Carl Banks tries to print some more money and finds.
One plates but ca nt print any money when his crooked ex-boss and his cops  who are counterfeiters as well  catch him at his base.
He runs and ends up in his treehouse.
Timmy and his two best friends keep him hostage.
That Timmy can take him to ace Current Events.
However  keeping a major criminal hostage is more.
They expected  due that Carl delivers.
Timmy & his friends help get revenge.
Timmy figures out that Carl is.
Who treated Carl badly.
The kids and Carl lay a trap and Carl and the two goons.
Who are dirty cops are captured.
The evil principal gets.
It proves Carl s innocence.
Carl is offered witness protection.
He cooperates.
He does.
Does nt believe his story and arrest the principal for being the counterfeit gang s leader.
The police show up.
Timmy also gets a reward check.
His dog buries later that night.
IDMB Record.
<EOS>
Paul Tannek is a fish out of water kid from the upstate New York.
Who arrives.
Attending college at NYU  Paul runs into repeated complications and mishaps  usually brought on by his roommates  three spoiled  obnoxious party animals.
He settles.
When Paul is branded a loser and kicked out.
Afterwards  almost  he meets and falls in love with Dora Diamond  a fellow student.
Who is dating their unscrupulous literature professor  Edward Alcott.
<EOS>
This is the story.
Eleuterio embarks.
Nothing and no-one can stop him.
The reunion with his family is just the beginning of.
What will become an endless escape.
<EOS>
A couple are traveling along the desert and accidentally trespass on the property of Magda Urtado.
Who is the director.
Magda keeps Olga.
Michael is free to go.
Later he plans an escape for Olga.
She goes to work.
The plot just goes out in all different directions.
There are a couple subplots  one  and one.
Which a few are sent out to be hookers.
Where a worker participates.
Where the Governor is having trouble getting it so he buys a couple of the workers to help him perform.
There is also a scene.
Where the Governor is finally able to have sex  but only while watching one of the females be raped by a dog.
Director Jess Franco also stars.
<EOS>
Edgar Marsh  a shy librarian obsessed  becomes infatuated with his neighbor Betty Clare.
When he sees her undressing.
He invites her.
He showers her about their future.
She clearly is uncomfortable.
Complications arise.
When he introduces her.
Edgar bludgeons Carl with a poker and buries him beneath the floorboards in his piano room.
Order to eliminate the competition.
His overwhelming guilt leads him to believe a ticking metronome.
The incessant dripping actually are the sound of his victim s heart still beating.
<EOS>
The Times Square Freak Twins Duane and Belial Bradley join Doctor Granny Ruth and her family through the Deep South.
Belial is going to become a proud monster father.
However  a pair kidnap Belial s babies.
Granny Ruth and the family strike back.
Belial single-handedly decimates the local police station.
Customaniacs  Basket Case 3 DVD Cover.
<EOS>
The citizens are being terrorized by an extraordinary killer.
The victims pick up a ringing phone and are told.
Long they have to live.
Invariably  they all die at the exact specified moment.
A reporter begins to investigate the phenomenon.
They seem.
The more he investigates the deaths the more mysterious.
He becomes personally involved and obsessed.
He delves.
Before long  he finds his family.
Finally himself targets.
The film ends.
The nature of who or is not resolved.
What caused the deaths.
The audience is left to decide.
<EOS>
Sundar moves.
Consists as Aishwarya.
Sundar is very close.
She lusts without his awareness.
Sundar reveres Arundathi.
Sundar drops his niece.
He meets his girlfriend Anandi there.
He is very excited.
When his brother gets to know.
Unfortunately  his brother commits suicide soon afterward.
Arundathi claims.
His work problems caused his suicide.
Sundar is tied down taking care.
Arundathi and Aishwarya have nowhere to go.
Arundathi keeps Anandi by doing everything possible from her side.
She tries her best to break Sundar s relationship while subtly hinting to Sundar about her love for him.
Anandi warns Sundar.
Nothing comes out.
She causes them to break up.
<EOS>
Faten Hamama plays Fayza  a young student.
Who lives after the death of her father.
Left  her mother is forced to turn her house into an illegal gambling house.
Fayza opposes her mother s solution.
Munir is a writer.
Who meets Fayza and falls with her.
She rejects him.
Fayza decides to leave.
Where she works.
Fayza gets.
Munir convinces Fayza to stop.
<EOS>
Robi is a young Israeli.
Who lives his grandparents and works.
He dreams.
Of which seem increasingly difficult.
His film career stalls.
He can get financial backing.
His love life seems to be.
Robi struggles to find an organized gay community and a committed relationship.
The urban city has places.
His grandparents tolerate his homosexuality  perfering to ignore the men and avoid asking.
He brings home.
He regularly visit the park.
Yet  they view his sexual orientation.
His grandmother yells  and asks.
When upset.
When he is going to find a nice woman  marry and start a family.
His ex-girlfriend would love to get back together.
Robi has fallen with a man named Han.
Who caved and married a woman.
<EOS>
The Cool and the Crazy tells the story.
Who is transferred.
There  Ben s clowning ticks off the local gang of tough guys  but he soon wins all of their admiration.
Then finally turning them.
Ben is working.
The local police detective is hot.
The police question.
When a marijuna-crazed addict teenager whom Ben has sold the drug  dies trying to hold up a filling station for drug money.
Him and events begin to spiral out.
Ben ends up killing the pusher for more marijuana only to find  and gets his just deserts in a fiery car wreck.
There is none.
Then there is an obligatory moralizing segment   Is this.
Where a policeman screams.
What you call ` kicks .
<EOS>
Sapna has been brought up.
Uncle no.
1 is a Hindu religious fanatic.
No.
2 is a former wrestler.
Who is very  and makes Sapna do intense workout routines daily.
Uncle no.
3 is.
The uncles all wish.
Her to marry.
Their differences clash  want the boy to have the same interests as them.
Sapna is tired  and wishes to take a group trip to Europe.
However   her uncles fire the nanny.
When she expresses her wishes.
However  Mary works  and tells them of Sapna s plight.
She shares Sapna s photo.
He is pleased and is determined to make her his bride.
Meanwhile  Sapna looks and tries to run away  but Uncle no.
3 catches her and volunteers to take her.
Raja creates nothing but trouble for her  but circumstances separate them from the rest of the tour group.
Raja saves Sapna s life.
They fall  and wish to marry.
They return.
Raja must first impress all three.
Raja wins their hearts.
He and Sapna happily marry.
<EOS>
Three witnesses swear.
They saw Joe Reynolds murder grumpy baker Kenny.
Joe claims -- the baker hit his head -- but the eyewitness testimony prevails.
Kenny s fatal head wound was the result as they argued.
He fell.
Joe is sent.
His buddy Sam Lord has an uphill struggle to prove his innocence.
<EOS>
Diabolik starts off.
Was. 
Diabolik winches the money car away and escapes in a speed boat  then in his car  closely followed by a helicopter shooting at him.
Diabolik changes cars goes off the edge of a cliff.
He drives off.
When the helicopter leaves.
They shower.
The couple do some smooching.
The Minister holds.
A sombre press conference which is disrupted by all thanks to some exhilarating gas Diabolik has released there.
The death penalty is brought back in.
The police can not find Diabolik  Valmont suffers at their hands because of a clampdown due to Diabolik s actions.
A club is raided.
Valmont has had enough and berates his men.
Who have failed him.
Realising things can only get worse.
Valmont contacts Ginko and makes a bargain  to catch Diabolik alive for the police.
Valmont tells his men of his plan and all.
Who disagree with him are killed.
Back  Diabolik decides to steal the famous Aksand emerald necklace for Eva s birthday from the Saint Just Castle.
Meanwhile Valmont builds up an identikit picture and circulates it as a means of capturing Diabolik.
Diabolik changes his normal black skin tight costume.
He can climb the white tower wall unnoticed.
The police are waiting  knowing.
He will go.
He gets it.
They go  shooting at a figure catapulted off of the roof  believing it to be him escaping.
It is a dummy.
A police car chasing  trying to avoid an oncoming car has set up.
Him goes off a cliff and explodes.
Later  Eva is spotted.
It is dry weather.
It is raining and has been.
When a man looks in his rear view mirror.
Valmont is informed.
Eva is traced and captured.
She is used to lure Diabolik  along with the ten million dollars he has stolen.
The eleven emeralds.
Diabolik is made to jump  but takes Valmont.
Where the police are waiting below.
The plane blows up.
He rescues Eva in.
He makes her escape  kills Valmont and trapped  takes a golden capsule.
The police find him dead.
He is about to be autopsied.
While the police are holding a conference.
When he returns.
It is thanks  he becomes dead for real.
He has learned but if he does not get the antidote within 12 hours.
The nurse  Eva  wheels Diabolik past the crowds and then Diabolik goes.
Where Valmont s body has been cremated and collects the 11 emeralds he fired  from his ashes.
He escapes just ahead.
Who has just realised what the 11 bullet wounds meant.
A million dollar reward is offered.
Who goes by blowing up all the tax offices and destroying all their records.
The country is.
Decides to sell off some gold to buy hard currency.
The 20 tons is melted into one solid block to make it impossible to steal  put into a steel casket and loaded on a train.
Diabolik and Eva reroute the train.
It has to take a bridge.
There is an explosion.
The train and gold falls.
Where Diabolik and Eva inflate balloons underwater and tow it away.
However  they did not know.
They close in.
Who is wearing a heat proof suit as he is melting the gold.
Shot  Diabolik is unable to control the heating of the gold.
It runs out.
There is an explosion and Diabolik.
The cavern are covered.
Again  Diabolik is believed to be dead.
The police seal off the place to recover it later.
Eva is allowed to pay her respects.
Who when Ginko is not looking winks.
Eva leaves.
The cavern lights are turned off  then is the laughter  with him apparently having a way to escape to strike again.
Is heard.
<EOS>
Leo is a journalist covering events.
Which he lives.
He is.
Are paid work experiences.
ngela shares an apartment and has a child of six years.
Is pretty much created.
Depressed  she gets much at night and goes in search of fun.
Night Leo decides to spend and  incidentally  is Angela.
What little money they have.
She introduces him.
Who dresses but has mannerisms of a woman.
Soon become friends and decide to drink  yet having the company  a taxi driver need a psychiatrist.
Who believes you.
Gradually arises a strong emotional bond  increased even more.
When they decide to apply a coup.
<EOS>
Set  ` Thangam  portrays two families headed by Rajendranath and Mahadevan respectively.
Thangam is the son.
Aaruchami is the son.
Kaalai is the uncle.
Thangam and his sister Bhagyalakshmi share a special attachment.
The sister finds a suitable girl.
Who tries hard to arrange her marriage.
The two families turn foes.
Who is corrupt.
The MLA wants to get rid.
Who commands respect.
He gets close.
Who is jealous.
The story has many twists and turns.
Aaruchami  a compulsive womanizer  woo Thangam s sister and makes her pregnant.
Thangam   makes Aaruchami marry him.
Who is mad.
Aaruchami commits a murder.
Thangam accepts the responsibility and go to save Aaruchami  to make the marriage of his sister possible.
Later  the relationship is affected further with Mahadevan revolts against Rajendranath to make his son Aaruchami as MLA.
He commits a murder and gets punished.
The battle gets worsened.
Rajendranath and Bhagyalakshmi are killed.
The rest narrates.
Thangam avenges.
<EOS>
Will Mossop is a gifted but unappreciated bootmaker employed in his moderately upscale shop in 1880s Salford.
Hard-drinking widower Hobson has three daughters.
Maggie and her younger sisters Alice and Vicky have worked without wages and are eager to be married and free of the shop.
Alice has been seeing Albert Prosser  a young up-and-coming solicitor.
Vicky prefers Freddy Beenstock  the son.
Hobson does not object.
Maggie is far too useful with.
He mocks Maggie as a spinster a bit on the ripe side at 30 years of age.
Her pride injured  Maggie bullies the browbeaten  unambitious Willie.
Maggie announces.
When Hobson objects as husband and refuses to start paying her.
She and Willie will set up.
They turn to a satisfied customer for a loan.
They are married  and  between Maggie s business sense and Willie s shoemaking genius  the enterprise is successful.
They have not only paid off their business loan  but have also taken away nearly all of Hobson s clientele.
The formerly illiterate Willie has become an educated  self-confident man of business.
He and Maggie have fallen.
Dr MacFarlane sends to care for the ailing  bedridden man.
When Hobson s drinking finally catches up.
Mossop offers to go into partnership with Hobson  on condition.
Hobson take no further part.
Hobson reluctantly agrees.
<EOS>
B.
N.
Reddi is one.
He is also the director.
The plot is an adaptation.
Plot lines are removed.
Instead   after the king s murder by his prime minister  the queen and the prince form a team.
Prince feigns madness.
The conclusion was changed.
<EOS>
A James Bond-type burglar King Kong and his friend Albert Baldy Au  a bald police detective join forces to try to track down a rare set.
It ends up.
The two unlikely duo are supervised.
Nancy Ho  a masculine  fiery-tempered policewoman.
They are chased throughout the film in crazy chase sequences involving a number of car and motorbike stunts.
<EOS>
60 years ago  a doll maker falls during the Japanese occupation in a countryside in Korea.
She falls in love with him as well.
Later   the blame is put.
When the red kimono woman is found murdered.
He was eventually arrested and killed.
The doll  not content to be  sits by his grave for all eternity.
Who is looking.
Who claims she can talk.
They are greeted.
Who also introduces them.
However   the doll kills the guests one.
When Yeong-ha s doll has its head separated.
Im later admits  Im also reveals.
She is using the red kimono doll to kill the descendants.
The guests whom she invited are the descendants.
The clues point to a mysterious  young woman named Mi-na  the soul of the doll Hae-Mi once owned as a child.
Being the only victim left  Hae-mi tries to avoid the attempted assassination.
Im  however  destroys Mi-na s soul and tries to kill.
Successfully  Hae-mi kills her.
The Im s husband tells her.
When Im and the museum s curator were killed.
They should nt have brought the red kimono doll.
All the corpses are being burned down in a fire  Hae-mi questions herself.
Whether it is the dolls  or the humans  fault as she throws Mi-na s head.
A young Hae-mi then throws.
<EOS>
Novelist Michael Peterson called to report and died.
His wife Kathleen had fallen down a set.
The authorities disbelieved Peterson s story.
Kathleen had fallen while drunk and concluded instead that Peterson had bludgeoned her with a fireplace poker which was discovered missing from the house.
Peterson was soon charged the ensuing case from the point of view of Peterson and his defense team.
It is discovered that while Peterson was living.
Resulted. 
An investigation concluded.
Peterson ended up adopting the woman s two daughters.
The prosecution introduced this death as an incident giving Peterson the idea of.
To fake Kathleen s accident.
<EOS>
One street  two continents  three months  12 countries and 13000 kilometers.
The adventure begins and documents a trip through Central and South America to Buenos Aires.
The film PanAmericana tells stories on and around the Pan-American Highway.
It illustrates unique natural beauty  contrasts  the importance of money as well as the tireless life s longest consecutive road network in the world  from northern Alaska to southern Chile.
The film was shot.
The idea was at the Fifth International Conference of American States in.
To consolidate peace  the convention finally got signed on 23 December 1936 at the Inter-American Conference in Buenos Aires.
<EOS>
Garv is a story  Samar Singh  Arjun Ranawat and Hyder Ali Khan.
Samar Singh wants the state to be crime free.
They ca nt are connected with underworld don Zafar Supari.
The politicians decide to transfer Samar Singh.
Hyder Ali gets the bad name and is killed.
The underworld and politician next target Arjun and Arjun s mother and sister.
Arjun   kills all the people and surrenders himself and wants to be given capital punishment.
<EOS>
Sir Topham Hatt  normally  is on holiday and has left Mr Conductor in charge.
Meanwhile  Thomas and Gordon encounter an evil diesel locomotive  Diesel 10  stating.
He has unfinished business.
He is planning to get rid on Sodor once and for all.
Mr Conductor has problems.
The mysterious gold dust is running out.
Allows him to magically transport to place.
There will be no way for anyone to travel from Shining Time to Sodor or back again.
There is a lost engine.
Is able to travel using the Magic Railroad.
Nobody knows.
Where she is.
Burnett Stone  an elderly man  lives.
Which Stacy Jones was the manager.
Unknown  he is the guardian of the lost engine.
Whose name is Lady.
The engine crashed with Diesel.
Ever Burnett has been trying to repair Lady.
He has been unable to make her steam.
Though he seems to have gotten the little engine restored mechanically  so far.
Percy and Thomas find out.
There is a secret railway.
There are magic buffers.
Lead. 
However  Diesel 10 overhears them.
Toby the Tram Engine follows D-10 and hears him telling his diesel locomotive henchmen Splatter and Dodge.
Diesel 10 thinks.
This horrid act seems possible mainly because Mr Conductor s whistle contains gold dust is running out.
He is therefore becoming too weak to stop Diesel.
Wanting to warn his friends  Toby rings his bell  distracting them.
Burnett s granddaughter Lily visits him  and meets C.
Junior  Mr Conductor s good-natured but lazy cousin.
Who takes her and introduces her to the talking engines who live there  including Thomas.
Later  Thomas is assigned to transport Lily back on Muffle Mountain.
Inadvertently discovered the entrance by an old grotto.
He takes his lost truck and arrives on the other end of the Magic Railway  located at the edge of a high cliff near the top of Muffle Mountain.
Lily goes  leaving Thomas stranded on the mountain.
However  the ground gives way and Thomas uncouples himself.
Where he re-enters the Magic Railroad there.
Lily reunites at his workshop.
Where he shows her Lady and explains his problem getting the engine.
Using the Sodor coal truck  the engine eventually comes.
Lily and Burnett take Lady  regenerating itself in the process.
Lady comments.
Burnett had never forgotten.
They reunite and find their way back to Sodor.
Where Diesel 10 finds them and goes.
It begins to collapse.
When Thomas and Lady cross the Viaduct.
Lady makes it across.
Thomas gets.
Diesel 10 crosses.
2 big sections fall off.
The suspended pieces ca nt hold him.
He falls off.
That sends him falling below  and is carried away.
Where he lands.
Thomas  Lady  Burnett and Lily meet Mr Conductor and.
They use the water and shavings from the rails of the Magic Railroad to make more gold dust.
The Island are saved.
C-Junior  encouraged in being able to help out  offers to take a job on Sodor.
Mr Conductor presents him.
That C-Junior can now take over Mr Conductor s role  while Mr Conductor says that he will now travel back to serve at Shining Time Station.
Thomas is happily going home to Tidmouth Sheds to tell the engines about his encounter with the lost engine Lady.
<EOS>
A gang of high school delinquents rove through an amusement park.
One group member  Jiro Sugita  harasses one.
Invokes an extended verbal rebuke.
Jiro leaves the group and returns home.
Where he lives.
She is the mistress.
Of whom Jiro is constantly with.
Jiro gets  tears violently through the house and steals some money.
Another girl has a crush on Jiro.
The two start a physical relationship.
Jiro is decidedly cooler.
Nanbara lectures Jiro about his disreputable lifestyle and relationship but is met with mockery.
The following day  Nanbara and Misayo  as well as Jiro and his friends  go.
Jiro convinces one friend  Etsuko  to seduce Nanbara.
Toshimi then leads Misayo.
Where Nanbara and Etsuko are having their tryst.
Jiro observes his mother s distress and is wracked.
He and Toshimi steal a convertible and speed away.
Nanbara catches up  nearly killing him.
The two continue their frantic flight only to collide  dying soon afterward.
A crowd has gathered.
When Misayo arrives.
An observer mutters  Everything went wrong.
<EOS>
The film begins with gypsies camping on the grounds.
Violet Stonor screams in her bedroom and then collapses in the hallway.
She is discovered.
Violet s dying words are the band  speckled.
She then dies.
Their stepfather Dr Grimesby Rylott arrives.
Soon there is an inquest  and Rylott plots with the housekeeper and his Indian servant Ali.
Watson attends the inquest.
He acts protectively and advises her to consult Holmes.
She ever feels.
Watson summarizes the inquest to Holmes  describing the various witnesses and evidence.
Holmes files it away.
One year later  Helen Stoner is engaged.
Her fiance must leave for a year.
Helen is afraid and suggests.
They marry sooner  so that she may go to Rangoon.
Dr Rylott is upset  and decides to murder her to prevent the loss of her inheritance.
Rylott forces Helen to move into Violet s old room.
The next day  Helen meets in Baker Street and describes her case.
Her sister Violet had been engaged to be married.
She died.
Helen remembers hearing mysterious music that night.
Now Helen is engaged and is also hearing the mysterious music again.
Holmes questions her and sends her out through a separate entrance.
When her stepfather arrives.
Dr Rylott barges in and threatens Holmes.
He is not deterred.
Dr Watson arrives alone to visit Helen Stoner.
Her stepfather is not home.
Holmes is as a workman dealing with the repairs to the building.
Together they investigate Dr Roylott s room and discover several clues.
Then they investigate Violet s room.
Has a bell-rope that does nt ring  and a ventilator.
The ventilator opens but is hidden by a painting.
Holmes and Watson temporarily leave Helen but will sneak into the room later to investigate.
When Rylott returns.
That night  Helen spends the night.
Holmes and Watson secretly keep watch.
A snake enters the room through the ventilator.
Holmes attacks it  sending it back.
Rylott screams.
Holmes  Watson  and Helen enter his room and discover Rylott dead.
Holmes forces Ali the servant to charm the snake.
They can put it.
Violet s last words were in fact describing a swamp adder  the deadliest snake in India.
The venomous snake had been sent by Dr Rylott to murder her for her inheritance.
Rylott intended to do the same.
The movie ends.
Watson arrives dressed.
Holmes concludes.
He is going.
Watson is pleased to tell Holmes.
He is wrong.
Watson has just come.
Holmes offers his condolences rather than congratulations.
Watson says.
We all come.
Holmes disagrees quietly  Not all  my dear Watson  not all.
A few names are different  for instance  Violet was Julia in the story  Stonor was spelled Stoner.
Rylott was Roylott.
This movie blends the original short story.
Added characters.
Holmes investigates the case dressed.
Whereas he and Watson claimed to be architects working on the building.
<EOS>
The story is centered.
Where the parents decide that both will be married when they become adults.
Sujatha s uncle gives her anklets.
She wears as she grows up.
Raghu is caught smuggling money.
They grow older.
Raghu beats up a kid for talking to Sujatha.
They quarrel.
Soon Raghu s family leaves.
Sujatha grows to be an attractive college girl.
The villain Raghu becomes a good-for-nothing character.
Sujatha meets up with Venkat  a poor but handsome  charming enthusiastic boy.
Soon they fall in love.
Meanwhile  Raghu s parents  hoping  decide to carry out his marriage.
He will become a responsible person.
The whole story takes a turn.
When Sujatha s parents learn with Venkat.
Sujatha elopes with Venkat and the action hots up.
They are chased.
Finally  the villain Raghu is defeated by Venkat.
Venkat marries Sujatha.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Where young football know-it-all Dudu Kayenzi is teaching a group how to make a football.
Teenager Fabrice longs to pursue his ambition and is seen breaking the local record for the most continuous football.
He sets off with his ` manager  Dudu and Dudu s sister Beatrice.
When Fabrice is offered the chance to audition.
Beatrice wishes to become a doctor and find a cure in memory of Dudu.
Fabrice tries to express his love to his mother.
She simply replies  it needs to wake up.
Africa doese nt need dreams.
Fabrice plucks up the courage to sneak out and masquerade as a woman s child with Dudu and Beatrice the following day.
Order to get.
However  they take the wrong bus.
A man states.
When they look.
They are and that the stadium is 1000 miles away in Kinshasa.
Ending up  they meet George Foreman  an ex-child soldier.
Who agrees to help them escape the camp.
Dudu decides.
The group will walk the rest to South Africa so that Fabrice can play for the Dream Team at the World Cup opening ceremony.
They leave.
George s fellow soldiers catch up.
They flee the jeep.
Before it explodes.
They end up.
Beatrice assumes is a hotel.
She and her brother are used to.
Dudu discovers.
George has a bag.
They find a leopard-like black animal make off for the shores of Lake Tanganyika.
Where they hire a boat to get on the other side.
Fabrice s mother texts and calls him.
He finally has enough and throws the phone.
Eventually they arrive.
Where Celeste  a sex slave  is working by selling beverages.
She catches the four children and insists they go back.
George flashes his bag for bribery and so the owner lets them stay and play in the pool and be waited on.
Fabrice has time to play.
The owner steals his bag and throws them out of the villa  however  they soon retrieve the bag and the money.
George falls asleep.
Celeste joins them.
Using Dudu s business-like tactical skills  they end up.
Where they will continue the journey.
Celeste reveals.
She ran away to avoid an arranged marriage.
Fabrice sees George throw away his gun.
He used to shoot his fellow soldiers earlier on.
The team runs out  so Dudu insists.
They can earn some.
Everyone passes the blood test.
Who is HIV-positive  although he does not reveal this.
Dudu exchanges the Zambian kwacha for Zimbabwean dollars.
Celeste explains.
The currency is defunct and that he has been scammed.
He tries to collect the money.
It spills.
The Zambezi river carries it.
Dudu develops a cough.
He is rushed to a local hospital.
There is a school attached  and a school teacher Leleti Khumalo notices Beatrice s intelligence and offers her a place at the school to study for free.
The doctor soon explains.
Although the medical team have been able to stabilise Dudu s tuberculosis  he has a low CD4 T-cell count and needs medication that is out and wo nt be available for another three days.
However  Dudu decides to persevere.
To continues towards the stadium  Beatrice decides to stay behind at the school to have an education and so try to fulfil her dream of becoming a doctor.
The team arrive on the Zimbabwe-South Africa border  but refugeees.
Where an official insists that they are nothing.
The security guards take Dudu s ball but again the team works together to retrieve it and continue for the Cup.
Dudu falls ill again and is rushed at the stadium.
Where he completes his fictional story.
The team carry the ball off into the now roaring crowd.
Dudu is seen walking off into a light at the end of the Soccer city stadium tunnel  carrying his briefcase & custom-made ball suggesting.
He has died.
<EOS>
Jill Banford and Ellen March struggle to support themselves.
Dependent Jill tends.
The self-sufficient Ellen deals.
Jill seems content.
The frustrated Ellen is less enchanted.
Merchant seaman Paul Grenfel arrives in search of his grandfather  the now-deceased former owner of the farm.
He persuades the women to allow him to stay in exchange for helping with the work.
Nowhere else to go while.
Tension slowly escalates.
When his attentions arouse Jill s resentment and jealousy.
Eventually Paul tracks and kills the fox.
He makes love to Ellen and asks her to leave with him.
She confesses.
She would feel guilty.
The women resume their regular routine.
Paul returns unexpectedly.
The two are chopping down a dying oak.
He offers to complete the job and warns Jill to move away.
It falls.
She refuses to listen and is killed.
When it crashes.
Ellen sells the farm.
She and Paul set off to start a new life together.
<EOS>
The events are related through the eyes of the women  the mothers  wives  and daughters of the victims executed on Stalin s orders by the NKVD in.
Andrzej is a young Polish captain.
Who keeps a detailed diary.
He is taken prisoner by the Soviet Army.
Separates the officers  while the officers are held.
His wife Anna and daughter Weronika  nicknamed Nika  find him shortly.
He is deported.
Presented  he refuses on the basis of his oath of loyalty to the Polish military.
Helped  Anna manages to return to the family s home in Cracow with her daughter.
There  the Germans carry out Sonderaktion Krakau  shutting down Jagiellonian University and deporting professors.
Andrzej s father is one  later  his wife gets a message.
He died in.
Andrzej is detained for a while and continues to keep a diary.
He carefully records the names.
Who are removed.
Which they are taken.
Andrzej is clearly suffering in the low temperature.
His colleague Jerzy lends him an extra sweater.
The sweater has Jerzy s name written.
It happens.
Finally  Andrzej s is taken.
Jerzy is left behind.
The population of Cracow is informed by the occupying power about the Katyn massacre.
Capitalizing  the Nazi propaganda publishes lists with the names of the victims exhumed in mass graves behind the advancing German troops.
Andrzej s name is not  giving his wife and daughter hope.
Jerzy   has enlisted in the Peoples  Army of Poland.
Who has survived.
Is. 
He feels personal loyalty  loves his country  and has sympathy for those.
Who have suffered.
He visits Anna and her daughter to tell them.
Andrzej is dead.
Apparently   Andrzej was misidentified on the basis of the name in the sweater  it was Andrzej  not Jerzy.
When the list was compiled.
Jerzy had lent.
Who was killed.
Despondent  Jerzy commits suicide.
He is now forced to acknowledge a lie and to serve those who killed his comrades.
Evidence is carefully concealed by the authorities.
However  a few daring people working eventually deliver Andrzej s diary to his widow Anna.
The diary clearly shows the date.
When he must have been killed.
The date is crucial for assigning responsibility   the USSR controlled the territory.
It happened.
The Germans took control over it.
The film ends.
Several are executed along with other soldiers.
The film includes excerpts.
Excerpts presenting the massacre as a German crime.
Some documentary footage is shown as well.
<EOS>
Loot revolves.
Who work.
The four rogues are sent to rob a house filled with priceless valuables.
However  the quartet soon discover.
The house they have been sent belongs to a dreaded don named Lalla Bhatti  an unpleasant sod who does nt think twice about breaking his own brother s arm for an unpaid debt.
An underworld patriarch Khan and an East Asian thug named Asif trying to trace his stolen car.
Robbing a don s residence was not enough  the quarter also manage to get Intelligence agent VP Singh keeping tabs on the don.
Pretty soon  all the characters are pulled in a cat and mouse game with each other  with some audio tapes containing some damning conversations being the prize of the game.
The quartet  with some help by a local hustler Varinder and his moll Sharmili manage to set off the bad guys against each other.
But soon enough  it is revealed  and wanted to set the quartet up to get revenge.
Batliwala was.
Who is now.
The quartet manage to save themselves and hire Khan.
<EOS>
Team America exists to stop terrorists.
Consists of  Lisa  a psychologist  Carson  Lisa s love interest  Sarah  an alleged psychic  Joe  an all-American jock  and Chris  a technological and martial arts expert.
Who is.
Who harbors a mistrust.
The team is led.
I.
N.
T.
E.
L.
L.
I.
G.
E.
N.
C.
E.
Is their highly-advanced supercomputer.
The story opens.
Where the team interrupts a group.
The Team destroys the Eiffel Tower and the Louvre  saving the day but ironically causing more damage.
If they had not been present.
Carson then proposes.
The moment is cut short.
When a dying terrorist kills Carson.
Spottswoode recruits Gary Johnston  a Broadway actor   and.
Who was starring.
Who has college majors.
Gary will use his acting talents to infiltrate terrorist organizations.
Unbeknownst  North Korean dictator Kim Jong-il is supplying international terrorists with weapons of mass destruction  planning a mysterious worldwide attack.
I.
N.
T.
E.
L.
L.
I.
G.
E.
N.
C.
E.
Is informed.
Gary manages to successfully infiltrate the terrorist group due.
Is shown to be a caricature that consists mainly of the words Derka  Muhammad and Jihad.
Both Lisa and Sarah become romantically attracted to him.
Chris  however  hates Gary.
He is an actor.
Gary is sent despite having a poor disguise.
The team attempts to capture the terrorists.
Their actions again leave most.
Team America successfully foils the plan.
The group is criticized.
The group includes Gary s favorite actor  Alec Baldwin.
His heavy criticism is discouraging.
Meanwhile  the United Nations assign Hans Blix to inspect Kim Jong-il s lair.
Blix is killed.
Gary expresses his guilt  remembering a time.
Team America relaxes.
Where his acting talent caused his brother to be killed.
Their relationship  a group of terrorists blow up the Panama Canal.
The Film Actors Guild blames Team America  believing.
They are responsible  as the terrorists claim this is retaliation.
Gary  realizing  abandons the team  causing conflict.
His acting talents have once again resulted.
Believing the terrorists to be operating  the original members depart  only to be attacked and captured by terrorists and the North Koreans  respectively.
Meanwhile  Michael Moore infiltrates the team s base and suicide bombs the area.
Kim Jong-il  upset  expresses his frustration and despair by singing.
I m So Ronery.
Meanwhile  Gary slips further.
Kim Jong-il plans to host an elaborate peace ceremony  inviting not only the Film Actors Guild  but also the world s political leaders.
Alec Baldwin is chosen.
A series of bombs will be detonated throughout the world  reducing every nation to a Third World country.
Gary returns in Mount Rushmore and finds only ruins  although Spottswoode and I.
N.
T.
E.
L.
L.
I.
G.
E.
N.
C.
E.
Have survived.
Gary is sent to North Korea.
Gary manages to free the team.
They are confronted.
Involves panthers being released  and leaving most of the Guild brutally slain  with Alec Baldwin remaining alive as the host of the ceremony.
Chris confesses to Gary.
His mistrust is due to the fact that he was raped by the cast of Cats at the age of nineteen.
The team then confronts Kim.
Gary convinces the world s leaders to unite.
Initially unsuccessful.
When he recites the drifter s emotional speech that he heard.
Kim Jong-il then kills Alec  but is defeated by Lisa and impaled on a Pickelhaube.
Kim s bombs are disarmed.
He is revealed to be a cockroach.
He flees  departing  but promises to return.
The team reunites  preparing to combat the remainder.
When Gary and Lisa begin a relationship.
<EOS>
Shokichi Amamiya is a difficult 69-year-old man  married.
He dies suddenly.
It falls to organize the funeral at their house.
The family have to choose a coffin  hire a priest  hold a wake  learn formal funeral etiquette and hold the service itself.
Various tensions within the family are hinted at  such as resentment of a rich but stingy uncle  Inoue s affair with a younger woman  and possibly an affair the dead man.
Himself had.
The long suffering wife delivers a dignified speech to the family regretting.
The hospital would not let her be as he died.
<EOS>
Divakaran  son is well accepted in his village.
He takes part and becomes an MLA under the panel of Communist party.
MLA Divakaran was poignant.
He expressed it and firmly opposed the move involving students.
This provoked the party leaders and become the filth.
He started fighting.
Soon he become alone.
<EOS>
Convicts Robert Butch Haynes and Terry Pugh escape from the state penitentiary in Huntsville.
Fleeing  the pair stumble.
Where eight-year old Phillip Perry lives s Witness mother and two sisters.
Needing a hostage to aid their escape  Butch grabs the boy.
Who meekly accompanies them.
The trio s journey starts off  following the latter s attempt to molest the child.
The convict and his young victim take to the Texas highway in a bid to flee from the pursuing police.
Meanwhile  Texas Ranger Red Garnett  riding  is in pursuit.
Red is determined to recover the criminal and the hostage.
They cross the Texas border.
Phillip  eight years old  has never participated.
Escaping  however  he experiences a freedom.
He finds exhilarating  as Butch gladly allows him the kind the Friendly Ghost costume.
Gradually  Phillip becomes increasingly aware  and with constant encouragement from Butch  seems to acquire the ability to make independent decisions on.
What is wrong and right.
Butch slowly finds himself drawn into giving Phillip the kind of fatherly presence.
He. 
Himself never had.
Red s team take up positions preparing to ambush the farm.
Where Butch and Phillip have taken refuge.
Unwilling to leave the already wounded Butch  the boy runs back and hugs him - a gesture.
Convinces Red that he can resolve the situation peacefully.
His plans are thwarted  however.
When Bobby Lee  mistaking one  fires a shot into his chest and kills him.
The move leaves Red angry and frustrated.
<EOS>
Tito and Tony are two conmen.
Who run and fall in love with two sisters  Payal and Gehna.
The girls have run away.
Meanwhile  small-time don Jagat Dada enlists the help to steal a treasure map from a police station.
Tito-Tony accomplish the task but    Tito-Tony go after the real one.
Jagat and his men so.
Is. 
Soon  Jagat realizes.
He has been conned  and also becomes aware that he looks.
Jagat Dada goes.
Vikramaditya is away.
The chase begins in earnest and after the mandatory mix-ups  the police come and arrest Jagat Dada and his men.
<EOS>
Animesh Mitra is simpleton.
Who arrives from Jalpaiguri  during hostile times  to study at the Scottish Church College.
He is scheduled to take refuge.
He accidentally gets shot and ends up at the Calcutta Medical College.
Eventually things move on.
Animesh develops a deep friendship.
He takes admission.
A classes becomes intertwined with the unresting times of the youth intellect.
He turns to become a Communist.
He feels.
Their party has been deviating.
Animesh rediscover himself as a hardcore Naxalite  rampaging the interiors of northern West Bengal.
Animesh gets ripped up between his ideals and his love.
Madhabilata gets pregnant.
Animesh abandons her.
Animesh s roommate  the unquenchable poet Tridip  accompanies him.
But outrageous planning leads the Naxalite movement to be a tragic demise.
Subash Sen and other leaders get slaughtered.
Tridip is shot dead.
Animesh is tortured.
He becomes crippled.
His nervous systems breaks down completely  making him a man.
Who can sit and stagger.
Madhabilata gives birth.
Neela stands like a wall and delivers immense support.
The Left Front Government decides to release every political prisoner  a devastated Animesh comes out from jail custody after meeting minister Sudip.
The film ends.
When Animesh unites.
<EOS>
He finds.
When Clover s  childhood friend  Cherries   returns after a ten year separation.
Himself immediately attracted.
It is nt long.
Their rekindled friendship develops.
But  the couple is forced to question.
Time passes and passions fade.
Whether best friends can be lovers.
<EOS>
An old-fashioned train is seen rolling along through the desert.
It passes another train going.
Voices are heard repeating Bread and Butter.
Bugs is riding  singing a nonsense song called Go Get the Axe.
When a pint-sized bandit attempts to rob the train  only to have it pass clear.
He then calls.
He needs a rolling step-stair to mount.
He catches up and boards the train and begins to rob it marked DO NT OPEN TIL XMAS.
The mail clerk wraps himself.
The bandit accidentally throws Bugs Bunny.
Bugs assumes.
He s Jesse James.
The bandit scoffs and tells him  I m Yosemite Sam  the meanest  toughest  rip-roarin  - est  Edward Everett Horton-est hombre.
Who he actually is.
What ever packed a.
Various fights ensue.
Each character temporarily gets the upper hand.
Bugs tricks Sam into dashing into a lounge car stock film footage of a stereotypical western saloon fight  taken from the Warner Brothers western Dodge City.
Which a horrific fight is occurring  actually.
Bugs calmly sings Sweet Georgia Brown to himself.
Bugs thinks So long  screwy  see ya.
He has vanquished Sam  and yells.
But he gets back somehow.
Finally  Sam has Bugs tied up  dangling and fiendishly cutting through the rope.
The train is passing.
The screen fills.
The narrator is saying.
Then Bugs walks.
Bugs closes  He do nt know me vewy well  do he.
<EOS>
8 year old Joe wakes up.
His mum drops him off late  saying.
There is a present.
Feeling miserable  Joe goes  being bullied at both turns.
He finds.
His present is a ` Miracle Fish   a piece determines your future.
Joe places it.
It says.
He is compassionate.
The bullies appear.
Afterwards  Joe sneaks off.
He falls asleep.
M. 
He wanders.
He plays around  writing  taking food from the canteen  skateboarding along the hallways.
He finds a book about alien abduction  and ponders.
That is what happened.
He hears running water and goes into the teachers staffroom to find.
A tap has been turned on.
He turns it off  and leaves the room  closing the door  not noticing the bloody hand print on the back of it.
A short while later  he hears a phone ringing and goes to investigate.
He finds a teachers phone and answers it to hear a strangers voice on the other end.
With the voice asking Joe  it urges him to find a place to hide.
Who he is.
It is too late though.
A man enters the room with bloodstains on his clothes.
Joe  not understanding the situation  asks the man.
He is injured.
The man begins talking.
Life is meant to be able to go you choose  but in reality it does nt You ca nt turn 65 cents into a dollar.
Joe notices.
A laser dot.
The man is quickly shot and killed.
Who flood the room  grabbing up Joe  and checking that the man who took over the school and possibly killed a teacher is dead.
<EOS>
Namukku Parkkan reflects the realities.
Rajeev is a veterinary surgeon.
His wife Renuka is a primary school teacher.
They have two school - going daughters.
They lead a happy and contended life.
They have a dream and.
Is to own a house.
They have plans.
But the dream is.
All others own houses.
But Rajeev and family still live.
Rajeev has been served with a note to vacate the house.
He has asked.
He finds a new house.
Then an unexpected incident makes it inevitable.
Him to build a house.
He sets out he encounters in his journey form the rest of the story.
C.
I.
Velu Nagarajan is.
A kannada police officer residing helps Rajeev and rest of the story.
He faces.
<EOS>
The short film begins.
Bimbo waits and then goes to the kitchen to prepare the order  roast duck.
He sees Betty Boop performing and falls in love at first sight.
When he is about to bring it.
He completely forgets on stage with the duck.
The gorilla gets furious and goes.
Who then escapes.
<EOS>
Jagathalaprathapan was based.
Who is to be punished for expressing his desire for four celestial maidens  Indrani  Nagakumari  Agnikumari and Varunakumari.
The prince  however  escapes punishment and roams.
When he meets a damsel who is Indirakumari.
He marries her and settles down.
Whose king falls with his wife and sends the prince away to Nagaloka in order to covet her.
The prince  however  succeeds and succeeds in winning them as wives.
<EOS>
Matt Conlin is an unemployed single.
Once he was a police officer.
Who lived.
Matt was accused.
Matt was also accused.
Steve lied  so Matt could nt have stole.
He & Matt were playing poker.
The money & Matt could nt have killed his former partner.
The police found out.
Matt did nt have an alibi.
The police could nt prove.
Matt stole the money & killed his former partner.
Matt still got thrown.
The police still believes that Matt stole the money & killed his former partner.
It s also.
Matt got thrown.
Steve got suspended.
Steve lied that Matt had an alibi.
Matt s wife divorced Matt.
Matt s ex-wife married Steve.
Steve raises Matt s daughter Becky.
Matt spends his time gambling.
Matt also spends little amount with Becky.
Steve s still a cop.
A mysterious person purchases them all.
When Matt s markers are already spread.
Eventually the collector sends him a messenger named Blue.
Matt is explained.
He must work off his debt.
Matt s hired to kill criminals.
Who ca nt get arrested.
Matt s also hired to kill criminals.
Who have immunity.
Matt understands.
He has no other choice than to meet his employer s expectations.
Matt s employer s an old man.
Matt is careless and survives.
Because Blue backs him up.
Moreover Matt learns his recently found new.
Drea s also a colleague.
Matt s gang pays Matt to kill Steve.
Matt does nt believe.
Steve s a dirty cop.
Matt warns Steve.
A group wants Steve dead.
Steve goes to visit Matt s chaplain.
When Matt leaves Steve s home.
Who is a priest.
Matt s gang tell Matt.
Steve s a dirty copy.
It s revealed that Steve s none other.
Matt was accused.
Steve also killed Matt s former partner.
Matt was thrown.
Steve s the leader.
Steve s gang consists only.
Steve kills the priest & another innocent person.
Steve also knew.
The priest was innocent.
Matt swears.
When Matt comes.
He ll avenge the clergyman s death.
Steve tells the police to arrest Matt.
Steve also tells police to release Matt 2 hours later.
Steve & his henchmen try to kill Matt & Blue.
When Matt gets released.
Matt & Blue manage to escape.
Matt realizes.
Steve killed the clergyman.
Matt sleeps.
Steve & his henchmen plan to kill Matt  Blue  & Drea.
Steve ordered.
Steve does nt care.
It s implied.
Though Steve married Matt s.
Steve also does nt care.
Matt  Blue  & Drea want to kill Steve & his henchmen.
Drea gets shot.
Drea s still alive.
Unfortunately  Blue gets fatally shot.
Matt also kills the man.
Who shot Blue.
Few seconds later  Blue dies.
Matt manages to kill Steve.
Matt throws Steve.
Gets blown up.
Becky thinks.
Matt s dead.
Matt hugs Becky.
When Matt shows up.
Matt continues spending time.
It s implied.
Matt already slept.
Matt s did nt marry his ex-wife again.
Matt also continues working.
<EOS>
Archaeologist Father Lankester Merrin visits a site.
Where a silver Roman Catholic medallion along resembling a grimacing  bestial creature are found buried together.
Meanwhile  Father Damien Karras  a young priest  begins to doubt his faith while dealing with his mother s illness.
A friend  Father Joe Dyer  tries to advise and console him.
Actress Chris MacNeil notices dramatic and dangerous changes.
Making a film.
Chris initially believes  however  doctors suspect a lesion.
Regan s changes are related.
Regan endures a series.
A doctor advises.
When X-rays show nothing out.
Regan be taken.
Paranormal occurrences continue.
A film director  Burke Dennings  visiting the MacNeil home  dies violently  found.
Run the full length.
Lieutenant Kinderman investigates  and informs Karras.
Dennings  head was found completely twisted.
He also speaks and promises to return.
When Regan is feeling better.
Chris is brutally attacked  leaving her with facial bruises.
After Kinderman leaves.
Doctors recommend an exorcism.
When all medical explanations are exhausted.
Chris consults Karras.
Who is both a priest and a psychiatrist.
Which Karras observes Regan.
Karras initially believes her to be merely suffering.
He records her speaking.
He is later shown Regan s abdomen.
Where the words help me rise in the form of Regan s handwriting.
Karras decides to request permission from the Church to conduct an exorcism.
Merrin  an experienced exorcist  is summoned to perform the exorcism  with Karras assisting.
He and Karras try to drive the spirit.
The demon threatens and taunts both priests  both physically and verbally.
Merrin requests administers the viaticum  a sign of his impending doom at the hands of the demon.
He and Karras take a break  whereby he.
Merrin excuses the younger priest and begins the exorcism  once more.
Karras returns to find.
Merrin has suffered a fatal heart attack.
He attempts to perform CPR.
Regan is proud.
Karras strikes and chokes her  challenging the demon to leave Regan and enter him.
The demon does and falls down the steps.
Whereupon the priest regains enough control and throws himself.
A devastated Father Dyer administers last rites.
Karras dies.
Regan is restored and does not appear to remember her ordeal.
Chris and Regan leave Georgetown and their trauma behind.
They return Karras  silver medallion.
Who takes one final look and departs.
<EOS>
The film opens.
He could nt have been killed  and fought Garlic.
Kami still was alive.
Chi-Chi along are attacked by an unknown group of warriors.
Goku is out fishing.
He returns only to find.
His son has been kidnapped.
The group responsible are Garlic Jr.
S henchmen.
It is later revealed.
They were not so much holding Gohan ransom  but because they were after the four-star Dragon Ball that was attached to his hat.
Garlic Jr.
Summons Shenron and he immediately wishes.
Shenron  never having to grant this type before  grants Garlic Jr.
His wish.
A furious Goku arrives to try to take back his son  but soon discovers Garlic Jr.
S new power.
Kami makes an appearance and meets up  and describes a brief history of Garlic Jr.
And his father Garlic.
Goku then proceeds to try to find Gohan.
When he is attacked  whilst Kami faces Garlic Jr.
Krillin and Piccolo arrive to help.
Piccolo gets revenge.
S henchman Sansho.
Goku manages to defeat the other two henchmen Ginger and Nicky.
Meanwhile  Kami is getting brutally outmatched.
Rescue him.
And.
Garlic Jr.
S newly obtained immortality and a new muscular second form  it seems.
Even Earth s warriors can take him down.
But  two-against-one prevails  and Garlic Jr.
When Goku & Piccolo work together.
Is outclassed.
Angry.
Unleashes his ultimate attack  and bursting  he opens up a portal known as the Dead Zone.
Intending to suck his enemies.
Becomes frustrated.
He decides to handle Goku himself  and later force him.
Things looking extremely difficult  Goku s son  Gohan  becomes enraged witnessing his father and friends in danger and releases his latent energy  blasting Garlic Jr.
Remarkably   Gohan does nt remember a thing of.
What happened  instead believing that his father defeated Garlic Jr.
And  Goku figures.
His son is no ordinary boy  but one.
Piccolo is seen from above  looking down on Goku and his friends and vows that one day  he will defeat Goku.
<EOS>
A millionaire is about to commit suicide.
He is just about to go.
When he spies a bum attempting suicide himself.
The rich man saves the bum and tells him.
Who are always seeking a handout.
He then claims.
He will give a million francs to treat him kindly without thinking about his wealth.
The next day  the tramp awakens.
To find the millionaire gone  and that his own tattered rags have been replaced.
The bum then begins circulating the millionaire s story.
People all over the country begin treating the homeless with kindness and respect.
Eventually the disguised millionaire meets and marries a circus performer and donates his million francs.
<EOS>
Born  Patrick Smash is uncontrollably and devastatingly flatulent.
No more than thirty seconds  he first broke wind  horrifying his parents and doctor.
His farts became so uncontrollable and destructive.
He grew up.
His father had to flee their home  as he was often injured.
It can blow people over.
Patrick is bullied as a result of his condition.
Patrick  however  finds strength and eventually seeks revenge on the school bully Damon by passing gas in his face  leaving him scarred for life.
Patrick s only friend is child prodigy Alan A.
Allen.
Who has anosmia and thus has lost the ability.
Alan and Patrick team up to make Thunderpants  reinforced short trousers strong enough to contain Patrick s emissions.
Suddenly  Patrick learns.
Alan went with the government to assist astronauts who are trapped in outer space.
Patrick finds.
His condition may be to the spacemen in peril.
<EOS>
The story centers.
Who live.
Their mother abandoned the family.
Tully is very outgoing and has relationships  including a stripper named April.
Earl is more.
Ella  a childhood friend comes back to start a veterinarian practice.
She is friends.
Initially  it appears.
Ella has more.
However  they start a relationship.
The elder Coates clearly misses his wife.
His financial problems worsen.
The film develops.
It is eventually shown.
His financial problems are due.
Tully Sr.
Commits suicide.
The film s climax is.
The brothers and Ella react.
<EOS>
Leroy Jones is laid off.
When he wanders by mistake.
The only way is to leave them behind and go.
He can find work to provide.
Where more jobs are available.
Leroy becomes smitten.
He is away.
Back home  meanwhile  the Rev.
Lenox Thomas is not only watching out  he has gotten her pregnant.
Leroy s juggling a lot by the time.
He returns home.
<EOS>
Appu is a taxi driver.
He is still haunted.
Who was sold.
He is still trying to find out the culprit.
Here he meets Geetha.
Who is chased.
Maharani is the madame or kingpin.
Maharani wants the beautiful Geetha.
Appu fights and saves Geetha.
Here his friend Vignesh and his lover Kaveri die saving Appu and Geetha.
<EOS>
Jiang Lingyu  a female student  decides to join the Resistance Acting Troupe.
Who is studying.
She adamantly leaves her uncle s home.
Dissuaded. 
Where she has been staying.
The company arrives to perform for soldiers and ordinary folks alike.
The company perseveres with their arduous journey  with many of them falling sick.
Finally they reach Chongqing.
Where musical instructor Gao Libin falls ill.
Jiang remains behind to take care.
Where they receive news that Jiang s father has agreed.
They decide to get married.
The war is over.
Jiang s cousin  an entrepreneur  comes to see her.
Soon  the troupe read.
The Japanese has surrendered.
Ecstatic  the couple gets married immediately.
The couple leaves the troupe to take a barge home.
Postwar situation is bad.
They discover.
Jiang s father has died before the war ended.
They take up lodging.
They are disappointed.
Year  a widow comes to visit Jiang s cousin.
It turns out.
The widow has had her house forcibly occupied.
Indignant  Jiang and Gao decide to move out to a smaller  shabbier attic apartment scouted out by their friends.
Gao becomes a schoolteacher and Jiang a journalist.
Jiang becomes pregnant.
She writes.
Jiang and her cousin later has a.
Jiang asserts.
She will continue writing.
Weak  Jiang faints in the streets one day and is brought to the hospital.
Her fellow friends put together money for her hospital fees.
Jiang has a premature delivery  but is nonetheless very weak.
The doctor warns   she must be given good nutrition and a healthful living environment.
She may not pull through.
If she does.
Jiang   asks her friends to help take care of her new-born child and is wheeled away.
An intertitle then appears asking audiences to imagine   it says  are the audiences themselves not all responsible.
What the ending is like.
Jiang s future is a dead end.
They are part.
<EOS>
Neo and Bane s bodies lie unconscious.
Neo s digital self  meanwhile  finds itself trapped.
He meets a family of programs  including a girl named Sati.
Whose father tells Neo the subway is controlled  an exiled program loyal to the Merovingian.
The Trainman refuses and overpowers him.
When Neo tries to board a train.
Seraph contacts Morpheus and Trinity.
Who informs them.
Seraph  Morpheus and Trinity enter Club Hel.
Where they confront the Merovingian and force him to release Neo.
Troubled  Neo visits the Oracle.
Who reveals that Smith intends to destroy both the Matrix and the real world.
She states.
Everything that has a beginning has an end  and that the war will conclude.
A large group of Smiths assimilates Sati  Seraph and the unresisting Oracle  gaining her powers of precognition.
The crew of the Nebuchadnezzar and the Mjolnir find and reactivate Niobe s ship  the Logos.
They interrogate Bane.
Who claims to have no memory.
Neo requests a ship to travel.
The captains plan their defense.
Motivated with the Oracle  Niobe offers him the Logos.
Neo departs  accompanied.
Bane   takes Trinity hostage.
Who has stowed away.
Neo realizes.
Bane has been assimilated.
Bane cauterizes Neo s eyes  blinding him  however  Neo discovers an ability to perceive the world as golden light.
Neo kills Bane.
Trinity pilots them.
Niobe and Morpheus set out to aid the human defenses against the Sentinels.
The fatally wounded Captain Mifune instructs Kid to open the gate for the Mjolnir.
It discharges its EMP  disabling the Sentinels but also the remaining defenses.
When it arrives.
The humans are forced to retreat and wait.
They believe will be their last stand.
Neo and Trinity are attacked  causing them to crash the Logos into the Machine City.
The crash kills Trinity.
Neo enters the Machine City and encounters the Deus Ex Machina  the machine leader.
Neo  warning  offers to stop Smith for peace with Zion.
Smith plans to conquer both the Matrix and the real world.
The machine leader agrees.
The Sentinels stop attacking Zion.
The Machines provide a connection to enter the Matrix.
Neo finds.
Smith has assimilated all its inhabitants.
The Smith steps forth  claiming to have foreseen his victory.
Neo baits Smith into assimilating him.
The machine leader sends a burst into Neo s body in the real world  causing all the Smiths in the Matrix to be destroyed.
The Sentinels withdraw  Neo s body is carried away by the machines.
Morpheus and Niobe embrace.
The Matrix reboots.
The Architect encounters the Oracle.
They agree.
The peace will last as long as it can  and that all humans will be offered the opportunity to leave the Matrix.
The Oracle tells Sati.
She thinks they will see Neo again.
Seraph asks the Oracle.
She knew this would happen.
She replies  but she believed.
She did not know.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- Plot | datePart One  War19411944Part Two  Cold War1961 Part Three  War 1992 The final section  set at the height of the Yugoslav wars  sees Blacky as an embittered yet still patriotic warlord  he inadvertently orders the execution of Marko and Natalija.
Who are still making a living  running guns for the various factions.
All friends and family  living and dead  are reunited at Jovan s wedding.
Where Ivan ends the film.
<EOS>
Three young women meet.
When they embark.
Neely OHara is a plucky kid  the legendary actress Helen Lawson is the star of the play.
Who sings.
Jennifer North  a beautiful blonde  is in the chorus.
Anne Welles is a New England ingenue.
Who recently arrived for a theatrical agency that represents Helen Lawson.
Neely  Jennifer  and Anne become fast friends  sharing the bonds to fall in love with the wrong men.
OHara is fired.
Lawson considers her a threat.
Assisted  she makes appearances on telethons and other small but noticeable events.
She becomes an overnight success and moves to pursue a lucrative film career.
Though  Neely not only duplicates the egotistical behavior  she also falls victim to the eponymous dolls  prescription drugs  particularly the barbiturates Seconal and Nembutal and various stimulants.
She s a star.
She betrays her husband  her career is shattered.
She is committed.
Jennifer has followed Neely s path.
Where she marries nightclub singer Tony Polar and becomes pregnant.
Jennifer has an abortion.
When she learns that he has the hereditary condition Huntington s chorea  a fact his domineering half-sister and manager Miriam had been concealing.
Faced  Jennifer finds herself working in French art films to pay the bills.
Anne  having become a highly successful model  also falls to escape her doomed relationship with cad Lyon Burke.
Who has an affair.
Jennifer is diagnosed and needs a mastectomy.
Jennifer phones her mother  seeking moral support.
The mother is only concerned at Jennifer s art films.
The mother also reminds Jennifer.
Faced  Jennifer succumbs to depression and commits suicide with an overdose of dolls.
Tony is able to spend the rest of his life in a sanitarium.
Where he is well cared.
Neely  committed to recover from her addictions  meets him there.
They sing a duet.
Neely is released and given a chance to resurrect her career  but the attraction of dolls and alcohol proves too strong.
She spirals.
Anne abandons drugs and her unfaithful lover and returns.
Lyon Burke ends his affair and asks Anne to marry him.
She is moving on.
<EOS>
The film centers  Jude  Pete  Paulie  Marc  and Luke.
Who live together.
The group invite him to have dinner.
Zack  a Desert Storm veteran  helps move Pete s car.
However  Zack turns out to be a racist  praises Adolf Hitler and denies the historicity  leading to a tense political debate with the liberal students.
The evening takes.
A turn  when the veteran  possibly haunted by post traumatic stress disorder  snaps and threatens to rape Paulie  then threatens Marc with a knife.
Zack breaks Pete s arm but is stabbed by Marc.
The group decides to cover up the murder.
Paulie regrets.
The man is dead  even though she and Marc were threatened.
The students decide to follow up this event by inviting other right-wing extremists for dinner to murder them  reasoning a better place.
This would make the world.
The students lay down a procedure.
The guest will be given every opportunity to change his/her mind and recant his/her beliefs.
The group offers the guest poisoned white wine and raises a toast.
The guests fail to change his/her ways.
The bodies are buried.
Guests include a homophobic protestant reverend  a misogynistic chauvinist  a Neo-Nazi  an anti-environmentalist  a racist  anti-Semitic Nation  a Pro-life extremist  a censorship advocate  a hobo assailant  and opponents of gay rights.
Of whom are murdered.
Misgivings begin to surface within the group.
A couple grow indecisive regarding the justification of their actions.
Infighting and guilt compel Jude  Pete  Marc  and Paulie   to spare a teenage opponent of mandatory sex education.
A local sheriff  named.
Who investigates the whereabouts.
Jenny Tyler comes.
The main suspect in the case is Zack  the first victim.
Who was also a convicted sex offender.
The policewoman grows suspicious and interrogates Pete  Marc and Paulie at their home.
Finding the sheriff prying around the back yard  Luke also kills the sheriff unbeknownst to the rest of the group.
Luke and Pete meet famous conservative pundit Norman Arbuthnot  played by Ron Perlman  and invite him to dinner.
Norman stymies the group with his moderate and persuasive arguments.
Of which the usually argumentative group have difficulty debunking.
He even admits.
He says more radically conservative things.
The frustrated students all suspiciously excuse themselves.
Jude warns him not to drink the wine by saying  It was left out too long and has gone bad.
Only Luke still wishes to kill Norman  calling him Hitler.
Luke is dissuaded and breaks down into tears.
Where he aims a gun.
Meanwhile  Norman examines the group s home and pieces together their murderous activities.
When the students return.
Arbuthnot presents the group and offers them a toast but does not drink himself  with the excuse.
He does nt want to be too intoxicated to fly his private plane.
He puffs and says  Do nt worry  I did nt pour any of the bad wine.
A closing shot portrays.
All five students collapsed  with Norman standing next to the blue bottle and smoking his cigar.
The film ends.
The Last Supper Script - Dialogue Transcript.
<EOS>
Cynthia  Marc and Robert are young friends.
Marc is a struggling actor  Robert is an.
Cynthia is desperately trying to attract the attention to break into magazine publishing.
Cynthia and Marc find an apartment together.
Robert is secretly with Marc.
Who s oblivious.
Marc falls.
Who lives across the alley from Marc s apartment.
David s boyfriend throws him out.
David moves in.
Robert  trying to get  becomes interested in a man.
Who works.
Taking Marc s advice to make the grand gesture  he sends Cynthia as a secret admirer.
Zola turns down the gesture.
Marc is humiliated.
Marc and Robert discover.
David supports himself.
Marc breaks up and throws him out.
Robert makes the grand gesture by singing a song.
He s written.
Cynthia   has a nervous breakdown.
Marc can respond.
Whose attempts to get through.
She returns on Long Island.
Marc and Robert visit Cynthia on Long Island.
Free realizes.
He has feelings.
Cynthia gets a call  setting up a meeting for the following day.
<EOS>
Set  Charlie Roberts is a militant African American attorney from New York City falsely accused of murder during a demonstration in rural Texas.
Escaping  Charlie breaks into a vacant coastal vacation home.
Where he encounters white Marlene Chambers  an uneducated  prejudiced  unwed pregnant teenager who has been shunned  and who sought refuge in the vacant home a few weeks before Charlie arrives.
Realizing  their relationship   slowly evolves into a touching friendship.
Their survival depends.
<EOS>
Surya and Gitanjali are smart college students.
Surya falls at first sight.
Ajay is a spoilt brat and is the son.
L.
A.
Abinash.
Ajay likes Gitanjali and thus proposes.
Ajay threatens.
When Gitanjali refuses.
He will jump.
Being a meek girl  Gitanjali accepts the proposal and starts dating Ajay.
Meanwhile  Surya proposes.
Ajay  Gitanjali refuses.
But Surya does nt yet to give up.
He feels that Gitanjali does nt love Ajay truly.
Surya tries to impress Gitanjali sincerely.
The film is all.
Surya tries to win Gitanjali and positive out look.
<EOS>
Kazman is a dedicated husband.
Who   decided to buy a bungalow for their family near a lake as a family getaway.
Anxious  Sufiah feels.
If someone is watching her.
Her daughter Lisa   compounds her uneasiness.
Who would always go downstairs to play congkak with someone whom she could only see.
Sufiah throws the congkak  but is awakened the next night by the sound of the congkak being played again and upon investigation  she sees an old lady playing it.
The oldest resident comes to the family s rescue and helps in locating the missing family members.
When her daughter disappears.
<EOS>
Claudia is a very successful attorney.
Who was once graduated.
Nowadays  she is working hard to become the first female partner.
Her life should be perfect.
Her personal problems keep stacking.
Recently  her sister invited her to deliver the family Thanksgiving a self-made apple pie.
Claudia  however  is everything.
Her sister is  and is frightened.
Meanwhile  Claudia is ordered to make sure.
A corporate client will demolish a park to build an enormous development.
She has to order her employees to work.
Order to realize this.
The due date  a court battle  is the day.
Claudia meets Gina  a mysterious old woman.
Who makes it her goal to teach Claudia some moral lessons.
Gina takes her.
Where Claudia is a low-profile  but happily married woman.
Claudia finds out.
She is falling with the man whom she is married to.
Furthermore  she grows closer.
She learns.
Experiencing her new life  the way it could have been.
She is missing out.
Gina returns to take her back.
As she is about to settle.
Claudia is reluctant to return  and thus must consider.
What she is most thankful.
<EOS>
The film opens with two children chasing each other - Melanie Smooter and Jake Perry.
The two discuss their future together.
They kiss.
Jake says.
They will be married one day.
The scene then moves.
Melanie has changed her last name to hide her Southern roots.
She now is a successful fashion designer.
Andrew  Melanie announces.
She has to go back home alone to tell her parents.
She has not told Andrew.
She is still married.
Melanie demands a divorce and an explanation as to.
Jake has returned the divorce papers unsigned.
Jake  once again  refuses to sign the papers  first demanding.
Melanie visit her parents to say hello.
Melanie retaliates.
Melanie gets drunk and embarrasses herself in front of her friends  confessing.
She had previously been pregnant.
She also reveals.
A mutual friend  Bobby Ray  is gay.
Jake becomes angry and takes her home.
The divorce papers are lying and finally signed by Jake.
When Melanie wakes up the next morning.
Melanie visits the Carmichael Plantation and tries to apologize to Bobby Ray.
He explicitly tells Melanie.
Bobby Ray accepts the apology.
Jake is not the only person she left behind.
He expresses the sadness.
All her friends have felt after she fled ago.
She finds herself cornered.
As Melanie is leaving the plantation.
Who claims to be.
Where Melanie supposedly grew up.
Desperately  Melanie tries to sneak back.
Bobby Ray realizes  so he pretends to be Melanie s cousin and saves her by giving the reporter a tour of the plantation.
What is happening.
That afternoon  Melanie realizes.
Her friends are kind  caring individuals who never stopped loving her.
Melanie learns.
Jake had once gone to try and find her because he was still in love.
That night  Melanie goes.
Jake shows up.
They talk.
Their marriage did not work which is hinted to be due and her miscarriage.
Jake wishes Melanie a good life.
Melanie says.
She can not do it and kisses him.
However  Jake pushes her away and tells her to go home.
Andrew arrives  looking for Melanie at the Carmichael Plantation  her supposed home.
Jake meets him and takes him.
Where Melanie is.
Jake tells Andrew.
Her father introduces himself.
When Andrew sees Melanie.
Realizing Jake s ex-wife is the same woman  Andrew rebuffs Melanie and leaves.
He proposed.
Melanie returns.
Where her father walks in.
Andrew tells her.
He does not care and still wants to marry her.
They decide to have the wedding.
Andrew s mother comes down.
They discover.
Melanie s friends arrive.
Jake has become a very successful glassblower.
Melanie is surprised to see.
What Jake has made out.
It is suddenly clear.
He did it all to win her back.
Her lawyer interrupts the ceremony and explains.
She is walking down the aisle.
The divorce is still not final because Melanie forgot to sign the divorce papers.
Melanie explains.
She can not marry him because she still loves Jake and hopes Andrew will find a good woman.
Andrew graciously accepts this and wishes her well.
However  Andrew s mother explodes  attacking Andrew  then verbally attacking Melanie and the town.
Melanie punches her.
When she insults Melanie s mother.
Melanie finds Jake.
It was.
Melanie tells him.
The two are still married.
She wants to be.
The town sheriff  Wade  interrupts them explaining.
Melanie is wanted because she ran out.
Wade takes.
Where all are waiting.
It is shown  only this time she successfully carried the baby to term.
Melanie got pregnant again.
The couple is living happily.
<EOS>
Late one night.
Derek Quinn hears the doorbell ring and goes.
His father Tom reprimands him.
Instead Derek watches.
His curious father opens the gift.
Finding a musical orb shaped he activates it  causing it to strangle him with retractable cords   his impaled body being found by his wife Sarah a few moments later.
Tom struggles he slips and falls.
Two weeks later Sarah takes Derek.
Who has nt spoken.
They have been followed.
Rejects all the toys.
His mother leave  prompting Joe to begin angrily yelling  belittling him and blaming him for all the store s recent failures.
Pino bumps and drops the larvae toy.
Running. 
Noah picks up and buys along.
Noah begins taking apart the toys.
He bought when he is confronted by his angry landlord Harold.
Late paying rent Noah  to smooth things over  gives Harold the Larry the Larvae toy.
Harold is killed  causing his car to crash and explode.
Driving home.
When Larry the Larvae crawls and bursts out his eye.
The next day  Sarah takes Derek to see Santa  finding another gift on the porch on the way out.
He had hidden years earlier.
Sarah and Derek are gone Pino sneaks  using a key.
When he and his father lived there.
Pino flees.
When Sarah and Derek get home early.
Sarah decides to let Derek open.
The present dropped off earlier.
Derek refuses to touch it.
Leaving Derek alone Sarah.
Is visited Kim Levitt and while the two talk Derek sneaks outside and throws the present in a garbage can  where Kim s adopted son Lonnie finds it.
Roller skates.
Lonnie unwraps the gift and finds.
Joe   begins beating Pino  accidentally killing him by knocking him down some stairs.
Left hospitalized cause him to lose control.
When rockets hidden.
Derek is visited.
Sarah visits Lonnie and Kim.
Who is shooed away.
Noah  revealed to be Sarah s old boyfriend and Derek s real father  confronts her and the two reconcile.
Buck engage in some freaky sex  involving a toy hand on his butt  a toy.
Is left.
Joe  has a horde attack them.
Who had broken.
He abducts Derek  taking him.
Sarah home Noah tells her.
He was arrested.
His pregnant wife died.
Who tells them Buck is dead and that Joe took Derek.
Sarah rushes and starts looking around upstairs  arming herself with a knife.
Noah is attacked by Joe with a remote control plane and an acid squirting water pistol and is knocked out.
Hearing the noise Sarah goes downstairs  finds the real Joe s dead body and tries to run  only to be stopped.
The imposter Joe removes his face and puts  revealing himself to be Pino.
Pino explains.
Joe created him to replace his own dead son.
He could never live up and was continually broken and rebuilt by Joe in his drunken rages.
Pino goes on to say.
He wants Sarah to be his mother before her while frantically screaming I love you mommy.
Grabbing the knife Sarah dropped.
Earlier Pino begins trying to stab Derek  who he had placed.
Derek is saved  distracting him long enough to halve him at the waist with an axe.
When Noah breaks and starts fighting Pino.
Barely functioning Pino cries before grabbing Sarah s leg  causing her to stomp his head into pieces.
The eyes s partially assembled robots spark ominously  like Pino s and his creations.
Sarah  Derek  and Noah leave.
<EOS>
The film follows.
The genre started in the 1960 film Psycho as it deals with a young woman  Susan  who thinks her father killed her mother years ago.
Released  she is reunited with her father and a new stepmother.
Suspicious ongoings threaten to push her.
<EOS>
A drought is occurring.
Several herds seek an oasis known as the Great Valley.
A diminished Longneck herd gives birth to a single baby  named Littlefoot.
Years later  Littlefoot plays.
Who was trying to smash a beetle.
Each has historically remained apart.
That night   he encounters Cera again.
Littlefoot follows a Hopper.
They play together briefly.
He almost has them.
Littlefoot s mother comes.
She suffers severe back and neck injuries from the Sharptooth s teeth and claws.
An earthshake opens a deep ravine.
Swallows up the Sharptooth and divides Littlefoot and Cera.
Littlefoot finds his dying mother  and receives her advice.
Depressed and confused  Littlefoot meets an old Scolosaurus named Rooter.
Who consoles him.
Littlefoot later hears.
His mother s voice guiding him to follow the bright circle.
Littlefoot meets Cera once again and tries to get her to join him.
She refuses.
Later  Littlefoot is accompanied.
Whose company bears him out.
They meet an aerophobic Flyer named Petrie.
Cera   finds the unconscious Sharptooth.
Who is attempting to find her own kind.
Thinking  Cera harasses him.
He is dead.
Which she mistakenly wakes him up  and flees.
She later bumps  and tells them.
The Sharptooth is alive  although Littlefoot does not believe her.
She then describes her encounter.
Which she accidentally flings Ducky and discovers a hatchling Spiketail  whom she names Spike and brings him into the group.
Seeking the Great Valley  they discover a cluster.
Is abruptly depleted.
Searching  they discover one tree still with leaves  and obtain food by stacking up atop each other and pulling the leaves down.
Cera remains aloof.
Everyone including herself gravitates to Littlefoot s side for warmth and companionship.
The next morning  they are attacked  but escape through a cave-tunnel too small to admit him.
They discover the Longneck-shaped monolith mentioned by Littlefoot s mother  and later a string of mountains.
Burn. 
Petrie gets stuck  Littlefoot rescues them   scare them away.
To find Cera harassed  and  having been coated in tar.
Ashamed and reluctant to admit her mistake  Cera leaves them in tears.
Later   Petrie discovers the Sharptooth nearby.
Crossing a pond.
Tired stalking them and determined to avenge his mother  Littlefoot plots to lure him into the water beneath a nearby boulder  intending to drown him.
Littlefoot and Spike are having trouble moving the boulder.
Ducky lures Sharptooth.
A draft from Sharptooth s nostrils enables Petrie to flight.
Sharptooth leaps.
The plan nearly fails  but he later emerges unharmed.
Cera reunites  allowing Littlefoot and his friends to push both Sharptooth  Petrie and the boulder into the water below  momentarily taking Petrie down with him.
Littlefoot  alone  follows a cloud resembling his mother  there to be joined by the others.
Petrie impresses his family with his newfound flight.
Ducky introduces Spike.
Cera reunites.
Littlefoot rejoins his grandparents.
Cera then calls to play.
They join their friends and embrace each other in a group hug.
<EOS>
The Civil War is over.
Congressional Medal is a Colorado rancher now  with a wife and four children.
His pride and joy  son Morgan  is invited to attend West Point  but prefers to help run his father s ranch.
One day  he sees Comanche Indians riding.
John is away.
He returns to find his family killed  Morgan hanged.
Vowing vengeance  John ignores a posse organized and forms his own band  freeing six men from a prison.
John will do everything.
They help him find Tarp  who apparently led the slaughter.
One  Chamaco  bonds with John  feels like a son to him  but is offended by John s reaction to that.
He shoots John.
Elizabeth Reilly nurses him back  saying the bullet missed his heart by an inch.
The six convicts   continue to follow John in his quest.
The trail leads them.
S.
Army camp.
Where the six help fend off an Indian attack.
John comes face to face with Tarp  his thirst for revenge is gone.
He rides home.
<EOS>
Max and Jessica are a high school couple and very much in love after meeting in grade nine.
Max has an interest.
Jessica s ambition is to be an orthopedic surgeon.
Jessica lives.
She must contend.
She still believes.
When she allows Max to sneak so that the couple can spend more time together.
Their plan is to attend Harvard University.
They are going to get married  Jessica and her sister are shocked and disgusted.
Jessica s father expects his older daughter.
To tell his.
She does not reveal.
When Jessica sees her mother arrive home.
What her father has told her.
Jessica discovers.
Harvard has accepted her.
She and Max are ecstatic.
The couple are then less than enthusiastic.
When Jessica and Max learn that Harvard has deferred Max s acceptance.
Matters improve.
When Max proposes on Valentine s Day.
He feels.
He has never been more sure and that they are ready to spend the rest of their lives together.
He loves his fiance  the fact and her ability to make things work.
She is headstrong.
Jessica immediately accepts and feels.
She will still attend Harvard.
Jessica and Max announce their engagement plans.
She requires consent from her parents.
Roger feels and does not wish to play a part and Max s marriage.
If his daughter will be compromising her university education.
Max s father supports his son s decision.
He feels that Jessica is a terrific person and that he and his wife also married.
Jessica s mother makes her daughter promise.
She will finish college and earn her degree  as well as use birth control.
Roger begs his daughter not to go through with the marriage.
Max and Jessica get married and live.
Her mother giver them permission.
Tensions arise.
When Max moves his trophies.
Jessica becomes slightly uncomfortable.
Max and Jessica seem happy to spend the rest of their lives together.
Unfortunately  Harvard rejects Max.
Jessica shows her ability.
When the couple rents off-campus accomodation because they want to be together.
Jessica meets Sophie and Carter  two freshmen.
They are curious and surprised.
Jessica and Carter share a romantic kiss.
She hears him play his guitar.
Jessica tells him.
It must never happen again.
Tensions arise.
When Max forgets to pay the electricity bill  although he does make an effort to make good his wrong supper.
Jessica also becomes even more annoyed.
When he reveals that he does not want attend college.
Jessica stays for a trial separation from Max.
When Max sees Carter and Jessica having a drink together.
Later   she realises.
When Max tries to apologise.
He has been kissing another young woman.
Carter and Jessica spend more time together.
This culminates.
Jessica stops.
They run into Max and another young woman.
Max and Jessica both move back temporarily.
Max s parents encourage him to get an annulment or divorce.
Jessica s mother advises her.
A test is the ability to get through challenging times.
Max reveals.
When the couple has dinner together.
He has started to fill and that he has been offered an internship at an architect s office.
The film ends making a concerted effort to rebuild their marriage.
<EOS>
Who was unable to afford hospital treatment.
S.
Immigration and instead sets out to work a plan to open a hospital  called Amma People s Hospital.
Will be accessible.
This draws quite an attention.
He becomes popular  especially.
He falls with Swetha.
Both get married  breaking Ramya s heart.
Shortly thereafter much  Swetha becomes pregnant.
She calls Ramya.
When Swetha discovers a frightening organ-smuggling operation while going through a friend s diagnostic report.
Ramya calls the police.
Swetha is being attacked.
Names the attacker.
Swetha eventually succumbs.
The police arrive to find her dead body and arrest Ajay.
It seems.
Ajay s motive was money  as Swetha was a wealthy heiress.
Ajay is convicted and sentenced.
The police van meets.
Being transported.
The police launch a manhunt  but are unable to catch him.
Ajay secretly meets and tells her.
He did not kill Swetha.
He wants her help to catch the real killer.
<EOS>
Scientist Mason Lane used microscopic parasites to advance human evolution.
The experiment resulted  but something went wrong.
Three quarters die.
Twenty years later  Jamie Akerman   inherits the island to discover a new  more dangerous outbreak.
Who fled the original outbreak.
Has just emerged.
<EOS>
Wataru Mitani is a quiet and unassuming fifth grader.
A new student called.
Mitsuru Ashikawa begins attending Wataru s school  though he is.
There are also rumors circulating  witnesses claimed to have seen a ghost wandering behind the building s blue tarps.
One day   Wataru witnesses an old man entering the abandoned building.
Out. 
Wataru follows him and stumbles into the strange world of Vision.
He is told.
The portal he crossed  called the Porta Nectere  opens only once every ten years.
People are strictly forbidden to enter Vision.
They obtain the status from the gatekeeper.
Unfortunately  he is also told.
He will forget everything.
He is awoken by his uncle to find  Wataru supposedly fell from the stairs of the Daimatsu building.
Vision was a dream.
Wataru s uncle brings Wataru home only to discover a terrible truth  the boy s parents are divorcing.
His father is running off  leaving his wife and Wataru behind.
Both Wataru and his mother are shocked.
To add  he finds his memories of Vision slipping away.
Later  Wataru s father s lover confronts Wataru s mother.
Who Wataru s father really loves.
Wataru s mother attempts suicide by leaving on the gas in the house.
Mitsuru visits him  warns him  and tells him to go to Vision.
He wants to change his fate.
Wataru struggles to remember.
He finally goes to cross the portal to Vision.
Thus  Wataru s journey begins.
Wataru meets an old man.
When he arrives.
Who calls himself the Wayfinder.
He tells Wataru  Wataru has to collect five gemstones to go.
What he must do to change his destiny.
Where the Goddess grants each Traveler one wish.
Each stone has a different quality  charity  bravery  faith  grace  and the power.
Wataru encounters friends and foes.
He ultimately comes.
<EOS>
Lauren King is a highly intelligent 13-year-old American girl living with her affluent family.
She spends her free time reading Heidegger.
Daniel Michon is a highly intelligent 13-year-old French boy.
Who loves Hollywood films and who uses his talent to make theoretical bets on horse races.
The two meet.
Where a movie is being filmed.
They fall.
Lauren s self-absorbed mother fiercely objects  seeing him as a filthy French boy unsuitable for her daughter.
The two are forbidden.
When Daniel punches the egomaniacal director boyfriend.
Lauren and Daniel meet Julius  a kindly elderly gentleman and a pickpocket.
Who tells them that if a couple kiss beneath the Bridge of Sighs in Venice at sunset while the church bells toll  they will be in love forever.
Knowing  she initiates a plan to travel to Venice together.
She will be sent back soon.
The two young lovers take a train to Venice and spark an international chase.
<EOS>
The Pied Piper is first spotted working magic by a disabled boy  Paul  and playing his signature tune In the Hall of the Mountain King.
Paul tells.
His best friend  the schoolteacher Truson  also played.
Truson is skeptical.
The town has entered a competition in order to win a banner from the King.
The Mayor exhorts the people to work incessantly  even the children  to the extent.
They are denied school and play.
Truson protests.
His protests go unheeded.
The Mayor and his cabinet plan to construct golden chimes to impress the King s Emissary.
Who is due to pay a visit.
But their efforts are temporarily halted.
When the town is invaded.
It is then.
The Piper magically appears.
Asking to be paid all the money  he offers to rid the town of the rats.
An unusual element is introduced here   only Truson and the children can hear it.
Whenever the Piper plays a happy tune.
The children quickly fall asleep.
When he plays and leads the rats to their doom in the river.
Only the material-minded adults  but not Truson  can hear the music.
Furious  the Piper leaves.
The Mayor plots to use the gold to construct the chimes.
Truson  is thrown for speaking out against this injustice.
Who is.
The Mayor plans to marry off Mara.
The Piper takes his revenge.
Playing a happy variation  he leads the children of Hamelin away and into a beautiful kingdom concealed by a cave.
Magically opens to let the children.
But Paul is accidentally left behind.
He falls while trying to catch up closes before he can pass through.
The rest concerns the resolution of the Truson-Mara love story  the attempts of the adults to bring back the children  the Mayor s repentance  and the Piper s forgiveness.
A happy ending was added to keep the program a family special.
The poem s storyline was greatly embellished to pad it out to ninety minutes.
The characters and the King s Emissary  as well as several bit roles  were invented for the film.
Were the happy ending and the storyline.
However  the mayor still tries to trick the Piper over the payment for ridding the town of rats.
Which the poem was based.
<EOS>
Peter Mandrake  an American photographer  is preparing an in loco essay for his new book  about the Train Surfers in the city of Rio de Janeiro.
A local call girl decides to investigate himself.
He is friends with is murdered  and when the police can make no progress Mandrake.
Subsequently  two hired  leaving him to die.
Thugs break  and when he does nt produce it they rape his girlfriend and stab him.
Vowing revenge  Mandrake enlists the help.
Who owes Mandrake a debt  to teach him the art.
The obsession causes Mandrake s girlfriend to leave him  wanting the whole thing to simply go away.
This develops.
Mandrake refuses to let go.
The thugs are discovered to be working.
The head is attempting to uncover a traitor in his organization.
Who apparently stole a floppy disk containing important information.
Mandrake allies himself to help them find the disk  in return for discovering.
Who killed the call girl.
The disk is ultimately found.
Mandrake learns.
The organization head murdered the call girl himself  slashing her face.
Hermes appears suddenly and the head orders.
Him to kill Mandrake.
Hermes tells him to do it himself.
They fight.
Mandrake manages to stab his opponent.
However  the fulfillment leaves Mandrake feeling empty and without purpose.
He wanders.
This reinvigorates his passion  and  now his work has a theme of love and simple pleasures.
Whereas he previously took pictures.
He heads out to see his girlfriend.
Who is an archaeologist working.
He tells her.
<EOS>
Fifteen years ago  Ben Walker decided to leave his college sweetheart Wendy  and ultimately his faith.
Order to pursue a lucrative business opportunity.
Ben has become a financial wizard as the head of his company  and has just proposed marriage to a pretty yet materialistic fiancee.
He is visited.
When his car breaks down.
Who tells him that he needs to see what his life would have been like had he followed God s calling.
Suddenly  Ben finds himself.
Where he s scheduled to give his first sermon.
The mechanic explains.
This is an experience God has put to show Ben what would have happened if he d accepted his other calling  the great What If.
He must first learn to appreciate the value  and perhaps rediscover the love of his life.
Ben wants to get back.
Tells the story of a man.
Whose glimpse reminds him of what he truly wants.
<EOS>
The Chicago Outfit was the most powerful organized crime syndicate.
Lou Marazano was their deadliest hit man.
Lou is a relic  his legend obscured  his talents forgotten  his glory days over.
The Outfit s top boss orders.
When high-profile union representative Joe Barbone is arrested.
A string can uncover a vast conspiracy involving police officers  city officials  and mob affiliates.
He sees an opportunity to finance his retirement and leave Chicago.
When Lou finds out.
But.
The acting street boss   decides to revoke Lou s membership - Lou must prove he held over twenty years ago.
Who is looking to make his promotion permanent.
He is worthy.
<EOS>
Two con artists  Tulio and Miguel win a map to the legendary City of Gold  El Dorado  in a rigged gambling match.
The two evade capture.
Hide. 
Are shortly loaded to be led by Hernan Cortes to the New World.
They are caught as stowaways  but manage to break free and take a rowboat with the help of Cortes  horse  Altivo.
They land at the edge of South America.
Miguel begins to recognize landmarks stated.
The map leads them.
Where a young woman approaches them  chased.
The guards see the image riding Altivo as the same on the totem  and believing them to be gods  escort them and the woman under the falls and into El Dorado  truly a city made of gold.
Tulio and Miguel are brought.
Tzekel-Kan mainly sees them.
Tannabok warmly welcomes them.
Tulio and Miguel begin to argue.
What to do.
Everyone is convinced.
They are gods when as a volcano is beginning to erupt  Tulio yells to stop.
The two are taken to private quarters along with the woman.
They met earlier  Chel  who has seen but offers to help maintain it as long as they take her with them when they leave.
Tulio tells Tannabok the next day.
They are only here  but will need a boat to leave the city with the gifts the city has showered upon them.
Tannabok says.
It will take them at least three days to construct a vessel to carry both them and the gifts by the people of El Dorado.
Chel encourages Miguel to continue to explore the city  allowing her to become closer.
He demands.
When Tzekel-Kan sees Miguel playing a ball game.
The gods play.
Tulio and Miguel are clearly.
Chel replaces the ball  allowing the two to cheat and win the game.
However  players put  Miguel orders him to leave the city.
When Tzekel-Kan offers to have the defeated.
Tzekel-Kan sees a small cut  and realizes.
He is leaving.
They are not gods because gods do not bleed.
Tzekel-Kan conjures a giant stone jaguar to chase them.
Tulio and Miguel manage to outwit.
The stone jaguar  causing both it and Tzekel-Kan to fall  thought to be the entrance to Xibalba  the spirit world.
Tzekel-Kan comes.
Where Cortes and his men are searching.
Thinking Cortes is a true god  Tzekel-Kan quickly offers to lead them.
Tulio is ready to leave.
Miguel announces.
He will be staying because he finds the city peaceful.
They spot smoke  realizing.
Tulio and Chel start to leave.
Cortes and his men are approaching the city.
To protect the city  Tulio determines.
They can use the boat to slam under the waterfall path that will cave in and block access to the city.
The city residents pull down a large statue to create a wave to propel the boat.
Tulio can not get the sails up to give the boat enough speed to avoid the statue.
Miguel forgoes his chance to stay and jumps into the boat with Altivo to finish hoisting the sails.
The boat clears the statue.
Tulio s plan is successful   the entrance is sealed for good.
The boat and its treasures are lost.
Tulio  Miguel  Chel  and Altivo hide brings Cortes and his men towards the waterfall.
An angry Cortes takes this.
Tzekal-Kan finds out that the entrance has been blocked.
Cortes and his men then march away.
Tulio  Miguel  and Chel   take off  unaware.
Disappointed they lost their treasure.
Altivo still wears the golden horseshoes he was outfitted.
<EOS>
The plot concerns the adventures  the most cowardly of men.
Both struggle and go through several episodes fooling all of the small town they live in.
They get the wrath of the dreaded bandit Severino de Aracaju and his gang.
Joao is shot dead.
Joao is seem  matching wits the Devil.
Chico buries him.
Asking the Virgin Mary to intercede.
<EOS>
Lion Lu and rabbit Bun were friends.
They have characters and favourites.
Were different each other.
So  there re many funny and dramatic situations.
Happened. 
<EOS>
Also Spanish - and German-dubbed clips Comes.
Garfield and Garfield Goes Hollywood respectively were shown.
The last part features.
The celebrations held where fellow cartoonists drew their characters as their presents  followed by man-in-the-street interviews about Garfield  before the camera shows him and Odie living the good life in Hollywood.
Finally  Davis acknowledges the audience.
<EOS>
The story begins in the midst of a dirigible flight over the North Pole.
They are caught - but not.
They release an experimental substance called Nirvano Gas that they hope will preserve them until rescue can arrive.
The Nirvano Gas works.
The dirigible is buried and is not found.
500 years have passed.
They awaken.
When Buck and Buddy are found.
Only those  run  resist the criminal rulers of Earth.
Who live.
Buck and Buddy join the resistance.
They set out.
Where they hope that they can find help.
Saturn is run.
They also discover.
Kane has dispatched ambassadors  headed by his loyal henchman  Captain Laska.
The serial then becomes a back-and-forth struggle to secure the military support of Saturn for the struggles on Earth.
<EOS>
The film is set on the eve of its dismissal in 1959 after less than two years in power.
A school going teenage  Jayan  grows warm relation.
Who is a staunch Communist Party activist.
Jayan s father is a strong sympathiser.
Jayan relaises.
Bhasi and his near and dear ones live.
Jayan s intimate rapport  engaged in the theory of impending doomsday  helps.
Him see things clearly.
Jayan realises the truth besmeared.
<EOS>
Misha Belenkoff is a Russian immigrant.
Who was a former literature teacher.
He is living and working as a janitor at an animal-testing lab in California.
One day  he cleans up the cages.
He encounters Paulie  a blue-crowned conure.
Who astonishingly speaks in perfect English.
But Paulie does nt talk.
When Misha brings witnesses.
Misha persuades Paulie to tell him his life story.
Paulie tells him.
A little girl named Marie Alweather  and how he was given by her grandfather.
Marie has a speech problem.
She stutters  but is delighted when playing.
Marie s father  Warren  is a soldier and away.
Her mother  Lila  is.
She is an only child.
Eventually  Warren does return home.
He is happy to see Marie  but is startled to see her stutter.
Marie successfully overcomes her stutter.
When Warren and Lila send her.
Who learns speech.
However  Paulie only speaks.
Marie makes.
The months pass.
No friends and Warren grows concerned.
He is also concerned  and not socializing her age.
Marie may be spending too much time.
That night  Marie takes Paulie and attempts to teach him to fly.
Case they separate.
Unfortunately  she trips and falls off the roof  injuring herself.
Warren sends Paulie away from home.
Paulie is passed to another  eventually ending up in a pawn shop back in New Jersey  the customers -- including one named Benny -- and the pawnbroker  Artie.
Where he spends his time insulting.
He is purchased.
She befriends him  teaches him manners and agrees to take him to find Marie.
Who has moved to Los Angeles.
Their mission comes.
Ivy loses her eyesight.
Paulie remains.
She eventually passes away.
Afterward he finally learns to fly and continues his journey alone  journeying first to watch the sunrise.
Ivy had always wished to see.
Paulie joins a group of performing conures owned by Ignacio.
He s kidnapped.
Who recognized Paulie  and begins a life of crime.
Paulie flies down through a chimney of a house but becomes trapped inside and abandoned.
Paulie is then brought.
Where employees and scientists  led  are stunned by his intelligence.
They put Paulie.
He will be reunited.
He refuses to cooperate.
When Paulie discovers that the institute has lied.
Paulie s wings are clipped.
He can not fly anymore.
He is imprisoned.
Moved  Misha decides to give up his menial job to release Paulie and take him to Marie.
Misha brings cutters and manages to get Paulie out.
He also sneaks and finds Marie s address.
Reingold encounters him  but Misha quits  and also releases all the animals and sneaks out with Paulie.
They find Marie.
Who is now a fully grown  beautiful young woman  but who is unrecognizable.
They are then reunited.
Marie invites Misha.
Misha says.
He should go and that she and Paulie must have lots to talk about.
Paulie then joins in  saying.
He should stay.
Misha still tries to go.
Paulie then points out  a reference would be his dream girl earlier  Marie says.
Marie had flowers and probably had books on the table.
What Misha said.
She would like it a lot if Misha could come inside.
Misha admits.
He would also like to come inside.
The three go inside.
The credits begin to roll.
<EOS>
Virsa is the story and Ranvir Singh Grewal and their families.
Nawaz Ali hails.
Ranvir Singh Grewal belongs in Punjab  India.
About 20 years ago  both migrated to Sydney  Australia  in search of work.
Where they met and became the best.
Gradually  their hard work paid off.
Ranvir opened an Indian restaurant.
Became a runaway success.
Nawaz Ali opened a shop.
It did well.
He could manage to lead a comfortable life but he was not as successful.
Nawaz Ali was very grounded and values.
This helped him to remain level-headed and not get carried away in Australia.
He never lost sight.
What was morally and ethically right and stood.
Ranvir got carried away by his success.
He felt.
He was superior Indians and Asians who were not as successful.
He found merit and looked down upon his Indian upbringing and values.
He had no more use.
He became very conscious.
The difference drive the two friends apart.
They reach a point where Ranvir stops talking.
However  Nawaz still cares and tries to keep their friendship alive.
Ranvir and Nawaz are well settled with their respective families.
The film opens.
Nawaz has one son  Amaan Ali and Ranvir has a son  Yuvraj  and a daughter  Meet.
Amaan and Yuvraj are roughly the same age and best buddies  despite the rift between their fathers.
However  the difference is reflected in the personalities of their sons.
Amaan is a sensible  level-headed young man.
He is strongly grounded and comfortable with his Asian identity.
However  he is contemporary.
He does a fine balance.
As he adapts.
Yuvraj is the exact opposite.
Yuvraj grows up to be a rich  spoilt brat.
He also feels closer to the white folks than around him.
He has no idea.
He loves women  booze  drugs  Yuvraj s sister  Meet  is quite in her values  upbringing and behaviour.
She is going steady but is not sure.
Her father will react.
However  she also has a special relationship.
Nothing is said.
She instictively feels.
She can always depend  that he will always be there for her.
Amaan too feels an instinctive pull but waits for the right time to tell her of his love for her.
Ranvir feels.
The people look down upon him because they feel that he is not a good son  since his father  Sardar Joginder Singh  lives here all alone.
Sardarji wants to stay  till his last breath.
Ranvir cons Sardarji.
However  things are very different.
The cost is high.
Labour is expensive.
Ranvir enlists Sardarji s help.
Gradually  Sardarji s status becomes no more.
One night   Yuvraj meets Mahi.
Mahi has come to Sydney for her studies.
She is a modern day young Indian woman  contemporary but.
She is beautiful  sexy  intelligent and confident.
She tries to reform him.
They fall.
It seems.
Though he will sort his life out.
But old habits die hard.
Yuvraj gradually falls back.
Mahi is unable to stop him.
It explores ways.
That the succeeding generations can benefit.
<EOS>
Made  The War Game depicts the prelude to and the immediate weeks of the aftermath to a Soviet nuclear attack against Britain.
A Chinese invasion starts the war  tensions escalate.
When the United States authorises tactical nuclear warfare.
The Soviet and East German forces threaten to invade West Berlin.
S.
Does not withdraw that decision  the U.
S.
Does not acquiesce two U.
S.
Army divisions attempt to fight their way.
The Russian and East German forces defeat them.
The U.
S.
President launches a pre-emptive  NATO tactical nuclear attack.
A limited nuclear war erupts  missiles strike Britain.
The chaos   leads to the story s centre in Rochester.
City residents are forcibly evacuated.
Is struck.
Key targets are RAF Manston and the Maidstone barracks.
Are mentioned.
The results are the instant blinding of those  the resultant firestorm caused by the heat wave  and the blast front  later  the collapse of society  because of radiation sickness  psychological damage  and destroyed infrastructure  the British Army burns corpses.
Who see the explosion.
Police shoot looters.
<EOS>
The film opens.
The terrorists have a man.
Who betrays his fellow officers and aids the terrorists.
The base is destroyed.
The terrorists leave the area.
Lenny Slater is.
When he and the quarterback  Bruce McGuinness have words.
Meanwhile  the terrorists have dispatched their vehicle and obtained a new means of transport.
Slater chases.
Practice is broken up.
Who was doing sprint training next.
Slater engages her  trying his best to convince her to let him take her to the homecoming dance.
Jenny says yes.
They survive the terrorists.
The bus is en route  as a field excursion.
The surprised guard  is forced to give them entry.
When confronted.
Who is a terrorist.
No suspicions arise.
Was a dead body.
Passing  Slater spots a shotgun in the guard s office  and what he believes.
The FBI office confirms.
When he confronts the professor.
UCLA classes finished at 330 p.
M. 
Slater is left.
The other students file off the bus.
He notes a couple.
Who sport machine guns  and watches them.
They perform some type.
Jenny and Slater stick together  Jenny accepts his offer  the pair then notices.
They get the go ahead.
The rest are ordered to the hostage area.
One calls a military officer with their demands  it turns out.
The traitor was once a soldier.
The terrorists demand.
A prisoner is released.
They will contaminate the city s water supply.
Slater enters the plant and finds both Jenny and McGuinness  Slater attempts to explain  McGuinness however does believe.
The plant is being held.
The local news bulletins got hold at 500 p.
M. 
Just finished for the day in Southern California.
Slater and Jenny get away.
McGuinness is taken hostage.
Slater and Jenny are forced to evade numerous attacks  and hide in various locations around the plant  meanwhile the military start to gather around the perimeter.
They run.
The pair shouts out but instead get shot at by a terrorist.
Starts a shooting frenzy.
The prisoner arrives  so the demands will be met.
However   the American terrorist and his old military commander exchange words.
Sees the military agent being shot.
Results where the valuable prisoner is killed by a female FBI agent named Nicole Stevens.
The hunt continues for the two missing teenagers  Slater and Jenny.
Who take it to try to foil the attack on the water supply.
Jenny creates a distraction.
Slater is able to grab the terrorists.
Jenny uses her athletic speed to get and throw it off the water supply entry.
Slater then grabs the VX solution.
He saw being extracted earlier when he was left.
Slater and Jenny rejoin the hostages.
McGuinness also helps  as they overthrow the few remaining terrorists.
The party survives  getting injured from a shot in the shoulder.
The military arrive  arrest the terrorists and save Santa Monica.
<EOS>
The story takes place  at a boarding house for civil servants recovering from surgery and illness.
The six male residents  lives change.
When two women arrive.
Catherine is a lively  sexually liberated woman willing to kiss  dance  and sleep.
Leonie is reserved  formal  and conservative.
Leonie finds  He was wounded and carries psychological scars.
Herself attracted.
The other men play practical jokes  some of them cruel.
His mother brings him emotional distress.
Do his memories.
The unlikely pair struggle to get.
<EOS>
Cletus Moyer is a free black Northerner in colonial America  working with a pre-Underground Railroad network to help slaves escape captivity.
A group of bounty hunters led by Hattie Carraway captures Moyer near the Parker plantation in Spotsylvania County  Virginia.
Dozens of slaves are in danger of being captured as well.
Who have already left their plantations.
Moyer implores two slaves to take his place  Kunta Kinte  a Mandinka in his mid-twenties  and Fiddler  an elderly man.
Who was captured.
Who was born.
Kunta is eager to help.
Fiddler is unwilling  fearful.
They are caught.
Moyer and two slaves are hanged by Carraway s men on Christmas Eve  prompting Fiddler to set aside his fear and help Kunta lead the runaway slaves to freedom.
-- a boat waiting -- there is no room for the two of them  forcing them to return to the Parker plantation and manufacture an excuse for their temporary absence.
The pair successfully leads the runaways that night.
Nevertheless  Kunta and Fiddler are left.
They helped to give a group the best Christmas gift of all  freedom.
<EOS>
Balagopal learns.
Returning. 
One died in a scooter accident  and that she had loved him.
Rosy s ghost visits him and   she becomes jealous and transforms into an evil spirit baying for Anjali s blood.
Friendly. 
Rosario  tries to put Rosy.
<EOS>
Set.
Which water scarcity has extinguished life.
Nature is extinct.
The outside is dead.
Asha lives and works.
She plants an old seed immediately starts germinating.
When she receives a box.
Asha appeals to grant her permission to investigate the possibility of life on the outside.
The Council denies her exit visa.
<EOS>
Tommy Riley and his father have just moved to start a new life.
Tommy s father has accumulated many gambling debts  but has found a new job  leaving his son alone.
Requires him to travel extensively.
Tommy also has a hard time fitting  having crossed some gang members led by Shortcut.
A loan shark  named Sharkey  sends two collectors.
Where he is threatened unless his father pays up $.
He takes a job and enters into a romantic relationship with Dawn  the daughter of the owner  but is jumped by the gang members outside the restaurant.
Seeing  a local boxing promoter offers Tommy a chance to fight in an illegal underground boxing operation.
Well Tommy is able to fight.
Tommy then agrees to fight one match  for $ 1250 dollars in order to pay up the interest on the father s gambling debt.
Tommy progresses.
His father informs him that he will be alone.
Tommy finds out.
Romano  a fellow student are all part of the illegal boxing matches.
Tommy faces off with Black Death  a dirty fighter.
Who uses elbows and low blows as well as a notoriously powerful right hand.
Tommy upsets Black Death with the aid of his corner man  Noah.
The boxing promoter Jimmy Horn takes an interest and attempts to recruit him into his ring of fighters.
However  wanting to go on  Tommy initially refuses Horn s offers.
However   Tommy agrees to fight five.
Horn buys off Tommy s father s $ 15000 gambling debt.
Matches in order to wipe off the debts.
Tommy enjoys a great deal and develops a friendship with Romano and Abraham Lincoln Haines.
He focuses and begins to ditch school.
Learns about the reasons the fight  the former to send his father s body to Cuba and to make money  the latter to support his girlfriend and their baby daughter.
Romano and Lincoln continue.
Tommy continues to build up his reputation.
When Romano has a match.
Romano is confident during the start of the fourth round.
However  Shortcut secretly has his corner man apply a blinding fluid.
Romano once again dominates Shortcut.
Tommy watches and cheers him on.
Shortcut then puts Romano and rubs the fluid onto Romano s eyes giving.
Him blurred vision.
Unable to defend himself  Shortcut brutally beats Romano.
Tommy rings the bell.
Enraged  Tommy attacks Short Cut.
They are broken apart.
Tommy begins to search for Romano by searching through hospitals.
It is not.
Noah advises Tommy to search the hospital and indigent where he finally finds a beat up Romano in a coma and declared brain dead.
Enraged  Tommy fights Short Cut in his next match.
However   Tommy notices Short Cut rubbing his gloves together.
The match starts.
Tommy lifts him up and slams him.
When Shortcut tries to put Tommy.
Fluid gets.
Defending himself  Tommy then punches Shortcut under the belt and proceeds to beat him into submission  but he stops.
He lets Short Cup drop.
Later  Lincoln shows signs to the head  and is told to quit fighting for at least 60 days or else suffer permanent brain damage.
Horn arranges a match between Lincoln and Tommy with 20 grand to the winner.
Afraid  Tommy takes a beating  saying damn you to hell due to his loss of his only livelihood.
Lincoln is unwilling to kill Tommy as he was earlier saved.
Horn  a former boxer himself  punches Lincoln severely enough to knock him out of the ring.
Who lost only one fight.
Furious  Tommy challenges Horn   Tommy will continue to work for him indefinitely.
Horn wins.
His father s debt is wiped clean.
Tommy wins.
Horn accepts.
They fight.
Horn s vast experience initially gives him the upper hand.
Horn s confidence influences him to play and humiliate Tommy as a result.
Tommy eventually uses the various forms  he fakes a broken hand to give Horn even more confidence  and then uses the element of surprise to finish him off  freeing himself from Horn s contract.
He s received to outthink Horn.
Tommy and Lincoln shake hands  affirming their friendship.
Tommy tells.
Noah  Make your enemy think you are weak when you are really strong.
Noah smiles.
He hugs the champion Tommy.
<EOS>
Raja Kumar Bahadur alias.
Gyan Shankar Rai has been a total abstainer all his life  never touching a drop  and keeping away from women and all known vices all his life.
Then one day named Saudamani  and instantly falls with her.
He sees a young woman.
He finds out  and virtually buys her  and brings her to his palatial home.
This is.
When he takes  but refrains from marrying her.
Years later  he sees.
Another beautiful woman  about half his age  named Sumita  meets  pays off their debts  and marries her in the bargain.
He brings Sumita home  but makes it clear.
Madhuri s word is law here.
Then Kumar finds out.
Sumita had a childhood sweetheart.
Kumar meets and finds out.
Both still have feelings.
An insecure and jealous Kumar now schemes a plot on the historical grounds of Fatehpur Sikri unfolds to entrap the young lovers  thus giving the title Lal Patthar.
It is here Kumar s plot.
<EOS>
Malik along with his former girlfriend Gen her friend Barbie.
Another friend named.
Wes take a weekend getaway where Malik and Gen played when they were younger.
They arrive.
Is said to contain miles.
The four friends climb down  and are observed by a mysterious old man from a short distance away.
He tugs and pours.
What appears to be blood.
The teenagers stumble into two Mexican drug dealers  Jorge and Al  along with their teenaged sidekick Zee  hauling packets of contraband across the border.
The drug dealers force the four teenagers to tag along.
Suddenly  mysterious ghost-like creatures appear and begin to attack them  forcing the teenagers and drug runners to join forces and run to try to escape.
The mysterious old man is seen stroking his necklace  summoning the mysterious creatures.
One throws a hook and chain at Al  impaling him to the wall.
Barbie is then sliced at the waist.
When she attempts to stand.
Most are severed as well.
Zee seems to have disappeared.
The remaining survivors climb.
One stabs Wes through the neck.
Jorge is also killed.
Malik and Gen soon discover a room filled.
Have been killed.
Zee appears again and leads them.
Eventually the two safely escape the tunnels only to discover.
They have lost the keys.
They ask the owner.
The owner turns out to be the mysterious old man.
Neither know he is the one behind the attacks.
He offers them some beer.
The old man drives the two away.
Gen drinks it and soon passes out.
The old man stabs Malik and then knocks him out with chloroform.
Malik and Gen wake up back.
Gen discovers a small  narrow tunnel.
They each painfully remove the barbed wire binding their wrists.
They crawl and end up in the house of the old man.
They find a bedroom covered with newspaper clippings about a teenager named Zee  the old man was a suspect in the killing.
Who was murdered.
Zee reappears and shows them a passage.
The old man soon finds the open passage and follows them.
Once again  the old man summons the ghostly creatures to attack the two survivors.
They flee.
Soon  Malik and Gen cross paths.
Who attacks them.
The old man is about by slowly stabbing him in the neck.
When the previously silent Zee tells him to stop.
Gen attacks the old man.
Gen gets hold and destroys it.
The creatures show up and kill the old man.
Later  Gen cuts herself  dripping her blood onto a rock.
She says her goodbyes.
She meets up.
They safely make it.
They flag down another pickup truck and ask the driver for a ride.
Malik and Gen are safely in a motel room.
Malik then muses.
Whether they could then control them too  which Gen simply shrugs off.
The movie ends showing Wes and Barbie s dead bodies through their motel room window.
<EOS>
Nora is a young American woman.
Who suffers.
She and her husband Jim are coming home.
When Nora suffers an accident  tumbling down the stairs.
Nora survives the fall  but is soon visited.
Determined to dry out  the couple head to Ireland.
Where they pay a visit Nora s grandmother and Uncle Bill Ferriter.
Uncle Bill harbors a dark and fascinating secret  the perfectly preserved  mummified remains of a Druid witch  one of the.
It is revealed.
This corpse is a distant ancestor.
Uncle Bill explains.
The druid witch was neither good nor evil  but more like a force of nature.
However  the witch comes and attempts to steal the body  soul and identity of her hapless descendant.
<EOS>
Cayuco is a cinematographic documentary.
Heartrendingly narrates the penuries that Sub-Saharans have to go.
It s an intimate portrait.
When they try to reach Europe.
<EOS>
Prince John commits a romantic indiscretion and is frogged.
He is cursed.
A woman kisses him and marries him.
His squire Rodney is also frogged.
Moving forward 500 years  the Prince and Rodney   find themselves in New York s Central Park  and falls in love with her.
Where the Prince sees Kate driving her horse-drawn carriage.
However  the actress Margo impetuously picks up the Prince-frog and kisses him  breaking the curse  and turning the Prince and Rodney into their true human selves.
Prince John and Rodney begin their search.
Who kissed John.
She decides to make her unfaithful lover  Hamish  jealous.
When the Prince finally meets Margo  while performing Shakespeare s Romeo and Juliet.
The Prince  realizing  proposes marriage.
He must marry Margo to permanently break the curse.
Meanwhile  Rodney finds.
They try to find potions.
Will break the curse.
The three couples manage to find themselves with the right person  the curse is forever broken by true love.
All marry to live happily ever.
<EOS>
The main narrative is set.
Where  about 300 years before  two princes named Lock and Delphus fought.
Their father s kingdom was torn into rival nations  Lockland and Delphi.
Lock killed Delphus.
The story flashes forward.
When the castle is besieged.
Their father  the Locklander king  turns to his chief sorcerer Armand in despair.
The sorcerer convinces the king to give him a handful.
To animate a stone statue.
Using the blood the gryphon to him  Armand first orders  then betrays his king and calls it back to attack the Locklanders in a coup.
It to break the Delphite siege.
It is seen.
The sorcerer suffers the physical effects  but regenerates almost immediately due to his bond with the beast.
Princess Amelia escapes and pursues the retreating Locklanders  led the Delphite prince Seth.
Who had been.
Having inherited the gift from his parents  the prince is advised by his mother Cassandra  a sorceress  to seek an artifact called the Draconian Pike  the only weapon.
Can kill the gryphon.
His mother warns him.
He must retrieve the two halves and reassemble it to kill the gryphon before a solar eclipse occurs in two weeks.
Armand will be able to enact a ritual.
Makes himself and the beast immortal.
Amelia and her retinue capture Seth and his man-at-arms  David  called The Valley of the Dead.
They locate the haft.
Fending off an attack  they escape and move on to seeking the blade.
Meanwhile  Armand attempts to foment mistrust by killing a Locklander messenger and sending his body to Amelia s father  a threat against her life magically scored into his chest.
The king calls for his armor and mounts a counter-invasion of Delphi.
Meanwhile  Amelia confronts Seth  demanding  but she lets.
He tell her where the blade is.
Her guard down momentarily.
He takes advantage  seizing the knife  they fall.
That same night  Armand sends his two magic-wielding brides  Daphne and Kyra  to seduce one into stealing the haft piece from Amelia and Seth.
They decide to send messengers to muster the combined armies of Lockland and Delphi.
When Seth and Amelia find it gone the next morning.
Amelia and her remaining knights attack Armand s lair.
Seth and his retainer David enter a magically-warded labyrinth to retrieve the blade.
The two kings call.
A truce and their armies prepare  while the gryphon prepares to destroy them.
Queen Cassandra bids her husband farewell and rides into the deserted stronghold of the enemy.
He rushes to confront him  but finds his path blocked by the sorcerer s brides.
Seth retrieves the blade.
Cassandra tells her son to leave the sorceresses and go to dispatch the gryphon  sacrificing herself in a magical strike against them.
Meanwhile  Armand has captured Amelia and killed the Locklander knight champion  and demands.
She become his bride.
Seth and David arrive and fight  but soon loses the blade of the Draconian Pike.
Assembling the pike  Armand kills David and prepares to kill the Delphite Prince  but is persuaded to spare him.
Armand proclaims.
The eclipse begins.
He will soon become an immortal and that his progeny will be the new Titans.
His hand touches Amelia s belly.
He walks away.
He realizes.
She is already pregnant.
Furious  he rejects her and prepares to kill them both.
A struggle ensues and Armand again knocks the prince  but is unable to deliver the coup de grace.
The Delphite queen s spirit still protects her son.
The sorcerer calls the gryphon down.
Whom the princess tosses the Draconian Pike.
It appears.
If Seth is charging  but instead hops onto a rock and turns just in time to level the pike at the stooping gryphon  impaling it.
The gryphon reverts and shatters.
It falls  while the sorcerer dissolves into a pool of blood.
The armies rejoice at their deliverance  cheering of Vallon.
Amelia and Seth raise the reassembled Draconian Pike overhead to symbolize the reunion.
Amelia proclaims.
The curse has been lifted.
<EOS>
Prisoner Joe Sullivan   breaks jail.
Who has taken the fall.
Neither Joe nor Pat is aware.
The escape has been facilitated by mobster Rick Coyle  a sadistic pyromaniac  who has arranged for Joe to be killed during the break-out in order to avoid confronting him and paying Joe his agree-upon share of $ 50000 for the crime.
Contrary  Rick decides.
When the break-out scheme succeeds.
He must have Joe done  by somebody else.
Pat and Joe kidnap a social worker  Ann.
Who has been visiting Joe  trying to reform him.
This begins a doomed film noir love triangle.
A fight ends.
When Ann shoots Joe s attacker.
Ann realizes.
She is.
Relenting  he sends her away and prepares to flee the country.
Pat receives a phone call from Rick s associate warning them  and will be harmed.
Ann has been seized.
Joe and Pat do not come out.
Pat does not disclose the nature  but instead tells Joe.
It was a call about their check-out time  since she is anxious to avoid telling him anything about Ann that would lead him to hesitate beginning a new life with Pat.
Joe attempts to convince Pat.
They can start over a new life together  however Pat finally realizes that Joe will always be thinking.
Pat realizes and does so.
She must tell Joe that Ann is.
Joe races to save Ann and kill her captor Rick.
The ship sets sail.
Joe manages to get past Rick s thugs  and sneaks into Rick s room.
Who are positioned to ambush Joe.
Surprised  a sudden gunfight erupts with Rick and Joe shooting each other and inadvertently starting a fire.
Joe and Rick  both wounded  fight hand to hand.
Mortally wounded  the dying Joe is comforted.
Pat looks on.
<EOS>
Kite revolves.
Who is orphaned.
Her parents are the victims.
This film opens  but the man was yelling.
When Sawa found a new home.
Sawa kills him.
The detectives investigating the crime  Akai and Kanie  take her.
Akai begins a sexual relationship  forcing her to become his sex slave for the duration of his guardianship.
Akai also gives her a pair.
Sawa becomes an assassin.
The corrupt detectives make her kill an alleged rapist.
She kills whomever  including corrupt police officers and corporate fat cats.
She is ordered to.
Sawa s assassinations are famous.
Explode after piercing the skin.
Eventually  Sawa meets a fellow assassin named Oburi.
Who is.
A bond quickly forms.
Sawa slowly gains the emotional strength to escape from her guardians to set out on her own.
Oburi is leaving Akai and Kanie s service.
Akai orders Sawa to kill Oburi.
Realizing  Oburi tells her.
Sawa has the drop.
Akai and Kanie were the ones who murdered her parents.
Sawa reveals.
She has known that.
She lets.
Oburi live and goes to take out her next target.
The bodyguards nearly kill her in a struggle in the men s restroom.
She loses one of her earrings and sustains several minor injuries.
Kanie sends him.
When Oburi shows up alive.
The man is actually a SWAT officer.
Who nearly kills Oburi before Sawa arrives and saves him.
Oburi confronts Akai and tells him.
He and Sawa are both leaving.
Akai overpowers and savagely beats him.
Sawa comes but is captured by Akai and Kanie.
Akai appears to decide  thank me  the screen cuts.
That just killing Oburi is nt enough  and after Akai says Sawa.
Akai tells Sawa.
When Kanie drags Oburi off afterward.
He s impressed.
He tells her.
Where Kanie is going to kill Oburi and that he is looking forward.
Sawa then leaves  saying.
She has an exam the next day.
The next morning  Akai arrives.
He draws back the covering and flinches.
When he sees it is Kanie.
One reminds him.
The body s location is where a double murder occurred several years prior  when the parents were killed.
Akai then goes.
Where Kanie had been taking Oburi to confront him  but instead finds Sawa  who shoots him.
She tosses both guns  then removes her remaining earring and discards it as well.
Oburi is shot - perhaps coincidentally a girl - and most likely the assassin Akai was talking about after raping Sawa for the last time.
Oburi and Sawa can reunite.
Whose basketball he had destroyed to an insult.
The scene changes at Oburi s loft in an abandoned building  waiting patiently for his return.
There is the sound.
Sawa turns her head to look.
The screen goes black.
<EOS>
The Chain tells the story.
Comprise a circular property chain.
Who are tasked.
It follows the trials and tribulations.
A spin-off series  Moving Story  was made for ITV.
Which Warren Clarke played the part.
<EOS>
An Ancient Egyptian priest called.
Imhotep is revived when an archaeological expedition led finds Imhotep s mummy.
Dr Muller  Sir Joseph s assistant Ralph Norton  recklessly reads aloud an ancient life-giving spell.
Imhotep escapes  taking the Scroll of Thoth.
Prowls Cairo seeking the reincarnation.
Ten years later  Imhotep calls.
Pearson  claims and shows them.
His name is Ardath Bey  a modern Egyptian.
Where to dig to find Ankh-es-en-amon s tomb.
The archaeologists find the tomb and give the mummy and the treasures.
The archaeologists thank Imhotep.
Where to find the tomb.
Imhotep was once mummified alive.
He attempts to kill her.
Finding Helen Grosvenor  a woman bearing a striking resemblance.
She is saved.
When she remembers her past life and prays to save her.
The prayer causes a ray to burst out raising its arm to point a glowing ankh at Bey.
He ages and crumbles.
Frank then calls Helen back.
<EOS>
Matt Helm is assigned to bring down an evil count named Contini.
Who is trying to collapse the world economy.
Helm travels.
Where he is given a guide  Freya Carlson  a beautiful but bumbling woman.
A pair  the seductive Linka Karensky and Yu-Rang  each attempt to foil Helm s plans.
The former is killed.
Freya s clumsy attempts to assist Matt are helpful but not particularly appreciated.
McDonald  his chief  turns up to aid Helm  but is wounded in action.
McDonald confides to Helm  using a clever guise.
The seemingly inept Freya is actually a top secret agent herself.
They go for a showdown.
Helm creates chaos and destruction.
Contini escapes.
Helm and Freya are able to catch up.
Contini is killed  dropping through a trap door.
Successful and alone  Helm finally has an opportunity to thank Freya.
Only he can.
<EOS>
A golden city becomes the birthplace to a new form of Kung Fu.
Soon an evil tyrant threatens the peace and harmony such a proud city.
A generation passes and a brave prince  a fearless princess and a foolish dwarf to return a kingdom to its people.
They wrest it.
<EOS>
That is accidentally freed during the Civil War.
When slave traders bring back an evil voodoo entity.
The entity possesses the bodies to create an army of its own bent on conquest  using the corpses of both the North and South.
The opposing troops must overcome their differences and band together to investigate the gruesome deaths.
When both Union and Confederate soldiers are mysteriously murdered during the Civil War.
It soon becomes apparent.
These killers are anything but human.
Instead  they are a maniacal regiment.
It is solely up united American soldiers to fight the slaughterous evil of the Ghost Brigade.
The film centers.
Has been awaiting his parole.
It is cut short.
When there are unusual murders.
To discover the culprits seeks Colonel Nehemiah Strayn  a former Confederate regiment commander  now sitting in a Union prison at Bowling Green.
Who was once Harling s teacher.
The two officers  along supervising  set out with a small detachment of troops and a runaway slave named Rebecca.
Strayn tells.
When they reach the site where several Union troops were murdered.
What happened.
They come across a group of Confederate soldiers.
Who quickly surrender much.
The Confederate tells Thalman  yet he was unaware of.
Their group was attacked.
He and his people were taken.
Thalman  deciding  took off leaving Harling.
They required reinforcements.
But   they are assaulted by Stayn s old regiment  now a bunch of walking zombies.
Strayn & Rebecca are talking just a few yards away.
His former second-in-command  Major Josiah Elkins  tells him to lead this new regiment.
Strayn refuses the offer however  and escapes to the camp.
Strayn warns everyone.
They all hide.
The Confederates had and waited until the zombie soldiers approached them.
They are surprised to see Thalman reappear again.
He has been changed.
So he returns to his former self.
But  he puts Harling  in hopes.
He dies.
Harling would see the men out.
The next day   they set a trap.
They do nt have time to leave the area.
Using Strayn to lure them back  he surprises them by picking up a pistol and killing one of them with a silver bullet.
Was created that the Confederates were carrying.
The Ghost Brigade goes and attacks the joint Union/Confederate troops.
Who were positioned.
Strayn personally fights.
Elkins stabs him.
But  Rebecca leaps.
He can finish Strayn.
The short struggle continues.
Rebecca shoots Elkins.
Harling realizes.
Barely alive.
She is infected and has to be shot.
Strayn tries to intervene.
Rebecca is shot.
The last remaining zombie soldier cries.
He is shot.
They head back for Union territory.
Where Strayn is sent back for a short period.
He escapes and rejoins the Confederate Army.
He fights during the battles of Gettysburg and other major Civil War battles.
His unusual stand alienates many of his countrymen.
Strayn is fighting in the Confederate Army Harling decides to not take his parole and stay for duration of the war  serving under General U.
S.
Grant of the Civil War.
The film ends telling the story of Strayn going back to the creek.
Where his regiment was murdered.
Where he is never seen again.
<EOS>
Act.
Gilberte Valandray is the socialite wife.
Whom she has concealed a previous but unvalidated marriage  being aware of her husband s belief in the indissolubility of a relationship based on a first sexual experience.
Only her spinster sister Arlette knows the secret.
Secure  Gilberte now encourages a circle of amorous admirers  as flirts but nothing more  including Faradel  a middle-aged dilettante  and Charley  a young avant-garde artist.
Who is also pursued.
Gilberte is then aghast to discover.
Her husband has invited an American  Eric Thomson  with whom he is about to sign a deal  and who is none other than her first husband.
Gilberte appeals to the truculent Eric to preserve her secret.
Act.
Ten days later   preparations are in hand for a performance of Charley s new play mes primitives  set in Mexico.
Eric is considering.
Whether to renew his marital claims.
Faradel offers the use flat to Charley.
Who invites Huguette there - and Gilberte.
Meanwhile Eric   gives the address.
Who is about to take over the lease.
Act.
The following afternoon  all the characters arrive flat  to the bemusement of the concierge Madame Foin.
Arlette declares.
As Georges thinks he has discovered his wife s secret.
Eric upholds the lie  delightedly overcoming his longstanding horror.
Meanwhile Charley has been happily seduced.
Georges and Gilberte are restored.
<EOS>
It is.
The United States is.
Industrial disasters  resource shortages  and gasoline have made railroads the primary mode of transportation.
Even they are.
CEO James Taggart shirks responsibility.
His sister Dagny Taggart  Vice-President  defies him by replacing the aging track with new rails made of Rearden Metal.
Is claimed to be lighter yet stronger.
Dagny meets.
They negotiate a deal.
They both admit serves their respective.
Politician Wesley Mouch -- nominally Rearden s lobbyist.
C.
-- is part.
Views heads as persons who must be broken or tamed.
James Taggart uses political influence to ensure.
Taggart Transcontinental is designated the exclusive railroad.
Dagny is confronted.
Dagny promises him.
He will get the service he needs.
Dagny encounters former lover Francisco dAnconia.
Who presents a facade.
He reveals.
A series are worthless  costing his investors millions.
Rearden lives with a wife and a brother.
Who are happy to live off his effort.
They overtly disrespect it.
Rearden s anniversary gift is a bracelet from the first batch of Rearden Metal.
She considers it a garish symbol.
Dagny dares Lillian to exchange it for Dagny s diamond necklace.
She does.
Talented people quit their jobs and refuse all inducements to stay.
Dagny and Rearden rebuild the Rio Norte line.
Meanwhile  Dr Robert Stadler puts out a report implying.
Rearden Metal is dangerous.
Taggart Transcontinental stock plummets.
Dagny leaves Taggart Transcontinental temporarily and forms her own company to finish the Rio Norte line.
She renames it the John Galt Line.
Who is John Galt.
A new law forces Rearden to sell most  but he retains Rearden Steel for the sake of his metal.
To finish the John Galt Line.
Dagny and Rearden complete the line ahead of schedule and successfully test it on a record-setting run to Wyatt s oil fields in Colorado.
Dagny and Rearden celebrate the success of the line.
The shadowy figure responsible visits Wyatt with an offer for a better society based on personal achievement.
Dagny and Rearden continue their celebration by fulfilling their growing sexual attraction.
The next morning  Dagny and Rearden begin investigating an abandoned prototype.
Could revolutionize the world.
They realize the genius and try to track him down.
Dagny finds Dr Hugh Akston  working.
He is not willing to reveal the identity  Akston knows.
Whom Dagny is seeking and says she will never find him  though he may find her.
Another new law limits rail freight and levies a special tax.
It is the final straw.
She rushes but finds a handwritten sign  I am leaving it.
When Dagny hears that Wyatt s oil fields are.
Reads. 
I found it.
Take over.
It s yours.
The film closes.
He is.
<EOS>
An aspiring musician  Govind  meets Ruksar  a young woman.
Who ran away to become a famous film star  on a train heading to Bombay  India.
The two bond but part ways after arriving in Bombay.
Govind befriends Mahi  a confident and modern girl.
Ruksar meets Govind again.
The two hit it off.
He holds Mahi s hand to mislead him  unaware.
When Govind notices a photo journalist.
Mahi has fallen with him.
It is then revealed.
Mahi is the best friend Ruksar had ran away.
The two tell each other.
They ve fallen with.
It is the same person.
The three realize and brokenheartedly part ways.
When Ruksar  Mahi and Govind all meet.
What happened.
Kapoor is a college student named Krish.
Chopra is a college student named Radha.
Krish breaks up with his girlfriend  Meera  and bumps into Radha.
They become friends and spend the entire night traveling.
A misunderstanding is cleared.
Krish and Radha text everyday  getting to know each other and falling.
He goes to meet her to spend the day.
She angrily uploads embarrassing photos on Facebook.
When Meera learns that he is.
Instantly go viral.
Radha learns Krish spent the night on his birthday.
2 hours after he broke up.
Krish ignores Radha retaliating.
When she tries to talk about this  being too busy.
Frustrated and heartbroken  Radha leaves.
The film rewinds during the times of the British Empire.
Kapoor is Javed  a womanizing villager.
Chopra plays Aradhana  a young woman.
Javed and Aradhana become accquainted.
She becomes upset.
When Aradhana realizes his flirty nature.
Javed insists and decides to put all his attention  allowing the two to bond.
She is special.
Javed joins Aradhana s father.
Javed hides.
When the officers begin.
Aradhana s father is hit.
Seeing this  Aradhana gets angry.
To appease her  Javed gets.
Himself beat and arrested.
She visits him and tells him their love.
Can not happen.
He tells her to wait.
3 months later  Javed is freed but is informed.
She got married a month ago.
Aradhana tells Javed.
She only got married to make her father happy.
Soon  it is the night for his father s happiness.
Aradhana comes.
Javed objects to the wedding and insists.
He wants to marry Aradhana only.
The actual ending is then shown  In 1960  Govind packs up and boards a train  intending to leave.
However  he is followed.
Krish calls Meera and Radha to his college one last time  and tells Meera.
They might have been.
It s.
He then professes his true love.
The two reconcile.
Javed and Aradhana are finally together  vowing  revealing the main purpose of the film.
Their love will not only last this lifetime but for all the lifetimes to come.
<EOS>
Dr Anne Russon  primate psychologist  broaches new territory in the attempt to understand orangutan intelligence and psychology.
Orangutans   have culture.
They do not rely solely.
Instead a rich and complex society provides the young with critical knowledge.
Is necessary.
The destruction threaten the lives of these great apes.
Their culture is disabled.
When they are taken out or when it is destroyed.
Dr Willie Smits  director  and his team rescue hundreds of orangutans.
Dr Smits is committed.
Dr Carl Van Schaik  primatologist  discusses the rapidly diminishing opportunity to learn.
The number dwindles precariously.
He believes questions such.
Where does our culture come.
The orphans learn the skills.
They need to survive.
They are released.
When they are old and skilled enough.
Strange ` Lord of the Flies  communities evolve in the forest.
Eventually the orangutans learn to sustain themselves.
Opportunities to observe and interact them in their natural setting are reduced.
Poignant  making us think hard about the meanings and values of culture and nature.
Prof.
Lorraine Daston  Director  Max Planck Institute of Science.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who dies and comes back to life as Sara Bryan  a female figure skater due to an accident made by an angel that caused the hockey player to die.
Both share the dream.
The male hockey player specified implied.
If he returned  he wanted to have a chance to win an Olympic Gold medal on ice leaving the detail that he wanted to be on the hockey team.
Matt has to get skating lessons from the Sara s one-time rival.
He wishes to earn gold.
<EOS>
Chompa Tong  a daughter received two pets.
One was a kitten.
Another was a crocodile s egg but she dropped the egg.
Where it grew and killed many women for food and fun.
One day  Chompa Tong  was kidnapped.
A young prince called Jak Jan  swam.
Can Jak Jan save the princess.
<EOS>
This documentary was filmed and shows 5 of Dolly s most avid fans.
They follow her career.
Dolly Parton s upbeat attitude  sense  and great talent allow her to inspire fans across the country.
The film is made up  footage of daily life  trips to Dolly concerts  and pilgrimages to Dollywood  the Dolly Parton theme park.
The film documents the ways.
Dolly s fans exhibit not only their adoration  but also their need to be close to her  literally following her career as they travel to as many venues where she makes appearances as possible.
That fandom can give meaning to some people s lives.
It can also overwhelm the lives.
<EOS>
The sun  Oa  is becoming a gateway for Krona  an evil anti-matter alien tyrant.
Once sought to destroy all life.
The Guardians of the Universe decide to evacuate Oa of all valuables  such as the Central Battery.
Green Lantern Corps rookie Arisia Rrab converses and expresses her selfdoubts as the newest Green Lantern.
The Battery is taken away.
Hal tells her the story of the first Green Lantern  Avra  a scribe to the Guardians  is chosen by one of the first four power rings despite having no skill as a warrior.
Avra and the other three original Green Lanterns are sent to stop a nation.
One is killed and  with defeat at hand  Avra uses his willpower and imagination as a writer to continue the battle.
He creates the first construct.
Is used to decimate the alien war crafts.
Taking Avra s lead the other two Lanterns also create shapes to win the fight.
Thanks the war is won.
The power to shape constructs is discovered.
Avra rises.
His ring is passed down.
It eventually becomes Abin Sur s.
Then Hal Jordan s.
Back  Hal and Arisia meet Kilowog  the head trainer of the Green Lantern Corps.
He antagonizes Arisia and reminds her.
She still has boot camp.
Hal tells Arisia not to fear Kilowog and relates the story.
Sgt.
Deegan trains a rookie Kilowog and others.
Kilowog confronts Deegan and accuses him and having no value for the lives of his trainees.
Sgt.
Deegan is then called to act.
When a nearby planet comes.
Deegan purposefully drops Kilowog s ring.
Deegan orders deals.
The rookies to protect the refugees.
Kilowog catches up  Sgt.
Deegan is mortally wounded.
Kilowog destroys the army and goes.
Deegan tells Kilowog.
He never would have let his rookies die and that he did what was best.
He passes superiority.
Who then takes up completing the mission.
Hal and Arisia arrive and await Krona s return.
Arisia meets   Laira is sent on her first solo mission to her homeworld to deal with charges.
A Lantern named Laira and Hal shares her story.
Her people are attacking other nations unprovoked.
Standing  Laira quickly defeats her father s mistress and her belittling brother.
But she is saddened to learn.
When she faces her father.
The recent war crimes were his own decision.
He has been driven by the loss of honor.
Laira s ring chose her and not him.
Laira is ultimately able to defeat her father.
Who admits she has truly earned her adulthood.
He then commits ritual suicide to maintain his honor.
Back  every Lantern has been called to await Krona s return.
The only absent Lantern noted.
Is Mogo.
Hal explains  Bolphunga the Unrelenting seeks to fight and destroy all the most powerful warriors and is told.
Who Mogo is and why he is not present.
He will never defeat the Green Lantern Mogo.
Bolphunga s computer contains no stats except his whereabouts on a mysterious green planet.
There Bolphunga spends weeks tracking Mogo s power signatures but never finds the elusive Lantern.
Bolphunga sets explosives but is horrified.
When the planet extinguishes all the bombs.
Mogo is revealed to be the entire planet.
Hal and Arisia are attacked by Krona s Shadow Demons and rescued by Sinestro.
Sinestro then speaks and relates a story of Abin Sur and the Lantern view on destiny  Hal Jordan s predecessor Abin Sur fights Atrocitus  an alien criminal speaking dark prophecies.
Oa will be destroyed.
Abin Sur is assisted in capturing the alien.
Sinestro and Abin Sur then have a conversation relating.
Atrocitus spoke and Sinestro insists that he does not believe.
Parting ways  Abin Sur takes the criminal planet.
Where Atrocitus again speaks.
He also warns Abin.
Sinestro will rise and create his own lantern corps built on the power of fear.
Abin Sur however refuses to believe.
His friend would betray his Green Lantern duties.
Krona finally arrives.
All the Green Lanterns fight swarms  an enormous figure  rises from the sun.
Many Green Lanterns are killed.
All others fall back.
It is Arisia  an equal or greater amount will destroy him on contact.
Who devises a plan.
Krona is made then.
The Green Lanterns fall and push it at Krona.
Krona uses Shadow Demons to push back.
The Corps finds itself stymied.
However  Mogo the Living Planet arrives and uses its own mass and Lantern Power to assist his comrades.
Oa and Krona are forced.
Both are annihilated.
The prophecy is fulfilled  but Krona is destroyed.
The Corps is saved.
Mogo volunteers to be the Corps  temporary base.
They build a new Oa.
Arisia is honored into the Book of Oa for her heroic ingenuity.
She still has to report.
<EOS>
Wally Walrus tries to get some sleep.
Woody Woodpecker continually keeps Wally awake.
He falls into a basement.
When Woody himself goes to sleep.
Where Wally torments him.
<EOS>
Mahim Ghoshal is a conspiring manager.
Mahim takes an advantage.
Amar banerjee has 2 wives.
Amar Banerjee has two separate families.
Mamata feels insecure.
Mahim takes advantage.
He advised and influences Mamata to give him ransom  Mahim sends a killer.
That he may kill Sabitri and his own son Debnath.
Who brutually knives Sabitri.
The killer shoots and kills Sabitri s friend too.
Sabitri s son Debnath and his best friend Sibnath manage to escape.
But sadly the 3 children get separated.
Debnath becomes Deba Mastan.
Sibnath turns out to become Siba.
Rani becomes a torger and finds a sidekick.
Incidentally Sibnath was brought up.
Mahim Ghoshal pounces upon his mission of engulfing the Banerjee property.
He blackmails Mamata and coerces her to accept her.
Her daughter Tina to be married.
But Sibnath arrives to save Tina from getting married with the hoodlum.
Sibnath declares.
E. 
Tina s husband and begins his mission.
Mahim brings Debnath as a wild card and introduced his to Mamata as Sabitri s long lost son.
Mamata acceptrs Debnath.
Tina also gives consent.
But pears they constantly fight and combat each other.
Sibnath and Debnath do nt recognise each other.
But ultimately truth prevails.
The childhood mystery are revealed and.
Mahim Ghoshal reunite again.
<EOS>
Three construction workers discover an abandoned cave and are promptly attacked.
Afterwards  the population is turned into zombies.
The last remaining group attempt to survive.
<EOS>
A short-tempered  violent criminal named and joins a theater troupe to hide out  killing anyone.
The White Tiger is.
Who angers him or who suspects his identity.
One person is a cowardly laundry man named Mousy.
He unsuccessfully tries to kill several times.
Who manages to escape.
Mousy overcomes his cowardliness enough to seek revenge.
When a very close friend is killed by the White Tiger.
Mousy is washing the laundry with his bossy sister.
His sister scolds him and demands he wash the clothes in the family way.
This leads.
These abilities turn out to be related.
Mousy eventually uses the same laundry method to defeat White Tiger.
<EOS>
A private investigator on the fringes of society reluctantly investigates two murders - one present day  one thirty years old.
But - he ca nt continue to ignore the mounting evidence.
As detective Jack Spade encounters ancient French Quarter jewelers  shifty bayou drunks  rich uptown socialites  mysterious street prostitutes  exotic voodoo fortune tellers  corrupt police lieutenants and homicidal Mardi Gras jesters - none.
His father may have been involved.
Ultimately  the only way to discover the truth may be to unlock the secret of four identical paintings each depicting four playing cards - the three of diamonds  the king of clubs  the ace of hearts  and the jack of spades.
<EOS>
A monster stalks.
Los Angeles called a Syngenor takes refuge in the city s sewer system and then hits the streets at night in search of human spinal fluid.
<EOS>
Robert McNamara talks.
It can be influenced due.
The documentary not only explores the events.
Occurred. 
It also focuses.
How he arose to the significant politician who has achieved enormous power and who later became one of the most influential people in the world of politics.
Robert McNamara has worked John F.
Kennedy and Lyndon B.
Johnson  general Curtis LeMay  and had a direct access can provide the audience with a very enlightening philosophy and an overall outlook on American politics.
He has learned.
The documentary covers such important events.
McNamara witnessed himself.
McNamara is believed to be the architect  a war.
Cost an enormous number against a foe whose resolve he seriously underestimated.
McNamara s interview  along  offers a close look at international security and the international relations of the US  and an insight into and lessons.
Certain conflicts occur.
Can be learned.
<EOS>
Set.
Tamara Drewe  a young and attractive journalist  returns home.
Which she has inherited  and in which she grew up.
Locals are amazed.
She had a nose job while away.
Andy had been interested.
When she was a girl.
Now it is clear.
When he sees her.
He is attracted.
Across the valley is a neighbour s house.
Where authors stay to work.
The husband  Nicholas  a prolific crime novelist  keeps having affairs and lodging.
His wife stays.
He embarks on an affair with Tamara.
She finishes.
Andy has been asked to work on the house.
She can sell it.
He becomes aware.
Do two local schoolgirls who cause some havoc.
The teen Jody is infatuated.
Jody uses her wiles to lure him back.
When he leaves Ewedown.
Eventually her deceit is discovered.
She receives a hard dose.
Nicholas is killed in an accident.
Beth  the jilted housewife running the writers  retreat  is befriended and then loved.
She easily persuades him to remain.
The true love of Andy and Tamara brings them together  Tamara deciding to stay in Ewedown after all.
<EOS>
Chow plays a naive young kung fu student.
Who leaves his rural home to find his fortune in Hong Kong under the dubious guidance of his uncle  who cons him into using his natural skills as a snooker player for the uncle s financial gain.
The film also stars real world six-time world snooker finalist Jimmy White.
<EOS>
Barbara seem to have it all.
They re constantly bickering.
They make an effort to salvage their relationship.
When they discover they no longer can communicate even to argue.
But  they file for divorce.
Richard finds himself living and trying to survive on $.
30 a week.
His take-home income has been cut by high alimony.
Richard meets a recently divorced man  Nelson Downes.
Who introduces him.
Nelson wants to marry off Nancy to be free.
That he can marry his fiancee.
Nancy also wishes to marry.
She is lonely.
Nelson and Nancy plot to set up Barbara.
Richard can not now afford to be remarried.
Barbara begins a relationship.
One night all end up in the audience at a nightclub show.
A hypnotist puts Barbara and coaxes her into doing a mock striptease.
But  Barbara plants one  and just like.
When instructed to kiss her true love.
Their marriage problems are resolved.
Nelson  not to be deterred  immediately tries to get Nancy interested.
<EOS>
The story takes place to Switzerland.
The owner has been called up.
His shop has a key function.
His customers know.
Rationing can make the owner very rich if only he s egoistic enough to get corrupted by well-heeled customers who do nt care whether their poorer country fellowmen s families starve.
So  her character is subsequently.
When his wife Paulina starts to run the shop alone.
Who are concerned during the ongoing war.
Paulina shares the fate.
Who constantly face the fear her husband might return crippled  maimed or.
But  she gets somebody.
Her husband s shop is highly important.
Who can ease her working load.
She is also luckier.
She is still young and attractive.
So is the prisoner Stanislaus.
Who must serve her.
She obviously finds.
Him handsome and relishes that he has to obey all her commands.
So she decides.
She does nt need to be one.
She finds him very virile.
When she seduces him.
They sometimes celebrate their love even literally.
Finally a town s official informs her.
Her evident bliss leads other women.
Still she does nt let go.
The town official keeps.
Paulina keeps.
He is finally taken and sentenced to death.
Paulina is imprisoned.
Decades later her son and her grandson visit the still existing little town.
Order to confront the man who warned Paulina repeatedly but in the end let her go down.
The both are appalled.
He does nt hide.
<EOS>
Traxx decides to retire to a life of baking gourmet cookies.
Traxx decides to hire himself out and begins cleaning up Hadleyville  Texas of its lowlife street scum.
When he finds himself.
However  things do not go as smoothly.
He would have hoped.
Crime boss Aldo Palucci brings to get rid of Traxx in a showdown in the streets.
<EOS>
Ndoto Za Elibidi was devised originally.
The story pivots.
Its colorful protagonists - parents  four daughters and their lovers - come.
Cutting back and forth to documentary  from the original stage play to the actual locations  it takes us on two parallel journeys  we watch the story.
We are also watching it.
<EOS>
No copy survives.
The film would have told the story.
<EOS>
Early 18th century.
Cartographer Jonathan Green undertakes a scientific voyage.
Having passed and crossed the Carpathian Mountains  he finds himself in a small village lost in impassible woods.
Nothing could bring him to this cursed place.
People do not resemble any other people.
Who live here.
The traveler saw.
The villagers  having dug a deep moat to fend themselves  share a naive belief  failing to understand.
They could save themselves.
Evil has made its nest and is waiting for an opportunity to gush out upon the world.
<EOS>
A group fight to regain their freedom after being kidnapped by a white slave trader.
Attacked.
<EOS>
Kanimozhi  a doctor  is drawn to the Ravi because of his life-saving act and ultimately decides to marry him.
She overlooks Ravi s brutal past life.
When he had murdered many.
She loves him.
He appears quite satisfied.
Whenever he s driven.
Believing marries him.
She could change him.
Ravi looks and tells his wife.
The talks he had made him a complete man.
However his real self comes out.
When he hears.
Ravi s evil mind springs back as his urge to have sex with Amudha increases.
He gets close.
Ravi almost succeeds.
Amudha believe that he had the ` solution  to ` cure  her problem.
Is. 
How Amudha is saved and how Kani treats her sex-maniac husband.
What the script is all about.
<EOS>
The plot is set.
Where new medications are tested.
Andre Chang and Juliet Reid meet and soon discover.
Their lives are.
New Clip  Diagnosis  Death.
It is found.
The drug causes extremely disturbing hallucinations that point towards a horrific double murder that took place at the facility.
It is soon realised.
The only way to escape is to solve the mystery behind this horrific secret.
Diagnosis Death DVD Trailer Hits Eventually  they find out and covered it up.
The nurse murdered her sister and nephew in the facility.
Nurse Bates tries to kill Andre and Juliet.
Ghosts return and take vengeance  killing Bates by impaling her with a stool.
Andre and Juliet are later cured  despite the fact.
They were given placebos.
They then go off to take advantage.
They have been given.
<EOS>
Esther is a disillusioned and bitter nursing home resident.
Who shares much that they have both made.
Esther also hides a dark secret.
Michael has spent his life looking and now faces rejection from his fiancee s father.
Michael makes it his mission to improve the last years.
Aided  Michael searches for the elusive love of Esther s life.
But ironically it is Esther.
Does the greatest favour by vouching for him when he s accused of a murder in the nursing home.
<EOS>
Professor Mamlock  a respected Jewish surgeon  is certain.
The Weimar Republic would survive the political crisis.
He disapproves.
Who openly opposes the Nazis.
Mamlock loses his work and his dignity.
When Hitler rises.
Realizing the mistake  Mamlock commits suicide.
He made.
The film ends blending away from the screen  on than not wanting to fight.
Appears the inscription  there is no greater crime.
When fight one must.
<EOS>
A pregnant woman is treated after being bitten by a vampire.
The doctors mistake the wound.
They try to revive her.
She dies.
They deliver her baby boy.
The boy inherits the superhuman strength  regenerative healing factor  blood lust  and enhanced senses  but does not suffer their weaknesses  such as garlic or sunlight.
He grows up to be Blade  the vampire hunter.
Several years later  Blade locates a vampire rave club and kills most  including the vampire Quinn.
Who he pins and burns.
Blade escapes and the police take Quinn s body.
When police and fire crews arrive.
Quinn returns.
Dr Karen Jenson carries out an autopsy.
Blade rescues Jenson but is unable to prevent him from escaping due to police intervention.
Blade takes pity.
Who was bitten.
There  Blade and his mentor/weapons technician Abraham Whistler attempt to prevent Jenson.
The vampire elder  Dragonetti  discusses Blade s recent intensified attacks  and berates Deacon Frost for his recklessness in running the raves.
The established vampire leadership believes.
Vampires should try to co-exist rather than risk a full scale war.
However  the renegade faction led believes and harvest them like cattle.
Vampires should rule the humans outright.
Blade warns her.
When Jenson decides to go home.
She may still become a vampire.
She is attacked by a familiar - a human rescued by Blade.
Who serves vampires - and is.
They follow the familiar to a vampire library.
Blade and Jenson come.
Who reveals Frost s research.
They are ambushed.
Blade and Jenson explore.
They manage to escape  thanks.
Jenson offers to use her medical knowledge to cure Blade s need.
Frost overthrows the vampire hierarchy  killing Dragonetti and taking the other members.
Frost attacks.
When Blade leaves his hideout to obtain materials.
He abducts Jenson and has Whistler beaten and bitten  leaving him to turn.
He gives Whistler a gun.
When Blade returns.
He can kill himself.
Blade fights his way but is captured.
He is taken.
Where Frost intends to use Blade s blood and the sacrifice to resurrect La Magra and become the god s incarnation.
Frost then intends to use the powers to conquer the human race.
Frost throws Jenson.
She manages to escape.
The trapped Blade is drained.
The ritual begins.
The spirits are torn from their bodies to fuse with Frost  transforming him into La Magra.
Jenson frees Blade and allows him to feed.
Blade and Frost fight.
Frost is killed.
Jenson offers to continue working.
He refuses  telling her  so instead he asks her to make a better serum.
It would rob him and render him unable to hunt vampires.
<EOS>
He receives a letter calling him.
Bluto is busy.
Bluto is very reluctant to join in and pretends to be ill.
Popeye   is suspicious and sends a female robot.
Who works.
Bluto still refuses to join the Navy.
Though his trick works.
Disabled Bluto jumps out of the window  followed by Popeye.
Who tries to catch him.
They both crash deep  in fact so deep.
Satan himself asks them to leave Hell.
Satan is kicked.
Bluto and Popeye have climbed out.
Which they both disappear.
Bluto tries to flee  but is hit.
Is only interested and carries these away on a stretcher instead of Bluto.
Though he is knocked.
Bluto tries to get hit instead.
Again Popeye rescues him.
This angers Bluto so much.
He locks Popeye and then throws it away.
It crashes.
Where several Japanese spies are undercover  dressed.
Bluto drops by to inform him.
Popeye is being beaten.
His arms are bandaged and that he finally will be able to escape the draft.
He tries to help.
When Bluto sees that Popeye is.
Both men are knocked out.
Popeye grabs his spinach  eats it and gives some.
They are being ridiculed.
Both men defeat the Japanese.
Popeye s fist reaches so far.
He knocks.
The Emperor is hit so hard  It should happen.
He falls  and says.
Sure enough  the next scene cuts.
Who gives a speech.
O.
Hitler too is beaten so hard.
He loses his mustache.
A title card appears  asking  Is their a doctor.
Hermann Goring runs in and asks his Fuhrer melodramatically to speak.
He lies unconscious.
Hitler just says B.
O.
Again  whereupon Goebbels pulls his face away.
The cartoon concludes.
The imprisoned Japanese all spell his name  B-L-U-T-O  to the commercial for Jell-o from that time.
<EOS>
15-year-old Max sets off.
Who disappeared shortly.
He is waylaid and introduced to the delights of the amazing Fly Swatter Festival.
Saint-Hilaire turns out to be the private kingdom.
When Max finally gets there.
Infamous manufacturers  run by the degenerate Rodolfo.
Musical virtuoso Max makes a big impression  especially.
Who convinces Rodolfo to hire him.
<EOS>
This short showcases Pluto.
Pluto is a guard dog.
He s told.
There are saboteurs  and is assigned to guard a.
First  Pluto tries to follow marching orders  contorting himself.
Then  he engages.
Who are using a cannon to store and crack their nuts.
A war naturally ensues.
<EOS>
Paul Goodman Changed My Life is the first documentary feature best known for Growing Up Absurd.
The film tells Goodman s story  with extensive use of archival footage and personal photographs  as well as readings of his poetry and journals.
<EOS>
The only daughter is found dead.
A few days later  Nagamine gets.
An anonymous phone call giving him the names and address.
Nagamine finds a snuff video.
Which two young men rape and kill his daughter.
He waits to return home  and stabs him to death.
Nagamine then heads out to find the other youth in the video  writing a long letter to the police about  and his intention to do the same to the other murderer.
He killed the boy.
When he finds him.
He specifically cites the Japanese laws.
Fail to punish under-age criminals.
This letter also is sent  and is published in newspapers across the country.
Nagamine tracks down the murderer.
He touches a number of people with varying opinions about the validity of his quest  including the Tokyo policemen investigating his case  and a father-daughter family unit.
Who own an inn in which he takes refuge.
<EOS>
The kids are put in a corrupt state-run home.
When their mother dies.
Jack s teenage daughter Kelly escapes the abusive home.
Where she lives  and convinces Jack to pick up her younger brother Eddie.
Jack tries to dump them with their grandmother.
She is a gambler and a cheat  so the cops are  too.
He then takes the kids.
Where he plans to pull off a big heist that could set him up.
<EOS>
O Sertao das Memorias is a black-and-white film.
Tells the story.
Maria is the female reincarnation  representing the strength of the Sartanejo women.
She invites the Beatas.
Which they journey  witnessing social unrest among the population.
Maria meets the hero.
Whose history intermingles.
We witness the unfolding of Biblical prophecy.
Which Old Testament texts mingle.
The film aims to show.
People try to find strength when faced with the harsh realities of life.
<EOS>
Brigadier General Charles Lane  Master Sergeant Murphy Murph Savage and Corporal Chan Derby find themselves cut off.
The general takes.
Lane determines.
There is a gap and decides to organize a defense from whatever stragglers he can gather together.
He is killed saving Murph s life.
The first American soldier  Corporal Terry Sellers  mistakes Murph  giving him an idea.
Who shows up.
Recallng Lane s assessment  Murph masquerades  with Derby and Simone s reluctant help.
Leadership is desperately needed to rally the disorganized troops.
Murph manages to repulse a couple.
Who knows Murph and has a grudge.
Murph is knocked out by shrapnel  allowing him to die and resume his real identity with no one the wiser.
<EOS>
Joey Wellman  an American cartoonist  visits France with his partner Lena to attend an exhibition in Paris about the comic strip.
Features his work.
He also hopes to be reconciled.
Who has been a student  in flight from the American culture of which she sees her father as a typical example.
Elsie is naively infatuated  and is trying to secure an introduction to the brilliant university professor Christian Gauthier  an expert on Flaubert but also an enthusiast for comic books.
The meeting goes badly.
Elsie is persuaded to join Joey and Lena at the country house of Gauthier s mother  Isabelle.
All of the characters are made to reconsider their present and past relationships.
<EOS>
A doctor releases actress Georgia Hines.
Where she has been undergoing treatment.
Georgia attempts to return  but teenaged daughter Polly has moved in with her  close friends Jimmy and Toby come to her with a variety of problems.
Ex-Husband David Lowe wants her to star.
He has written.
Georgia s increasing stress leads  beginning with drinking in secret and ultimately resulting in her sitting at a bar.
Where she is picked up.
Polly s patience is by the time.
Georgia realizes what she is about to lose.
<EOS>
Onur   works.
Who has been deaf.
His father had left him and his mother.
When he was seven.
Onur has always blamed himself.
He has chosen to stay silent.
Being able to speak.
He meets Zeynep.
Who later finds out  but is not bothered by it.
She is forced and gets a job at a.
Having to speak to people  Zeynep finds peace with Onur.
She does nt know.
Who she communicates without speaking.
<EOS>
Carmen Brown is a seductive  aspiring actress she goes.
Who mistakenly causes trouble everywhere.
She gets involved.
Derek Hill   Caela.
Who is engaged.
Carmen gets into a fight with a jealous woman.
Hill s superior  Lieutenant Miller orders Hill to bring Carmen.
Carmen tries unsuccessfully to seduce Hill.
She convinces him to let her stop.
There  she puts and wins him over.
He is caught by Lieutenant Miller.
Who brings Caela as he arrests Hill.
Caela slaps Hill and tells him she hates him.
Hill can not stop thinking.
She writes him a letter.
He shares his obsession.
Carmen meets the famous rapper Blaze.
Hill is.
He wants to bring her  but succeeds only in bringing her best friends.
Carmen promises to meet them.
Hill is out.
Unfortunately  Hill is facing a year.
He gets out.
However   he punches him to Los Angeles.
He gets.
However  Carmen is unaware.
Things do nt go well.
Carmen ca nt find an acting job.
Hill s fugitive status prevents him.
She runs.
Who are being treated by Blaze.
The three have their tarot cards read by a psychic.
Rasheeda and Nikki receive favorable fortunes.
Carmen s cards read ruin  sorrow and death.
She decides.
It is time.
She goes and wins an invitation to be his date to his next concert.
Meanwhile  Miller is looking.
Porter gives him Hill and Carmen s address.
A radio  connected to a power point  falls into the bathtub.
Carmen had just left.
Carmen wonders.
That was meant to be her death.
Shortly afterwards  Carmen breaks up and moves in with her friends in a house apparently owned by Blaze.
She feels.
She should nt give up her life  even though he did for her.
Hill is devastated.
He also learns.
He is.
Miller wants to get rid.
Hill knows how crooked he is.
But Hill goes to Carmen to try to win her over again and make her leave.
Carmen does nt want to leave and tells Hill.
She is staying.
Miller is watching them and accidentally shoots Carmen twice with a silenced gun while aiming for Hill.
They are arguing.
Carmen is dying.
She ca nt talk.
When Hill keeps asking what was wrong.
He touches her back and sees blood running down his hand.
Sadly  Carmen dies.
He lays the dead body down and goes to fight Miller.
Hill and Miller have their last fight.
Ends. 
Rasheeda and Nikki find Carmen s dead body and are both shocked and devastated.
The story ends.
The film officially ends.
<EOS>
Sherry Conley is a model.
Who is.
She is offered a deal by U.
S.
Attorney Lloyd Hallett.
She will testify.
Hallett hides her under the protection of a squad of detectives led by Lt.
Vince Striker.
Where she stalls making a final decision while she enjoys expensive meals.
Willoughby  sparks begin to fly between cop and potential witness.
Costain finds out.
Where Conley is being kept.
She survives an assassination attempt.
When Striker kills the assailant.
Willoughby is shot and seriously injured.
Costain and his thugs grab Striker.
Who is revealed to be one.
Costain has learned.
Conley is being transferred.
He is told to leave.
A window unlocked.
Conley remains uncooperative.
After Hallett attempts to use her sister to persuade her.
Inadvertently  Striker almost reveals his duplicity.
A phone call.
Willoughby has died.
Conley   then agrees to testify.
Who shared a respect and friendship with Willoughby.
Striker   fails to dissuade her and reluctantly proceeds.
Who cares.
Hallett returns to escort Conley.
The killer strikes.
Talking  Hallett s banter brings a jumpy Striker to a breaking point.
She changes her clothes.
Striker abruptly kicks open her door and saves Conley  but.
The opened window tells Conley and Hallett.
He had set up her murder but changed his mind.
Conley takes the stand  giving her occupation as gang buster.
<EOS>
A spacefaring crew is preparing to return home after an extended voyage.
The crew includes humans and Centaurians.
The Centaurians have been rescued after a devastation  and are being brought back with the spacefaring explorers with an expectation.
They will be assimilated.
A theme is acceptance between the human crew and their Centaurian guests.
One is hijacked by a few of its Centaurian passengers and crash-lands on a prehistoric planet in the Solaris system.
Countermanding HQ orders  the rest returns to search for survivors after the crash.
By the time  they are encountering the descendants of the original crash survivors - explained in a simplified version of time dilation.
The rescuers are able to return.
Linda  a Centaurian  falls in love with Tang.
He saves her.
Tang and Linda are marooned on the prehistoric planet - the latter revealed to be the captain s own daughter.
This savage and primitive planet is revealed to be the Earth.
<EOS>
Valentine Snakeskin Xavier  a guitar-playing drifter  flees New Orleans to avoid arrest.
He finds work.
Whose vicious husband Jabe lies.
Both alcoholic nymphomaniac Carol Cutrere and simple housewife Vee Talbott set their sights.
Val succumbs.
Who plans to set him up.
Sheriff Talbott  a friend  threatens to kill Val.
He remains.
He chooses to stay.
When he discovers Lady is pregnant.
His decision sparks Jabe s jealousy and leads.
<EOS>
January 2011  a sudden bomb blast occurs  killing several people.
The scene shifts after exactly a year.
Where a blind man Kenny lays flowers and mourns someone s death during the bomb blast.
He is then given some secret details.
Kenny then takes a taxi driven.
Who is a comical Tamil guy.
He drops Kenny and waits.
Him to return.
But Kenny actually goes inside to kill someone.
He kills him and throws him down.
Seeing the corpse  Satyan flees.
Kenny is shown to produce a sound from his mouth  to find his way.
Is later shown.
Later Kenny is shown to play piano.
He is blind.
He has so many people who care.
Kenny carries out two more murders  taking the same taxi driven by the Innocent Satyan  following instructions from the mysterious woman.
Sarah Vinayagam  a British-born Indian girl  wins the Miss London title.
She goes like helping out there.
Order to build her social profile.
Initially Kenny does not like her.
Eventually they become friends.
Sara s father is a doctor.
Who supports Kenny as he is blind.
Police officer Veerakathi  a Eela Tamil  is the officer.
Veerakathi visits him and comes to know.
The autopsy take place under Sara s father.
Who is admitted there.
Verrakathi initially suspects Kenny  but is not convinced.
He is the murderer.
The police arrest him  suspecting.
Satyan is found.
He must be having a connection.
But Satyan manages to find a picture from a local newspaper and informs Veerakathi.
Satyan is released.
He meets Sara.
Both go to a place.
They reach there to see Kenny almost kill a guy named Victor.
But Kenny flees the scene and takes Satyan s taxi to escape.
He runs the taxi.
He is blind.
Later they are shown to be.
Sara and Satyan try to escape.
Where they see Geetha  who confronts Sara and Satyan  and reveals the real identity.
Kenny is actually a RAW agent.
Whose real name is Sivakumar.
He  along  complete various missions for the Indian government.
Siva and Sarath are very close friends.
Meantime Siva gets married.
Who is an Eye Doctor.
They both have same views.
One should first meet someone and then become friends and then fall and then get married.
But  they decide.
Their marriage happens.
They must first become friends.
They become closer become the complete pair.
Time goes.
Meenakshi decides to express her love.
Sharath handles a case.
Where an Indian Army secret goes missing.
Siva shows interest.
He goes to find an important clue.
Sarath is injured.
But Siva is shocked to find his plan go terribly wrong and is now chased  following a few incidents.
But now he finds a shocking truth.
It is shown.
Sarath is the mastermind.
He sells it  with some help from the London militants.
Siva finds this entire plot and asks Sarath to surrender.
But he later learns.
Meenakshi also has come.
So to save her  Siva abides.
He comes.
Where a sudden bomb blast occurs  killing Kenny and Meenakshi and Blinding Siva.
The actual wife is Geetha.
Who decides to take revenge.
She forms a team  and joins him in a School.
Where he learns Echolocation.
The rest deals with.
Geetha and Siva complete their mission.
<EOS>
A group travel to Lantau Island for a holiday in a vacation villa.
The place meets their expectations.
Strange things start happening.
They step.
One  Big Bully  has the ability to see ghosts and spirits.
He senses imminent danger.
He is found dead.
He can warn his friends.
The others are shocked and attempt to leave the place but the roads always lead back.
The neighbouring houses have disappeared mysteriously too.
They have no choice.
To spend the night.
Shortly later  their pagers start beeping.
They receive messages.
They are going to die.
The house seems to have a life and eventually the five of them are separated from each other  with four of them meeting their deaths at the hands of a charcoal demon.
The last one  Gabriel  encounters the spirit.
They try to unravel the mystery together.
Gabriel manages to survive the night.
She is apparently the sole survivor.
<EOS>
Left alone  geeky research scientist Yoon Seok-woo disposes.
His parents go abroad.
Includes a rotten apple.
The apple enters the food chain via recycled feed for cows.
Seok-woo and his date  Kim Yoo-min  end up eating the toxic beef  and soon they and the rest of the population become flesh-eating zombies.
Written and directed.
Original story.
Also starring Jo Yoon-hee and her family emerge.
Directed.
Written.
Original story.
Also starring Yoon Se-ah  Ryu Seung-soo and Lee.
<EOS>
Aishwarya is the daughter.
He does nt allow his daughter to go on a trip with friends.
She nonetheless goes.
She then meets a guide  Shakti.
Who takes the group to several places.
She hates him.
He uses every chance to get money.
But  she starts liking him.
When he saves her.
Afterwards  a few people d them earlier.
Who are chasing her finally find her and try to kill Shakti as he hurt.
Their plan fails and catches the main person.
Shakti turns out to be a Secret Agent and defends himself.
He forgives her and asks.
When Aishwarya goes back.
Whether she had taken a box in which there is a diamond.
He says.
When she replies.
It is more important.
Later   the diamond box falls off a basket.
When Shakti goes.
His mother brought on top of it.
They inform Mahadevaya.
Who asks them to immediately come with the box and Aishwarya.
Their travel is blocked.
Who is then defeated.
He then kills one more person.
Who tries to grab the box.
Then Mahadeva Raya and a Swami come and then the flashback is revealed.
It is said.
Mahadeva Rayaa father was a royal king who was extremely generous and had the blessings which gave him the power that whenever he touched the diamond  it used to shine brightly emitting light.
He reveals.
Only their family knows.
There is also a protector.
Who guards it.
His name is Rudra.
They must go to the shakti peta.
Where the protector will perform several spiritual rites which must be compulsorily performed.
An Egyptian king comes to destroy the shakti peta.
When he starts performing them.
Who knows.
The protector kills the king.
Who works.
He sought money.
He also steals a sword.
Is necessary to be performed.
His wife   delivers a baby boy.
When the protector is killed.
Whom Rudra gives.
The servant tries his best to save the boy.
Circumstances force him to throw the boy.
The boy is then found.
Who adopt him.
He sets out for revenge.
Shakti then goes.
Where he is presently the underworld don and a multimillionaire.
He kills Janaki and gets the sword.
Finally he goes to perform the rites but is stopped.
Who comes back and can not be defeated.
The swami then tells him.
The strong man can only be defeated.
He then kills him and performs the rites.
<EOS>
Gene Autry returns after a five-year absence as a singing cowboy with a group of strolling players.
Includes Smiley and Eightball  who sell Dr Parker s Painless Panacea.
Gene s father  a cattle barron and one  was recently murdered during a conflict with his landlord.
The group is held up.
Whom Gene recognizes.
Wounded and semi-delirious  Harry induces Gene to hide him.
The deputy later returns and tries to shoot Harry.
Gene chases him away.
The deputy reports to Barney Craven  leader of a gang.
Is trying.
Meanwhile  Gene and his friends set up a performance.
It is interrupted.
Who report that Harry is wanted.
Hastening  Gene confronts his former sweetheart Janet  now Harry s wife  and meets Janet s younger sister Jerry.
Whom he had only known.
They assure Gene and reveal.
Harry and Gene s father were about to sign a settlement.
Now suspicious  Gene captures Craven  the deputy  and their cohorts by a series of clever ruses  and thereby vindicates Harry.
Land them.
Gene and Jerry marry and join Smiley and Eightball.
Magers 2007  p.
.
<EOS>
Kimmy and Dora are identical twins.
Kimmy is the smart  dictatorial type.
Dora is the slow  dumb-wit sister.
Kimmy has always been jealous.
Johnson  the man she really likes  only has eyes.
All hell breaks loose.
When their father gets a heart attack and makes Dora the majority owner.
He dies.
Kimmy thinks and gets the help Harry.
This is unfair.
To take care.
A misunderstanding brings forth a plan to kill Dora.
They kidnapped Kimmy instead.
Now Kimmy must find a way to escape her captors.
Dora must act and control their company in order to hide the truth from their sick father.
<EOS>
Carter Webb is a young  soft-core porn writer living.
Whose young  starlet girlfriend Sofia breaks up.
Carter pleads to stay.
She leaves.
He sees his mother crying.
When Carter goes in order to reclaim an item.
She explains.
Her mentally unstable mother  Phyllis  claims that she is dying - though her doctor can not find anything fatal.
Carter s mother tells him.
She will be leaving to take care of Phyllis.
Carter offers to take his mother s place  explaining.
He wanted to get out and write a biographical story he has been working on for the past eleven years.
He ignores her and flies to Michigan.
Meanwhile  Paige and Lucy Hardwicke   are returning.
Who live.
Lucy s mother  Sarah  calls Lucy.
She hesitantly tells Lucy.
She has found a lump and is to see a doctor in the coming days.
Lucy  shocked  wants to come.
When she receives her results.
Sarah quickly refuses.
Outside  Carter finally arrives.
He knocks.
Phyllis  obviously forgetting her own grandson  slams the door.
She lets him inside.
Phyllis reveals.
She has been starving herself the past three weeks.
Carter sees.
All has gone stale.
Carter begins to clean up his grandmother s home.
A few brief phone calls.
Lucy   watches him.
When Carter takes out the trash.
Who is smoking.
He drops the trash.
Lucy begins to snicker  hearing her laughter  Carter turns.
She hides.
Sarah hears the noise and comes outside  and warmly introduces herself to Carter.
They have a brief talk.
Sarah goes back inside.
Lucy and Carter meet.
She asks Carter not to tell her parents.
She smokes.
He agrees  and takes a cigarette.
She leaves.
The next morning  Sarah arrives  bringing cookies and offering for him to walk with her.
They walk around the neighborhood  talking.
Carter eventually mentions Sofia  wondering.
Carter thinks  and decides.
It really was nt true love.
He explains.
He has written love letters  pouring out his affection in these epistles.
Carter believes.
The letters contain his best work.
She sees.
Carter is heartbroken and needs someone to take his mind.
She asks Lucy to ask Carter out.
Lucy bitterly refuses  calling it lame to ask someone out.
She does nt even know.
Sarah s husband agrees.
Sarah abruptly leaves the room  frustrated.
She goes  filling a small cup of medicine to subdue her pain.
Her husband follows her  trying to assuage the situation.
Lucy will apologize and ask Carter.
The next day  Carter decides to go.
He has flashbacks.
Running. 
He had.
It finally leads.
Carter runs and passes out.
When she utters the word goodbye once more.
He sees Lucy standing over him.
When he wakes up.
She gives him a ride home and then asks him out.
Carter tells her to ask her parents.
They would allow her to take him out  as they normally would not.
Lucy  confused  agrees  and goes back inside.
Shortly thereafter  Sarah invites Carter.
This time  she leads him.
She admits - at least not the way Carter loved Sofia.
Her husband is having an affair and that she does not love him.
They hug and leave to run errands together.
They share an awkward moment  Carter begins with the declaration.
Sarah s husband is out.
Sarah smiles  and dismisses.
What she has to say.
Eventually  the two deepen their friendship.
Later   they hug each other.
When she tells him she is sick.
Carter also goes.
He finds out.
Sofia has been dating Colin Farrell.
Afterward  Lucy brings Carter.
He was curious.
There she confesses.
She is sort  but that they have not kissed yet.
They also talk.
Who seems to be the opposite.
She also confesses.
She knows her father is having an affair  but believes her mother does not know.
She claims to be more upset than her father.
Her mother is cold and more interested.
Lucy later finds out.
Gabe could not wait and hooked up with her best friend.
She convinces Carter to come.
He is older and mysterious.
Gabe tries to fight Carter.
Eric steps.
Gabe is the one who screwed up.
Carter and Lucy share a kiss.
Sarah sees.
She tells Carter to leave Lucy alone and to never speak again.
Afterwards  he slips her a letter.
Lucy goes to see Carter.
Who tells her that he is not the guy and that if she thought about it  she would realize that she would know who he is.
Sarah gets her cancer treatments.
It is revealed.
Everything will be all right.
Sarah and Lucy talk and start to heal their relationship.
She stops to see Eric.
Lucy drives home.
Who she realizes is the guy Carter was referring.
Sarah finally reads Carter s letter.
Which  though similar  winds up being more of a thank you note.
Carter comes downstairs to find but does not immediately call the hospital.
His grandmother has died.
Instead  he goes outside and meets up with Sarah.
She apologizes.
They are able to end their friendship.
The story closes back in LA at the diner.
Where Sofia broke up.
He is writing  presumably a script.
He talks and seems to be getting on with his life without Sofia.
<EOS>
The story features Woo Viet.
Who wants to leave his country  Vietnam  behind and start over.
But he first must make his way.
There  he discovers.
Many are disappearing under mysterious circumstances.
He realizes  and has to leave immediately using a false passport instead of seeking asylum.
Woo tries to find out what is happening.
His life is.
He meets a beautiful woman  Cham Thanh.
Who then travels.
They discover.
When Woo and his new love stop over.
The females are conned to stay there to become prostitutes.
Woo Viet decides to stay in the Philippines to save his love.
However   Woo Viet is forced to work.
He is stranded.
<EOS>
Four siblings return home.
What they think.
Suddenly this unexpected family reunion extends uncomfortably.
She hangs on.
They find themselves trapped together and also their connection with each other.
<EOS>
The film is set and revolves around the lives of a Vallamkali fanatic named Kochu Kunju and his family.
Kochu Kunju is a member  is the kind.
Who cares.
He becomes a terror.
His family is forced to send him away.
That they can live.
He comes back.
When he hears  and vows not only to take revenge on the culprits.
Kochu Kunju challenges their rival family.
They will buy a new boat.
However  certain problems follows.
Kochu Kunju is forced to marry a wealthy girl and forget his childhood girlfriend.
He himself had to lead the boat.
However  the ultimate success is.
<EOS>
John Gray  the local policeman  owns Bobby the Westie  but allows a shy boy called Ewan to befriend his dog.
The dog will not leave the grave.
When Gray dies and is buried.
The Greyfriars gravedigger  James Brown  takes a liking  and gives him food and protection.
However  the passing threatens Bobby s very existence.
Ewan must do everything.
When it involves the Lord Provost.
<EOS>
Mario is a 10 year old autistic boy.
Who is mute and hard.
He has an 18 year old brother.
Whom he admires greatly.
One day  Simon becomes involved and  as a result  their relationship becomes strained.
Mario finds himself.
Who are always watching during the tourist season.
<EOS>
He Dashang is a middle-aged childless innkeeper trapped.
Sleepwalking  everything changes.
When he spies a black suitcase floating down the river.
Retrieving it  Dashang hopes to find his fortune  only to discover.
Its contents are dismembered human body parts.
Thrown  he attempts to hide the contents.
Things become even more complicated.
When a young couple  the sultry Lily  and her mousy husband arrive.
Soon mishap follows.
He Dashang finds himself.
<EOS>
Pinjra is the tragic story.
The ` cage  here is a metaphor.
The dancer dies.
She falls and is unable to save him.
The teacher prefers to die  rather than live as a man.
Who has lost respect.
This is a story.
Death frees them.
The film is a loose adaptation.
A Mastar named.
Shridhar pant is an upright school teacher  a man.
Unfortunately  the Maharashtrian village does not value these qualities.
Where he teaches.
A Tamasha group comes.
The lead dancer steals the heart of every man in the village.
The teacher is righteously infuriated.
He vents his anger.
The dancer is hurt and decides to take revenge by staying and performing.
Gradually  even adult school students start skipping class to see Tamasha.
The teacher decides to confront the dancer.
She is badly injured.
Guruji helps her.
He is overwhelmed by lust.
He had never before encountered.
Horrified he asks her to keep it a secret.
Later  the son   finds him visiting Chandrakala on a daily basis.
Who is.
He calls his father and all people to see.
They do nt find guruji there.
Guruji is deeply hurt.
He deceives the villagers.
Bajirao tries to frame guruji.
A villager is murdered.
Who tries to save guriji.
Who implicates Shridhar.
Chandrakala asks him to flee.
She also misguides villagers.
The murder victim was   guruji.
The dancer his gurufji.
Here  he learns to drink and chew tobacco.
The teacher is arrested.
The police investigation proceeds.
She has brought a good man  and is solely responsible for whatever happened.
She confesses.
Shridhar is the teacher and not a murderer.
The pious teacher tells her.
How people love his thoughts  his acts and how   they have built a statue of his.
He decides.
He should be punished.
Chandrakala loses her voice in the court.
Telling the truth.
The teacher is sentenced.
The dancer dies.
Listening. 
<EOS>
A neglected wife turns.
Who tells her.
<EOS>
An ancient Chinese scroll is stolen.
Teenage Don Pringle arrives simultaneously.
Pringle and his friends investigate the scroll s theft and discover.
Approximately half involves swimsuit-clad adolescents dancing on yachts in several different dance montages.
The parents is responsible -- also while attempting to woo a mysteriously depressed young woman Katrina Corelli from her vaguely threatening boyfriend Angelo.
The boys secretly return the scroll to the museum to the relief of the repentant parents.
<EOS>
Tessa is a nursing student.
She meets Cyril.
They soon fall together.
Tessa loves him and takes their relationship and living together seriously.
One day beats him up badly.
A guy misbehaves with Tessa and Cyril.
The guy tries to take revenge and searches for him.
Cyril goes.
Hedge arrives.
Then he asks her plainly Can.
I have sex.
He becomes violent and wants to kill Hegde.
When Cyril finds out what happened.
Tessa calms him.
She does not want to make the incident worse than it is  and instead just wants to get at the earliest.
Hegde visits her again to ask.
Tessa recovers.
He comes and ends up raping her.
Cyril is not around.
Tessa decides not to travel abroad and plans.
Cyril discusses the situation.
Who suggests killing Tessa.
Cyril traps her.
The police arrest Tessa.
She is imprisoned.
She finds Cyril simply walking away.
Tessa calls out.
Is when she realises Cyril set her up.
Cyril later relocates and runs a modeling agency.
Tessa meets Zubeida who is sentenced for murder.
Tessa realizes.
Cyril  a pimp  was cheating her along Hegde  a nymphomaniac.
Zubeida and Tessa bond well gives her the strength and courage needed for striking back on Cyril and Hegde.
Tessa kills Hegde by poisoning him with a cobra.
When the court sets her free.
Next  she arrives.
Pretending to be a model.
Later one night they meet.
Cyril recognizes her and becomes angry.
He beats her and verbally abuses her.
Because he knows she has a plan but thinks that she became a slut who does every ` adjustments  to flourish her career.
But his frustration dissolves.
He wants to enjoy her company.
He reminds her she is a mere woman.
But Tessa sedates him and penectomises him.
She tells him.
When he regains consciousness.
She has removed his male organ.
She taunts him so much to make him realise his faults and the gross wrongs.
Cyril finds himself and bound to his bed.
He committed.
But he does nt yield and does nt admit his life.
A pimp is a fault.
Then another twist happens.
She knows.
She is still.
She reminds him.
She has only lost someone who cheated  whereas he lost someone who genuinely loved him.
Now Cyril is stunned.
He is not even able to face Tessa.
Cyril recollects.
Her love was true.
His love was overshadowed.
He understands and admits his mistakes.
Then Tessa leaves him.
Any remains there.
Cyril corrects his concept and tells her  knowing.
She is the women and accepts her challenge.
He will confront her when he is ready.
He has to settle the score in terms of true love.
Tessa leaves and dismantles her cell phone and cuts farther contact with DK.
Who is after her to bed as a reward for his help in her plans.
<EOS>
The Manikyasseri family buried their maid  Ganga.
She became pregnant.
Her soul was exorcised.
Where she was buried.
One day a girl named.
The spirit enters her body.
The evil spirit comes to the Manikyasseri to take revenge.
<EOS>
This film is to go back through his past experiences with women.
He will have the perfect date.
Abbey would be the thirteenth women.
He has gone out.
He hopes.
She will be Lucky.
The story revolves.
What he did wrong  so as to not make the same mistakes with Abbey.
A recurring gag involves Zach throwing objects  representing his past affairs.
Zach makes changes to his appearance and demeanor  trying to emulate the advice he gets from his past girl friends.
Of which is contradictory.
Zach decides to ask Abbey to marry him -- a proposal of being an artist.
She turns down in order to move and pursue her dream.
Zach comes to realize.
He gains a new appreciation.
<EOS>
The cartoon begins.
Where we see many patients resting.
Porky soon checks.
He encounters a crazy cat patient.
Who introduces himself.
The cat decides to take an.
Porky tells him what s wrong.
Inside we see.
A hakf still lit.
The cat then sympathetically escorts Porky.
Where he throws him.
He bounces up off  his jacket comes off.
The gown goes on.
The cat then brags.
He rushes Porky.
Where we see him sharpening knives and cleaning a saw.
The cat then walks up.
Who is lying.
Porky sees.
What the cat is up  Hey.
He runs out.
Where the cat is hot.
Porky runs and slams the door.
The cat follows him.
Where he finds Porky lying.
Thinking  the cat lifts his gown to operate again.
He has the upper hand.
Suddenly he sees.
A sticker pasted Do Not Open till Xmas.
The cat confused looks and says Christmas.
<EOS>
Stewart Stew Smith  ace reporter  is assigned to get the story about the latest escapade of playboy Michael Schuyler  a breach of promise suit by chorus girl Gloria Golden.
Who has been paid to drop it.
He turns down a $ 50 bribe from Dexter Grayson  the Schuylers  lawyer  to not write anything.
He does pretend to be swayed.
Then brazenly calls his editor  appalling the Schuylers.
Stew returns he had taken from the Schuylers  library.
The butler  Smythe  tries to make him leave.
Anne sees him.
Stew surprises Anne.
Who had intended to use them to extort more money.
Anne offers Stew a $ 5000 check.
He refuses.
She asks.
He reported the suit  but not the love notes.
Stew explains.
One was news  the other  blackmail.
He later tells her.
He is writing a play.
Intrigued  Anne wonders.
She can turn him.
She invites him.
They fall.
Who looks down.
Michael takes it  telling Stew.
He s not as bad as everyone thinks.
The wedding is scooped  enraging his editor  Conroy.
Even more upset is Stew s best friend Gallagher  a sob sister columnist secretly pining.
Conroy taunts Stew.
Stew is upset by the implication.
He is no longer his own man  vowing not to live.
However  she cajoles him.
Gallagher substitutes with Stew.
When the Schuylers hold a reception.
Anne is surprised to learn and treats Gallagher icily.
Her husband s best friend is actually a lovely young woman.
Then  Bingy tells Stew.
The Tribune will give him a column if he signs it Anne Schuyler s husband.
Insulted  Stew punches Bingy.
When he calls him Cinderella Man.
The next morning  Mrs Schuyler is aghast to find.
Stew s brawl has made the front page.
Wrestling  Stew invites Gallagher and another friend  Hank from Joe s.
They arrive in tow.
Even Bingy shows up to apologize.
A raucous party ensues.
Meanwhile  Stew and Gallagher ponder the play  deciding to base it.
Anne  Mrs Schuyler  and Grayson return.
The party is.
Stew apologizes  but protests.
He can invite friends.
Anne replies  Your house.
He gives a homeless man his expensive garters.
Grayson stops by to say  whereupon Stew punches him.
Anne will pay him alimony.
Stew tells Gallagher.
The play could end.
Overwhelmed  Gallagher hugs him.
<EOS>
The philosopher Denis Diderot  one  is a guest at the rural castle of the Baron Holbach  and prints in hiding in the chapel his forbidden Encyclopedie  drowning the noise of the presses in Jewish assistant Abraham s organ playing.
Then arrives Therbouche  a flirtatious painter and intrigante -LCB- -LCB- ? -RCB-.
She has made a painting  and convinces him to be more daring and to pose for her in the nude  leading to an animated row with his wife Antoinette.
The scene is witnessed by a feared visitor  Baron Holbach s brother  the Cardinal.
Who is hunting.
Diderot s ideas keep changing about the article  morality.
He is working on.
<EOS>
Love is a game.
Who lies and cheats.
But  the tables are turned.
When he meets the sexy and unpredictable Chlo.
Ben falls head  and is astonished to find someone even more immoral.
He is.
Plot Summary Tagline  Infidelity.
<EOS>
Karan is a 13 year old orphan boy.
Who lives.
Karan has two dreams  one is to have parents.
The other is to be a big cricketer.
His inspiration is Kapil Dev.
He has been brought up by the orphanage caretaker  Bholu Dada who is a loving and a gentle old man.
Karan s best buddy is Daboo.
Who often lends his gentle ears.
His dreams take a turn.
When one day  he lays his hands  for him  the bat becomes a magic bat.
The coach of the Indian cricket team spots Karan and is highly impressed by his batting skill.
This happens.
When the Indian cricket team is going.
Karan and his magical bat are inducted as the opening batsman along with the captain  Varun.
Soon becomes the nation s heartthrob.
When the little boy marches and wins the match for India Karan.
He is now the most sought.
He was formerly rejected.
However  Raghav the orphanage bully hates him and feels.
If Karan did not have the magic bat he would have never made it.
Raghav now wants the magic bat.
Karan and Varun develop a strong emotional bond deeper.
Karan has no parents.
Varun has parents  but is estranged and does not want to accept him.
Karan strongly believes and succeeds.
Parents are the best gift endowed.
Events spiral out of control and Karan s magic bat is destroyed by Raghav.
Karan is a nervous wreck.
Varun makes.
Him realize that faith counts beyond anything else.
India wins the match.
Karan decides to stop playing and rejoin the team.
When he is older.
Varun and his girlfriend decide to adopt Karan.
<EOS>
FBI agent Gracie Hart has become a celebrity.
She infiltrated a beauty pageant.
Her fame results.
She is trying to prevent a bank heist.
To capitalize  the FBI decide to make Gracie the new face of the FBI  Gracie   agrees to the reassignment.
Who is hurt.
The movie flashes forwards ten months.
She begins appearing giving out fashion advice and promoting her book.
However   Gracie is prompted to return.
When Cheryl  Miss United States and Gracie s friend  and Stan Fields are kidnapped.
She goes undercover to try to rescue them  accompanied.
This puts her  and are unsure.
They are unwilling to lose their mascot.
She s still up.
<EOS>
A group lose $ 30000 to an addict and plot revenge by scheming to kidnap the addict s teenage brother.
Maverick Entertainment The plot drew comparisons.
Based by Jesse James Hollywood.
Kush takes place  but focuses on the drug dealer  the kidnapped teen is more a background character.
Who makes a terrible mistake.
The sympathetic characters are Dusty  the young but polished leader of the crew  and Christian  the drug dealer s son.
Who avoids trouble.
Who is trying to grow up too fast.
<EOS>
After five years of attacks by an alien race known as Gamilas  the Earth Defense Force launches a counter-offensive near Mars.
The fleet s weapons are no match.
Who easily wipe out much.
EDF captain Mamoru Kodai volunteers to use his damaged ship  the destroyer Yukikaze  as a shield to cover Captain Jyuzo Okita s ship  allowing his escape.
Mamoru s ship is destroyed.
Mamoru s brother Susumu is scavenging on the irradiated surface.
When an object impacts and knocks him unconscious.
He awakens to find an alien message capsule.
Susumu also notices.
The radiation has been reduced around him.
He is rescued.
It is discovered.
The capsule contains engineering schematics and coordinates for the planet from which it came.
What happened.
Crewmember Yuki Mori violently stops him.
Okita believes.
The hope lies within Iskandar.
A request is sent out.
Kodai - a former EDF pilot - decides to.
Their last battleship  the Yamato  is enhanced.
The Gamilas attack.
The Yamato can launch.
Captain Okita gives the order to fire the yet-untested Wave Motion Cannon.
Successfully destroys the incoming missile.
Kodai is reunited.
Yuki   is bitter.
Who joined the EDF years ago.
The Yamato crew performs their first warp test and encounters more Gamilas ships.
The crew has to wait.
The Wave Motion Cannon is powered.
The engine recharges before they can warp again.
The Yamato destroys the alien capital ships  but the battle damages Yuki s fighter.
Kodai launches to rescue her and is sent.
Shima  Kodai s former squad-mate  tells Yuki and also Shima s wife.
Kodai left the service because he accidentally caused the death.
The Yamato crew finds a Gamilas fighter adrift and recovers it to study.
The alien pilot is still alive and possesses Commando Team Leader Hajime Saito.
Order to communicate.
The alien calls himself Dessler and says.
The Gamilas are a race.
Kodai stuns the possessed Saito.
The alien apparently is destroyed.
Later  an ailing Captain Okita makes Kodai the.
The crew discovers.
The captured Gamilas fighter contains a homing beacon  giving away their position.
The Yamato fires its Wave Motion Cannon to destroy a Gamilas ship.
A stealth Gamilas spacecraft latches on the bottom of the hull.
Kodai reluctantly orders Yuki   to blast the third bridge support away moments.
It detonates  saving the Yamato.
Kodai apologizes for ordering her to doom their.
They have an intimate moment.
The ship warps again.
The Yamato arrives  but is met by a large Gamilas fleet.
Sends a spacecraft to obstruct the nose.
Kodai makes the dangerous choice and ends up at the opposite side of Iskandar.
Their main weapon disabled.
They are surprised to see.
It is lifeless.
It is then discovered.
Gamilas and Iskandar are the same planet.
The crew thinks.
It is a trap.
Kodai urges them to go ahead.
He leads an attack party.
Much is killed.
The remaining pilots stay behind to cover.
They head.
An alien possesses Yuki s body and explains.
They reach the coordinates.
The Gamilas and Iskandar are two aspects.
The alien says.
Their planet is dying.
They saw Earth  after first killing off humanity.
Iskandar did not agree and was imprisoned.
Iskandar implants with the ability to clean the radiation from Earth.
Saito and Sanada sacrifice themselves.
She and Kodai return.
The Yamato returns.
Where Okita dies.
The crew rejoices.
A surviving Gamilas ship ambushes them and severely damages the warship.
Dessler now appears and says  however   he intends to destroy the planet.
They no longer wish to invade the Earth.
The majority were killed.
Kodai orders pilots the Yamato against Dessler s ship.
The surviving crew to abandon ship.
He fires the blocked Wave Motion Cannon.
Destroys both spaceships.
The ending shows Yuki standing  implied to be Kodai s son  on the Earth s surface now restored to its original state.
<EOS>
The setting is the American West  late 19th century.
A gang is off to rob a small-town bank.
Graham is having second thoughts  he s had a nightmare.
Which the gang was wiped out.
Worse  Graham s horse broke down.
The gang members have to get another.
They try.
Amanda  suspicious  denies having a horse.
Graham checks out the barn and finds a horse.
Still afraid  he lies to his men and agrees to wait three hours at the ranch for their return.
It turns out  he wants to force himself.
He has another reason.
Amanda resists rather inventively  simply lies still  fully clothed.
This frustrates Graham.
Who decides.
He pretends  hoping to play.
He is impotent.
The deception works.
They make love three times.
Graham and Amanda have a long  thoughtful discussion talking of their past lives  as well as their hopes and ambitions.
They even dance  with Graham wearing Mr Starbuck s old tuxedo.
A neighbor boy stops by to tell Amanda.
The bank robbers were caught and were going to be hanged in town that afternoon.
She thinks.
Graham should ride out and help them.
Graham thinks.
This is a way to be able to stay with her and get away from the gang.
He decides to play along and rides out  intending only to have a long nap.
But this is shattered.
When the posse rides  spotting Graham and giving chase.
Graham eludes them  and steals his horse and wagon.
When he comes.
The unfortunate Dr Finger is taken and shot dead.
The posse  recognizing Mr Starbuck s horse and tux  bring the body back.
Amanda  seeing is Graham s body faints.
What she thinks.
But Graham does not get away clean  it turns out.
Dr Finger was a quack.
The first person Graham encounters.
His escape was one.
He is put on a year-long sentence for Dr Finger s crimes.
Amanda is ostracized by the townspeople.
But  they see a remarkable story.
An impassioned speech proclaiming her true love for him does a remarkable trick  the townspeople not only forgive her.
This story forms the basis.
Spawns a popular book  dime novels  a stage play  and even a popular song.
The legend becomes bigger than the reality of the two.
It makes Amanda a wealthy woman.
Graham   is amused.
Who reads the book while.
Graham is described  he is  in fact  none of these.
He is eager to renew his relationship with Amanda.
A disguised Graham takes one of her ranch  and stays behind  intending to reveal himself.
Amanda does not recognize him and becomes frightened.
When he does so.
It is only.
When Graham shows her something that s not that Amanda believes him.
But  Amanda is confused and worried.
The legend would be done for.
Word got out that Graham was alive.
Even Graham s suggestion is no good    the legend would still be destroyed.
He live.
Amanda were to live.
The encounter ends up.
She decides to shoot herself.
Graham is heartbroken.
Not only has he lost Amanda  the secret is lost for good.
He tries to forget.
What has happened.
There are reminders everywhere.
He hears their song  and walks in on a stage production of From Noon Till Three.
Worse  people laugh.
He knew slightly.
When he says he is Graham  since he looks nothing.
He is arrested and put in an insane asylum.
Where he meets the only people who believe him  his fellow inmates.
He seems relieved.
<EOS>
The film pivots.
Resists the occupation by Nazi Germany.
The film opens  with the Norwegian flag flying high over the Nazi outpost but finds almost everyone in town dead.
The question.
The town overcame the German army.
The local doctor  Martin Stensgard  and his wife want to hold and ignore the occupiers.
The doctor would also prefer to stay neutral  but is torn.
Kaspar Togersen  his brother-in-law  the wealthy owner  collaborates with the Nazis.
The doctor s daughter  Karen  is involved.
Johann  the doctor s son  has just returned having been sent down from the university but is soon influenced by his Nazi-sympathizer uncle.
Captain Koenig  the young German commandant  a growing fear of a local uprising.
Whose fanatic determination to do everything about the invincibility of the Third Reich hides.
A secondary love story  concerns a German sergeant and the innkeeper/lead female resistance fighter.
A pivotal event forces the doctor to choose sides.
Leads. 
Edge.
<EOS>
The storyline tells and found himself in Africa.
He kept  but also love to his native street Lizyukova in Voronezh.
<EOS>
Laurette Wilder is a poor girl.
Who falls with Luke Constable III  the grandson of a rich farmer who has been crippled in an automobile accident.
Who sees the girl.
The senior Mr Constable  however  goes out.
Quickly causes a rift.
Laurette encourages Luke to break away from his grandfather and relinquish his rights to the family fortune.
Struggling  Luke contemplates murdering Mr Constable.
He ca nt bring himself to do it.
Laurette comes home  finds Luke drunk and brandishing a gun  and goads him.
Panicked  he decides to take his wife and burn her body.
<EOS>
Struggling to survive the murderous gang wars  Tan Tung  a young martial arts street fighter  successfully takes on all challengers.
He runs up.
Escaping  he again tangles with criminal gangs.
This time fights his way.
His rise to power leads to a final  murderous  gang-land war for control of all Chinatown.
And  Tan Tung must decide.
Whether he will use his awesome skills to fight  or for to help his best friend Yang Ching.
<EOS>
A wealthy industrialist is killed.
The industrialist s daughter Varsha slowly starts to unravel the truth  she is quickly disposed off to an asylum.
Varsha escapes with the help of a man named Raja.
Now  Varsha and Raja together start to bring the villains to justice.
The film also deals with product Adulteration and injustice in society.
<EOS>
Romeo lives a privileged life with his widowed mother.
He receives considerable assistance and encouragement to dance and sing.
He meets and is attracted.
Who is also his fan.
His mother meets.
Both arrange their wedding.
Then Romeo finds out  and then getting them killed.
Raj Mohan has been stealing body parts  especially kidneys.
He meets and warns him.
He is going to expose him publicly.
Taken. 
He could that Romeo is shot.
Thrown off.
His friend  Prakash  is blamed.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
The central character is a woman  played.
Raised with a wimp of a father and a philandering mother  she hurtles from one disastrous affair to another.
She has denegerated.
The movie begins.
Into her life enter two radically different men.
One is her boss.
Who owns the advertising agency that she works.
He is a prototype.
Kamal Hassan   is an early version of the metrosexual male.
Who has come from Coimbatore to make a documentary on women.
Sensitive and sincere  he believes.
His job has a purpose and is both shocked and amused.
Sripriya has been drafted to assist Kamal Hassan in his documentary.
The movie begins.
Kamal starts understanding the complex personality.
Kamal and Sripriya start working together.
He recounts these.
The latter keeps warning him to not get too involved.
Women should be enjoyed  not analysed.
He states famously.
Inevitably  Kamal Hassan falls.
But Sripriya incurs the wrath.
She seems to have a change and starts courting Rajnikanth.
When it seems that she is about to lose her job.
Kamal Hassan is devastated to see.
She has turned out to be just the sort that Rajnikanth said she was - opportunistic  money-minded and fickle.
The truth finally emerges.
Sripriya was merely baiting Rajnikanth to teach him a lesson.
It comes too late.
Who has already married a small town girl identified.
A final discussion  What do you think of women s liberation.
Saritha replies  Oh  I do nt know anything.
Sripriya replies.
You are happy.
The film ends.
The car carrying Rajnikanth and the married couple pulls away.
A voice-over says  She died today.
She will be reborn tomorrow.
She will die again.
She will be reborn again.
That s.
She is.
<EOS>
Primo runs a cheese factory.
One morning he witnesses his son kidnapped.
He has two problems  paying the ransom the terrorists demand and trying to save his factory.
The film progresses.
Might face bankruptcy.
What s a businessman to do.
<EOS>
A very pregnant Francesca travels from Los Angeles to Minnesota to meet her late husband s mother  Mrs Kinsolving.
Whom she has never met before.
Mrs Kinsolving is cold.
Whether she is actually pregnant  and tells Francesca she wants nothing to do with her or her baby in the future.
It soon becomes clear.
Francesca can not leave that night as a blizzard has made the roads impassable.
Francesca is forced to stay for a few days.
She soon begins to suspect.
Something is amiss due between what her late husband told her and Mrs Kinsolving s statements to her.
Mrs Kinsolving claims.
Matthew never mentioned he had a sister.
Non-Verbal Kathleen is Matthew s sister.
Francesca sneaks around and discovers.
Mrs Kinsolving retires.
Matthew s mother died eleven days after Matthew was killed  that Mrs Kinsolving is actually Maria s sister  Katherine  who is Kathleen s mother and the mother of Kenny  a serial rapist and murderer who is hiding somewhere in the Kinsolving mansion.
Francesca goes.
Mrs Kinsolving refuses to call.
She sedates Francesca heavily.
Mrs Kinsolving announces and hands the baby over to bury.
When the baby is born.
It is dead.
That night  Kathleen rouses Francesca and takes her.
Where she finds Kathleen has hidden her baby.
The baby is very much alive.
Mrs Kinsolving  suspecting Francesca is sneaking  locks her in her room.
Kathleen is able to locate the key and unlocks it  allowing Fracesca to care for her baby.
One night  Francesca secretly spies the unsuspecting Kenny.
Who is hiding.
She overhears his conversation.
It is menacing.
Meanwhile  Mrs Kinsolving discovers.
The family bible has been opened.
Mrs Kinsolving informs Kenny.
Francesca knows Maria is dead  but does not think she is aware that Kenny is hiding.
The next morning  Mrs Kinsolving announces.
The blizzard has cleared enough to take Francesca into town to take the bus back to Los Angeles.
The driver arrives.
It is Kenny.
Francesca quickly tells Mrs Kinsolving.
She needs to retrieve them.
Instead she gets her baby  hides the baby under her coat and flees the mansion.
However  Mrs Kinsolving spots Francesca running away and yells to get her.
He takes chase and Kathleen notices.
Francesca sees.
Kenny is quickly gaining ground.
She darts to elude him.
He locates her  they struggle.
He knocks Francesca unconscious.
The baby slips.
Kenny smiles sadistically and covers the crying baby s face.
Suddenly  Kathleen sneaks up and stabs him in the back with a pair of scissors.
The film ends.
Help arrives.
<EOS>
The Secret  described  uses a documentary format to present the Law of Attraction.
The Law posits.
Described. 
Feelings and thoughts can attract events  feelings  and experiences  to interactions among individuals in their physical  emotional  and professional affairs.
The film also suggests.
There has been a strong tendency to keep this central principle hidden from the public.
<EOS>
Hum Se Na Takrana is an action film starring Dharmendra and Mithun Chakraborty.
The Story shows a young former losing all his land.
<EOS>
Sang-hoon is a foul-mouthed and violent gangster working.
He is first seen attacking protestors.
Who are disrupting the work with the other members of the organisation.
Sang-hoon has a nephew .
Whom he adores.
His sister cares about him also  even inviting him.
Hyung-in is and avoids her.
It is revealed.
When he was a kid  his abusive father once had a quarrel and stabbed his sister by accident.
His mother was then hit.
It is implied.
His father has remarried.
One day   he accidentally spits on a high school student  Han.
She demands.
He do something to make up.
They get.
He hits her  knocking her unconscious.
She realises and has wiped her clothes clean.
When she wakes up.
Sang-hoon was waiting to awake.
Undaunted  she demands compensation from him.
He is intrigued.
They form a tenuous friendship.
They have trouble paying the rent.
Sang-hoon believes that Yeon-hee comes.
Her father is a war veteran.
Who has delusions that Yeon-hee s mother is still alive.
Both her father and brother  Han Young-jae  frequently threaten and abuse her.
Young-jae is recruited to work as a debt collector for.
He accompanies Sang-hoon and his friend on their rounds.
He is hesitant.
Sang-hoon berates him.
One day  - recently released for killing Sang-hoon s sister with a knife - his father has already cut his own wrists.
Sang-hoon visits his father.
It is then.
He realises how much he still loves his father.
That same day  Yeon-hee s father is even more paranoid and threatens her.
Sang-hoon and Yeon-hee meet up.
Sang-hoon tells Man-shik and invites him to meet Yeon-hee  his sister and.
It will be his last day.
Man-shik also decides.
He has had enough and wants to open a gogi gui restaurant.
He is doing the rounds with.
Young-jae beats a debtor.
The debtor responds.
Blood starts to flow out.
Sang-hoon walks away.
He asks.
Young-jae attacks him  and leaves him dying by the road.
It is strongly suggested.
Sang-hoon died.
Yeon-hee  Hyung-in  Sang-hoon s sister and father enjoy dinner together.
Yeon-hee sees her brother destroying a street-side food stall like her late mother s.
<EOS>
Hollywood studio mogul Joe Mulholland vows to produce the pet project.
Who has been trying to find a way to make a film out.
He and screenwriter Herb Derman try to make it happen  but fail.
Meanwhile  Herb is distracted.
<EOS>
Stanley Ford is a successful  happily unmarried cartoonist enjoying the comforts  including the services of his loyal and attentive valet  Charles Firbank.
Stanley s comic strip  Bash Brannigan  is a secret-agent thriller characterized  no matter  Stanley will not allow Brannigan to do anything physically impossible or use gadgets.
Outrageous the plot may seem.
Do nt exist.
He hires actors and sets up elaborate enactments  playing Brannigan himself.
Charles takes photographs Stanley will use.
Stanley becomes very drunk and proposes.
Attending a bachelor party.
Who steps out.
An equally drunken judge performs an impromptu wedding ceremony.
The next morning  Stanley wakes up  lying naked in bed next to him.
He asks his lawyer Harold Lampson to arrange a divorce.
Lampson informs him.
This is impossible.
Stanley s new bride is cheerful  affectionate  and sexy.
She does not speak English.
To learn the language  she spends time.
Who speaks Italian.
Unfortunately   she also learns Edna s overbearing ways.
Meanwhile  Charles   takes a new job.
Who has a policy.
Who was jilted.
Stanley s bathroom fills with beauty products and lingerie.
Stanley is kept awake.
His wife watches to learn English.
To make matters worse  her high-calorie Italian cuisine causes his weight to balloon.
She informs him.
Her mother will come to live with them.
Adjusting  Stanley changes his Bash Brannigan cartoon from the exploits of a secret agent to a household comedy  The Brannigans  again drawing from his real life.
The strip turns Bash and is wildly successful.
However  Mrs Ford continues to intrude.
Increasingly irritated  Stanley calls a meeting of his associates at his all-male health club.
She telephones Mrs Ford and arouses her suspicions.
When Edna learns.
Mrs Ford then sneaks  with the result.
Stanley is banned for violating its no women policy.
Feeling a need to vent his frustrations  Stanley concocts a plot.
He enacts the events before drawing the strip.
He uses a department-store mannequin for the burial.
Mrs Ford sees the cartoon describing Stanley s murder plan  realizes  and leaves.
Her husband does not want her.
The police conclude.
Stanley actually murdered his wife.
Stanley is arrested and charged.
His cartoons are used at the subsequent trial.
Stanley takes up his own defense and pleads justifiable homicide  appealing regarding their own wives  and is acquitted.
When the trial appears to be headed.
Stanley finds his wife.
When he goes home.
He has come to appreciate her.
They are reconciled.
He puts her wedding ring back.
Meanwhile  Charles meets Mrs Ford s attractive mother.
Who   has a space between her front teeth.
The film ends.
Charles closes the door so they can share an amorous moment alone.
The comic strip art was credited to Mel Keefer.
Who drew strips.
Alex Toth did a teaser comic.
Ran for ten days to promote the film.
<EOS>
Aema is a bored housewife married.
She begins an affair  a business associate of her husband s.
Her husband suspects and begins tormenting Aema   to protect a business deal.
Not letting on that he knows.
Aema leaves her husband  but is persuaded to return.
<EOS>
Barbarian hordes had invaded.
The border towns were overrun.
The call went out to join the army.
Hua Mulan returned home.
Her frail father had been summoned.
Her brother was too young to enlist.
She volunteered to take her father s place.
Her parents rejected the idea.
Determined to convince her father  she conspired.
Dressed  she sparred with her father and defeated him.
Both astonished and impressed  he gave her his blessings to join the army.
She joined the ranks of army recruits and managed to impress the General in the recruits martial trials.
She rose through the ranks and attained the status of general.
She became fast friends with the group of recruits and General Li.
She was.
The war eventually drew with an ambush and capture of the barbarian king.
The Commanding General threw a celebratory feast   he drew Mulan aside to discuss a matter with her.
Which. 
He was especially impressed and wished to bethroth his daughter to Mulan.
Unable to reveal the truth and reluctant to refuse him outright for fear of offending him  Mulan dodged the issue by pretending to be feeling weak from her wound received in the last battle.
A few days later  having officially resigned her post  she took leave and returned home with her cousin.
The Commanding General  however  had not forgotten the proposal and was determined to have Mulan and served in the government.
He sent General Li bearing wedding gifts to her home.
They were shocked and astonished to find.
When they arrived.
Their courageous and heroic comrade turned out to be a lady.
General Li agreed to explain on Mulan s behalf.
He exchanged bethrothal tokens  exhorting her to wait for him.
He left.
<EOS>
Future  soft drugs are legalized  countries appeared.
An assault group breaks apart because of his conflict with Skif.
Five years later Lisa left Skif and is married.
Russia  the Asian Union and the Latin States watch closely.
A state causes an emergency beacon to start to operate.
Now the other countries can possibly locate this base.
To prevent this assembles his former group.
Spam is jailed  Luba works in that same prison as a warden  Festival is engaged in commerce of banned drugs  Pai works in a casino  Skif ruins himself with drink.
Together they depart to penetrate the base and stop the emergency beacon.
<EOS>
Morris Lessmore sits.
Suddenly a hurricane strikes  blowing Morris s writing out and blowing him off the balcony.
The hurricane blows away the buildings.
Morris frantically grabs.
Morris finds.
The city and its residents devastated.
He walks.
There he sees a woman fly past  magically suspended.
She is holding.
She sends one down to Morris.
The book s pages flip back and forth to animate an illustration.
Who urges Morris to follow him.
The flying book takes Morris.
Where other flying books live.
Morris finds no humans there  but notices several portraits.
Of which is the woman he had seen.
Morris then becomes the proprietor.
He takes care  even saving the life of an early French edition of Jules Verne s From the Earth to the Moon.
It suffers a catastrophic injury falling.
The large book is the same title  its inclusion may reference the studio s name Moonbot.
Which Morris sleeps.
The library also includes Moon globes.
The Moon is featured prominently in a window.
He also gives out books.
Who visit the library.
Eventually Morris begins to rewrite his memoir  sharing passages.
Who gather around him opposite the library.
Years later Morris  now an old man  finally completes the book.
Satisfied  he closes the book and heads for the door.
The flying books swirl becomes young again.
He then flies away  carried.
His book   becomes a flying book  and returns to the library.
He departs.
Had earlier been a regular book.
Just then  a young girl arrives.
She sits down and begins to read Morris s book.
The flying books gather around.
The final scene shows.
Morris s portrait added in the library.
<EOS>
Shin Jin-ah  onetime lead singer  works.
The DJ show Wonderful Radio on SBS station Power FM while also trying to restart her career as a solo singer-composer under her goofy manager Cha.
However  the ratings have been dropping  so  station manager Im assigns the ambitious Lee.
When the show s producer leaves to have a baby.
Jae-hyeok is appalled.
Do nt hit it off.
She finally gets an idea.
When he challenges her to come up.
Which members come into the studio and sing a song to their loved ones.
She calls the segment The Song I Sing.
The initial broadcast  involving a serving soldier  goes disastrously.
Subsequent attempts   are a big success.
Jin-ah and Jae-hyeok start.
However  In-seok  the manager  is plotting to bring Jin-ah down and replace her with.
Who still hates.
<EOS>
The film starts  I hope.
God will bring peace  and let the peoples live together - a good life.
I hope.
There will be peace.
Historian Ilan Pappe talks.
David Ben-Gurion and the Haganah leaders worked out during autumn 1947 to spring.
Pappe discusses the details  and.
Was it carried out.
The Israeli army entered Eilaboun at approximately 5 AM.
They then forced the villagers together.
They chose seventeen young men.
Five were taken as human shield.
The rest were killed  each in a different location.
This all happened to Lebanon.
Where they became refugees to Lebanon.
Keeper observed and reported.
Israel was forced to allow the people back.
The official Website.
<EOS>
Set  Richard Hudson is a shrewd car dealer.
Who moves and sets up a used-car dealership.
Tiring  he turns the lot over to an assistant and starts writing his first movie  The Man.
Who Got Away.
It turns out to be an uncommercial picture chronicling the story.
Who goes berserk  runs and dies fending off a platoon of police officers.
Richard enlists the help of his father-in-law  Leo  a washed-up former film director.
Whose notable possession is a Rouault painting.
Richard pitches his idea to the Man  the chief executive of Mammoth Pictures.
Who green-lights the project.
Conflict inevitably arises.
When Richard s obsession.
Other kooky characters include Richard s mother  a former ballerina.
Who lures her hirsute lug into a comic pas de deux  Richard s sexually curious stepsister  Becky  who seduces him  and his secretary  Laura  whom he impregnates with a boorish indifference.
The Woman Chaser premiered and went on to play at top film festivals including Sundance  South By South West  Florida  Seattle  Stockholm and Athens winning several special jury and audience awards.
The film had theatrical distribution.
S.
Cities and played  becoming a cult movie.
<EOS>
The film is set.
J.
P.
Pettigrew s wife died giving birth Edward.
Who was born a cripple.
Pettigrew hates John Fulton.
Who also loved Pettigrew s wife.
Pettigrew sees his now grown son making love and seeks her out.
He attempts to take her in his arms.
Beatrice rejects his advances.
Pettigrew s son Edward sees this and flees the village.
Pettigrew is incensed.
He attempts to have Beatrice arrested.
John forestalls Pettigrew s plan.
Where they fall.
Beatrice becomes pregnant.
Pettigrew seeks revenge.
A year later John breaks out and attempts to flee with Beatrice and their child but Beatrice falls ill.
John must return.
There he finds.
Edward has reappeared.
His affairs are now cleared up.
He is legally free.
Pettigrew is subsequently accidentally shot and no longer a threat.
<EOS>
College students exploring an abandoned insane asylum accidentally shatter canisters holding the cremains  inhaling the dusty ash filling the air  they re soon possessed by the souls once held within them.
One  is a convicted serial killer.
A.
D.
Calvo was inspired to write the story upon reading a New York Times article about the cremation of Oregon s long-forgotten mentally ill.
<EOS>
Only the young hero Thor can protect Earth.
When the demon god Loki destroys the fortress and steals the Hammer of Invincibility.
He must forge his own mighty hammer to save the metropolis and send Loki back.
When Thor is exiled.
<EOS>
Bala Govind is a program director.
His fights regularly get him into trouble.
He saves a person from goons.
Severely thrashing Murugan  son.
Fearing retribution  the MAA TV crew sends Bala to Kulu Manali to shoot a travel episode.
Where Bala meets Vaishali  who is a sanyasin.
It is love.
Vaishali   falls.
Initially apprehensive.
The head sanyasin unites the couple.
However   some goons kidnap her.
Bala is able to return to Hyderabad and marry her.
Bala returns and finds.
She is.
The person reveals.
Who was saved in the beginning.
Vaishali is the daughter.
Tambi Durai killed him and his wife and performed the marriage with Murugan in front of their dead bodies.
Order to grab Patwari s property.
However  Vaishali escapes and reaches Kulu Manali.
Bala decides to save Vaishali and eventually succeeds in his attempt.
<EOS>
The action is set and is told mainly in flashback.
Flashbacks. 
Gangster Joe Rico arrives late at night at the courthouse to testify against crime lord Albert Mendoza.
There have been several attempts.
He is a bag  but lead prosecutor ADA Martin Ferguson reminds him.
He himself faces plenty.
Ferguson is bound and determined to get Mendoza and stresses to Rico  he s got to die.
Mendoza will die.
You re going to kill him.
Rico gives his bodyguards the slip and tries to escape by reaching the fire escape on the eighth floor of the building.
He falls off the ledge and is killed.
When he hits the courtyard.
Rico was the only evidence.
Ferguson had.
Who will walk away.
However he believes.
Something else came up.
He and police Captain Nelson decide to go.
Something will come up.
The case began.
When a man called James Duke Malloy burst and claimed to have killed his girlfriend  under pressure from others.
Is out.
Malloy  overcome  bitterly explains.
His girlfriend was a contract and a hit  terms which mean nothing.
He later commits suicide.
Ferguson  the ADA  is brought in on the case.
Malloy only had convictions.
Checking leads the investigators to Big Babe Lazick.
Lazick confesses.
When Ferguson threatens to jail his wife and put his little son.
He is part.
The gang uses terms and hit in case of others listening in.
The killers get a regular salary  their families are looked.
If anything goes wrong.
Bonuses are paid.
Only Rico knows.
Who the top boss is.
The killers carry out murders being.
They are hired to kill someone.
The killer will have no motive and thus will not be suspected by the police.
The client will have a perfect alibi.
Furthermore  the client has to keep contributing money.
Lazick leads the police.
Whose murder started the investigation.
It emerges.
She was a contract whom Duke Malloy was supposed to kill  but that he instead fell with her.
He tried to cover it up.
His associates caught up and forced him to kill her.
Nina s roommate  Teresa Davis tells the detectives.
Nina s real name was Angela Vetto and that she was.
Ten years beforehand Angela and her father  a cab driver  witnessed the murder.
The police eventually find a mass grave filled.
The gang begins to break up.
The authorities close in.
Some go  fearing for their lives.
Others are killed from out of town.
Rico himself is hiding.
He calls his boss.
Whose answers do not reassure him.
Rico pretends to go his car behind some bushes.
He later witnesses his accomplices being killed.
Rico contacts Ferguson.
He offers to testify against his boss  Albert Mendoza.
Rico first met Mendoza.
When the latter tried to interfere.
Impressed.
He got.
To prove his point he killed the cafe owner  John Webb.
Which he received $.
However the killing was witnessed.
Mendoza and Rico got away.
Years later Vetto recognised Mendoza and was murdered.
He could go.
Mendoza will walk.
Frustrated  Ferguson goes and leaves him with photos of his victims  warning him of the nightmares.
They will give him.
He then returns and listens to the tapping of Rico s confession.
Is not admissible.
Rico describes Vetto s daughter as having big blue eyes.
Whereas the body had brown eyes.
Her roommate  Teresa Davis  does have blue eyes.
Ferguson concludes.
Nina was pointed out by mistake.
Teresa told the police  she even tried to leave town.
Nina was Angela Vetto.
Ferguson warned her.
However   Mendoza has come to the same conclusion and  through his attorney  sends two of his remaining men after the real Angela Vetto.
Ferguson and Nelson arrive.
She has gone shopping.
The streets are too crowded  so Ferguson uses a music store s street-side loud speakers to warn her.
Them to find her.
To contact him.
Angela does so.
Ferguson sets off to meet her.
Ferguson kills one of the gangsters.
The other is arrested.
He then escorts Angela Vetto to testify and put him in the chair.
<EOS>
A young man  travelling  sedates a young woman with a syringe full of narcotics  slices her wrist with a razor blade  and drinks her blood.
The film opens.
The next morning he is met by a mysterious man in white.
Who escorts him away.
The young man is Martin.
Who has romantic monochrome visions.
It is impossible to tell.
These visions are real or imagined.
The mysterious man is Martin s suspicious  old granduncle  Tateh Cuda.
Cuda has reluctantly agreed to give Martin room and board.
He is the closest living relative.
Martin will share the house in the dying town of Braddock  Pennsylvania.
Cuda is a Lithuanian Catholic.
Who treats Martin.
He forbids his nephew  strings of garlic  and holy objects like a crucifix and blessed statues.
Martin mocks these attempts and says bitterly  There s no real magic  ever.
Cuda warns.
If Martin murders anyone  he will stake him through the heart.
Martin works.
He meets several local women  most distinctly the lonely housewife  Mrs Santini.
Making deliveries.
He runs at seducing him but is curious and returns to her again and again.
He seeks advice.
Who calls him The Count.
Martin tries to set the record  saying.
There is no magic stuff.
The DJ realizes.
His listeners consider Martin a hit.
Eventually overpowered  Martin sneaks out to Pittsburgh and targets a woman.
He sees.
Believing her to be alone  he breaks but discovers her in bed with a lover.
Her husband is.
He deftly takes care  feeding on both of them and carefully hiding his tracks.
Martin eventually gives.
What he calls the sexy stuff and begins a full-fledged affair  losing interest in other women as victims to feed his hunger.
Christine  frustrated with Tateh Cuda over the family superstition as well as her unhappy relationship with her boyfriend  played by make-up artist Tom Savini  moves out.
Which Martin targets two derelicts.
He leads police.
Safely back  he visits Mrs Santini only to find.
She has committed suicide.
Tateh Cuda  believing Martin to be the culprit  stakes him and buries him in the backyard.
Radio callers can be heard asking.
What has happened.
<EOS>
Garry McDonald plays Ollie  a grumpy alcoholic workshop supervisor called Saltmarsh.
He hires Pat  a school teacher  to develop an experimental fitness program.
Pat teaches P.
E and decides to try to get them involved  with some interesting results.
Jill is Ollie s social worker.
Who Ollie calls ` the bitch.
<EOS>
Everyone is preparing to celebrate New Year s Eve.
However Telly Monster quickly discovers.
This means that the current year ends.
He is happy.
It is.
He starts a campaign to prevent the new year to come.
He gets afraid that he soon will enter an unknown year.
Elmo is the host of the monster news.
Shows how New Year s Eve is celebrated.
This is done.
Also   Wolfgang the Seal balances a beach ball on his nose.
He was hired to be the Time Square ball.
The cast did.
The countdown and Wolfgang removes the ball.
<EOS>
Kurt Anderson is the utterly ruthless  hard-driving general manager.
Anderson cancels it all and tells his secretary to sue.
When new clothing supplier Garfinkle tells him that part will be delayed three days because of labor trouble.
Garfinkle is ruined.
Anderson does not care.
Late that night  Anderson finds Madeline Walters hiding.
Broke and unemployed  she is going to apply to work.
She lets him take advantage to ensure.
When she finds out who he is.
She gets a job.
Anderson demands new ideas from his department heads.
The longtime head does not approve.
When Martin West comes up.
Anderson is impressed.
He promptly tells Martin to go ahead  and fires Higgins.
Seeing promise  Anderson makes him his assistant.
He tells his new protege  he asks.
He must devote himself completely if he is to get ahead.
Martin is married  and is relieved when the answer is no.
However  Martin and Madeleine fall.
He tells her  does so anyway  a secret.
He can not marry her until his position is more secure  but.
He keeps it.
This puts a strain.
Anderson believes.
All women are.
He doubles employee Polly Dale s salary to keep his nominal overseer  Denton Ross  occupied  leaving him a free hand to manage the store any way.
He sees fit.
Meanwhile  Higgins tries repeatedly to see Anderson to try to get his job back.
Eventually Higgins gives up and commits suicide  jumping out.
Martin is dismayed.
When Anderson is completely unperturbed.
The Wests quarrel.
Anderson finds a vulnerable Madeleine alone and gets her drunk.
He invites her to rest and clear her head in his hotel suite.
When she decides to leave.
Once again  he takes advantage.
The next day  Madeleine insists.
He leave her alone.
She lets slip.
She is married.
Anderson tries to get Polly to seduce Martin.
She quits and threatens to take her husband.
She refuses.
Then he has Martin eavesdrop.
He summons Madeleine.
Martin learns slept with Anderson.
A furious Martin confronts and threatens to kill his boss.
When Madeleine tries to kill herself.
Anderson  facing his own dismissal  dares him to do it  even providing a gun.
Martin shoots  but only inflicts a minor wound.
Anderson acts.
When employees dash in.
If nothing had happened.
Martin quits.
Ross manages to contact the store s frequently absent owner  Commodore Franklin Monroe  and gets his proxy just for the vote of the board of directors.
Anderson keeps his job.
He promptly promotes Garfinkle  embittered and now just as ruthless  to be his new assistant.
<EOS>
Anthony Waldron intends to steal a new submarine invention while blaming a fictitious mastermind.
He calls Mr M.
To further this plan  Waldron uses a mind control drug.
He has developed called Hypnotreme.
However  a mystery villain soon appears claiming to be the real Mr M and starts giving Waldron orders.
Federal agent Grant Farrell   is dispatched to find the mysterious villain and stop his nefarious plans  teaming up to do so.
Whose brother was killed.
<EOS>
A boy Chinnu was very friendly and affectionate to Anu his friend.
Who lived.
They get separated.
She gave him a watch.
When Anu was leaving.
They grew up.
Venu grew up.
His parents died.
He was adopted.
They grew up their friendship turned.
Venu was waiting for Anu & Renu was waiting.
They were waiting from last 10 years.
This movie shows.
They reunite.
The movie is loosely based.
Was also remade as Jeena Sirf Merre Liye.
<EOS>
A teenage girl sneaks into his house to fulfill her dreams of meeting him.
Together they accidentally run.
She becomes the victim.
The young star comes with lots of songs and the Acapulco scenery as a backdrop.
<EOS>
The film follows the life.
They encounter as they move to parish.
Minister Spence starts but grows  and not just going through rituals and customs.
To appreciate the life and how he needs to minister to people.
<EOS>
He brings the aircraft  despite warnings.
When pilot Dick Bennett undertakes a flight to save a dying girl.
It is too dangerous.
Later  he meets socialite Gail Strong  and persuades Bennett s aircraft engineer friend Bill Edwards to try a parachute jump.
Who is interested.
Her fiance  Baron Hayygard pledges  knocking out Bennett.
He will win the Stanley Trophy Race  to make her keep her promise to marry him  and resorts.
Edwards takes it up instead  but crashes.
When Bennett is unable to fly his untested racer.
Strong realizes.
She is.
He is critically injured.
A doctor has life-saving serum.
Bennett and Jack Carter are determined to bring back to save their friend.
Coming back  their aircraft is struck by lightning  disabling their radio.
Coast Guard ships are deployed.
When contact is lost.
The intrepid flyers make it.
<EOS>
Michael Clayton is a fixer  using his connections and his knowledge of legal loopholes for his clients  benefit.
Michael drives aimlessly and stops at a remote field.
It explodes.
When he leaves his car to admire some horses.
Four days earlier  one  Arthur Edens  has a bizarre outburst in the middle of a deposition in Milwaukee involving a class action lawsuit against U-North  an agricultural products conglomerate.
Michael arrives and bails Arthur out of jail.
He escapes in the middle of the night.
Meanwhile  Karen Crowder  U-North s general counsel  discovers.
Arthur had come.
She hires two men to follow him and plant bugs.
Karen asks.
When they realize that Arthur is building a case.
He be permanently incapacitated.
They assassinate Arthur.
Michael is saddened  but becomes suspicious upon learning.
U-North was planning a settlement just a few days before and that Arthur had booked a flight of the plaintiffs  Anna.
He learns.
She told no one with Arthur  not even her attorney  arousing in Michael further suspicion about how his firm came to know of Arthur s conversations with the U-North class members.
Gene in the police department Michael gets access to Arthur s sealed apartment and discovers a receipt from a copy store.
He discovers.
Arthur had ordered three thousand copies.
Michael takes a copy.
The two hit men are tailing him and inform Karen.
Michael is about to show his boss  Marty Bach.
What he has discovered  only to be offered a renewal as well as an $ 80000 bonus he had requested to cover his debt  although it comes with a confidentiality agreement to prevent him from ever shaking down the firm.
One rigs his car with a bomb.
Michael receives.
A phone call summoning him with the client in Westchester County who had committed a hit-and-run  as seen at the start of the movie.
He is being followed.
They have trouble tailing him.
The surveillance team  still off but  detonates the remote bomb.
He is out.
An unharmed but surprised Michael runs back and throws his personal effects inside  faking his own death.
Later   Karen proposes approval of a new settlement agreement.
Michael is waiting.
When she exits the conference  and informs her that he has access and that he knows about her role in Arthur s murder.
He goads Karen.
Karen reluctantly agrees  prompting Michael to reveal the phone.
Has conveyed their conversation.
Karen falls.
He walks away.
Detectives rush forward to arrest her.
Michael leaves the building and hails a cab  he passes the driver 50 dollars and tells him to just drive.
<EOS>
Tarzan and Jane have left Africa  married and settled.
Their pre-teen son  Jack  dreams.
His father s  but is discouraged.
He sneaks away to see a trained ape called Ajax.
The ape s trainer is really Ivan Paulovich  an old enemy.
Who is looking to enact vengeance.
He kidnaps Jack and takes him.
Jack escapes  and survives on his own in the wild much like his father before him.
He is given the Ape name Korak.
Means Killer.
Korak rescues Meriem  a young French girl held captive.
They grow to adulthood.
Paulovich hopes to receive a ransom as well  and attempts to capture both of them.
Eventually Paulovich lures Jane.
Order to extort a ransom.
Tarzan soon follows.
Tarzan and Jane  living  find Meriem and informally adopt her.
They discover.
Her parentage and send.
The film climaxes.
An elephant rescues Korak.
Who is bound.
He and Meriem are reunited  and all sail for England.
Tarzan.
<EOS>
The movie is a fictionalized account.
Who commanded units during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War.
Marcus  a former Colonel of the US Army  recently released from active duty and now working as a New York lawyer  is approached by the Haganah.
Who request his assistance.
Marcus  still a Army Reserve officer  is refused permission to go.
He uses an alias and travels.
He arrives in Israel to be met by a Haganah member  Magda Simon.
Whom he immediately starts flirting.
Marcus   is initially viewed by some Haganah soldiers.
Who parachuted during World War II  and helped to organise the relief mission for Dachau  the first Nazi concentration camp liberated by American troops.
But  he is more accepted.
He leads a commando raid and assists in a landing of ` illegal  refugees.
He prepares his training manuals and then returns.
Where his wife has suffered a miscarriage.
Now restless  and  he does return to Israel and is given command of the Jerusalem front with the rank of ` Aluf   a rank not used since biblical days.
He sets to work  recognising.
While the men do not have proper training or weapons or even a system of ranks  they do have spirit and determination.
He organises the construction to enable convoys to reach besieged Jerusalem.
Where the population is.
Many are newly arrived in Israel  determined and enthusiastic but untrained.
Dubbing them ` the schnooks   Marcus is inspired to discover.
He is proud to be a Jew.
But  he is shot and killed.
Before the convoy starts out.
Who does not speak English - the last casualty.
The makeshift coffin containing his body is ceremonially carried.
Who he trained and inspired.
Cameo roles include  John Wayne  Marcus s commanding officer at Normandy and now a senior general offcier at the Pentagon.
Who initially refused him permission to go  but later supports him.
Yul Brynner as Asher  a Haganah commander.
Frank Sinatra as Vince  an expatriate American pilot.
Who takes part.
<EOS>
The death precipitates their reunion at her funeral.
They called her ` Esther  a generation ago.
They have nt seen her.
Her father forbade contact  shortly after they helped her escape Yugoslavia to re-unite with him.
Now the way is clear to be together again and perhaps to see her child.
She is gone.
Whom they ve never met.
Flashbacks return us.
Where they forged enduring friendships in Tito s Yugoslavia.
The four are fascinated.
Their rival rowing team is led.
Each harbored a secret passion for Esther s inspiring beauty.
The first modestly allows.
He ca nt tell her what he feels.
The next tempts her heart.
Glenn then confesses his love.
He shrugs off.
The last swaggers will understand eventually.
It s obvious they are a couple and the rest.
But Esther reminds each in turn.
The five are a four.
When she finds herself by an outsider.
Assuming their complicity from grace  he peremptorily strikes them from her life.
<EOS>
Several text cards explain bombers and the Royal Air Force chain of command.
The film begins.
Bomber Command develops the film and analyzes the resulting photographs.
Are presented to see.
There has been a massive build-up in the subject area for the past few months.
The film shows the planning  even detailing.
The bomber wing chooses munitions.
The weather forecast is expected to be good.
The pilots are briefed.
The crew  the bomber  suits up and takes off.
Is the focal point.
The crew bombs the target  dead  but is hit by flak from ` faceless  anti-aircraft gunners.
The radio operator is hit.
Freddie is the last aircraft to return.
There is mist covering the water  prompting worry.
Meanwhile  Freddie can not climb.
The flak hit.
They are not losing altitude  but are.
Tension builds until finally   F for Freddie  lands.
No aircraft are lost.
The mission is a complete success.
<EOS>
Betty Boop and Little Jimmy are working out.
Betty sings the song Keep Your Girlish Figure.
Little Jimmy responds.
If you re thin  do nt worry over that.
Just begin to laugh.
You ll grow fat.
Betty starts using a belt exercise machine  but gets.
When its control gets stuck.
She sends Little Jimmy to get an electrician  but he gets distracted.
The object keeps changing - magician  politician  musician etc.
Fortunately  he eventually returns and accidentally pulls the plug  freeing her from the exercise machine.
She is so thin.
Her figure is.
She looks so funny.
She and Little Jimmy ca nt stop laughing.
The two of them are soon as fat and round as balloons.
<EOS>
Three men   are struggling with their own sufferings.
Who look.
They desperately strive to keep undisclosed - schizophrenia  sex addiction and infidelity.
The harder they try to get out of their agony  the more complicated and puzzled.
It gets.
<EOS>
Kay Bentley  a bored socialite seeks a more fulfilling life and goes.
Yet  also falls.
Kay falls for Terry ONeill  an archaeologist who challenges Kay s beliefs.
He feels awkward  yet they become engaged to marry.
Kay and Terry continue to quarrel over their differing lifestyles.
Kay and Terry reach a compromise and do marry.
<EOS>
Jack Goldwater  an IRS agent  is relieved of field duty after insulting a powerful U.
S.
Senator  and finds himself exiled as the federal receiver managing a legal brothel in tax default.
Where -- -- he uncovers an Al Qaeda plot to unload a nuclear-bomb-sized crate at Hoover Dam.
<EOS>
Phil is a successful advertising executive.
Maisie is his young and hedonistic wife  but their lives are thrown.
When Phil inherits his great-great grandfather s secret diaries.
He becomes obsessed into solid geometry contained in the diaries and is fascinated by the theory of a plane without a surface.
His pursuit tears his marriage apart.
The film is interspersed.
Phil is uncovering.
Eventually Phil follows the instructions buried and begins carefully folding a large sheet of paper in on itself like a lotus flower  then the folded paper emits a bright light  folds over itself and disappears.
He dedicated his life to understanding more about the diaries and his great-great grandfather s mysterious disappearance.
He goes on to become obsessed in the book.
Links it.
He proceeds to place another of the paper lotus flowers in the center of her curled body.
She somehow completes the flower folding.
She curls unknowingly around the paper flower.
Had previously been achieved.
She spins and disappears  emitting tones of shock and fear.
The film ends alone in bed.
<EOS>
Oswald and a big beagle are at a cinema watching a documentary.
The documentary tells.
Explorers who travel place to place.
Oswald was amazed.
What the explorers became famous  and that he decided to try his luck.
One day gathered to see Oswald take off in his balloon.
The balloon is a large hot water bottle.
The carriage is a metal stove.
Oswald invited the big beagle   to join him.
Who was.
The big beagle   declined the invitation.
He shakes hands and releases the balloon.
But.
One snagged away his pants  the big beagle changed his mind.
He would spend the entire ride.
Oswald s balloon rapidly ascended.
They went so fast and so high.
They even reached space.
Their voyage ended.
When they landed.
Their balloon was wreck.
The two were left wondering.
They would ever get back.
They began walking.
They saw a giant sipping soup and gobbling explosives.
Oswald and the big beagle try to flee  only to unknowingly ran into the bore of a huge cannon.
The cannon shoots them airborne.
They landed.
The giant was surprised to see the two visitors.
Nevertheless  he became obliged to gobble them.
He scoops up Oswald and the big beagle.
Suddenly the giant decides to delay eating his victims.
He then puts Oswald and the big beagle and then chooses have some music played by walking guns.
Oswald and the big beagle rocked the salt shaker back and forth.
The giant was enjoying his tunes.
They turned it upside down.
They were able.
Run. 
They collided  thus shattering the shaker and freeing them.
They make their move.
The giant notices their escape and tosses large forks on the table to entrap them.
The giant then holds Oswald and the big beagle.
Their doom seem pretty much sealed.
It turns out.
What Oswald and his buddy were experiencing was merely a bad dream as they were actually dozing.
The cinema s janitor came in  waking and telling them the film was over.
All the audiences had left.
Oswald and the big beagle quickly got up and started leaving hysterically.
<EOS>
A guy named.
Ron finally settled up and decided to marry his girlfriend Melinda  whom he met just two months ago.
Her brother  Todd  hates Ron and tries to persuade Melinda.
He is just marrying her to use her money.
He tries to talk Melinda out.
He tries to show.
Who Ron really is so he decided to make a wild bachelor party.
<EOS>
Paul Gregory is a blind but very successful pop music composer  married.
Anne is having a secret affair  and persuades Paul to commission Rickie to paint her portrait as a pretext to enable them to spend time together.
Paul agrees.
He is told by his business partner Mike Williams.
Anne and Rickie have been seen together in circumstances which leave no doubt that they are more than friends.
Paul knows  but is finally persuaded.
Mike has always disliked Anne and suspects he may be.
Paul makes it clear.
He has found out and threatens to leave her.
Fearing  she tells Rickie.
Her meal-ticket is about to disappear.
They will have to arrange an accident by getting him drunk and pushing him off the balcony of their home.
She suggests  their affair must end.
Rickie does not agree.
The plan is attempted  but is botched.
Whose heart is not really.
He and Paul start to talk.
Paul tells him to open his eyes  suggesting.
She may well be double-crossing him too.
Rickie  having no personal antipathy  comes to the conclusion.
He may be right.
The pair end up forming an unlikely alliance  unknown  to try to entrap her into revealing her true motives.
They manage to set her up  and discover.
The serious romance is.
The whole scheme had been concocted with Rickie in mind as a convenient fall-guy  there to take the rap.
Suspicions were aroused.
Paul and Rickie then set.
<EOS>
Kang Yu-jin  a wealthy biology professor doing a butterfly field study  takes  the young woman  Mi-ok  is the daughter of a shaman priestess.
Who recently died.
Seon-hee  welcome Mi-ok into their home.
Seon-hee begins to have misgivings.
When she sees a strange wooden doll that the maid has brought.
Having suffered  Seon-hee becomes increasingly suspicious.
Mi-ok is trying to kill her and usurp her household.
Seon-hee causes Mi-ok to fall to her death.
Seon-hee is tormented by visions of the doll attacking her.
<EOS>
The boss wants to smuggle a batch of jewelry from Turkey into the Soviet Union by hiding it inside the orthopedic cast of a courier.
The Chief sends a minor henchman named Gennadiy Kozodoyev to serve.
Kozodoyev travels.
The Turkish co-conspirators do not know  they only know.
What the courier looks.
He is supposed to say a secret phrase to identify himself.
They mistake Kozodoyev s fellow passenger from the cruise ship  the ordinary Soviet citizen Semyon Gorbunkov for the courier.
They place a cast and put the contraband jewels inside the cast.
Gorbunkov lets.
The militsiya know what happened.
The militsiya captain uses Gorbunkov to catch the criminals.
Most are various attempts of The Chief s inept henchmen  Kozodoyev and Lyolik  to lure Gorbunkov into a situation.
Where they can quietly   remove the cast and reclaim the contraband jewels.
<EOS>
The SS Poseidon  an ocean liner slated  is making her way across the Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea from New York City to Athens.
Who fears.
She make full speed  preventing her from taking on additional water ballast.
Detective Lieutenant Mike Rogo and his former-prostitute wife Linda -- seasick  -- receive an invitation to the captain s table.
Reverend Frank Scott  a minister questioning his faith and believing  delivers a sermon.
God helps those who help themselves.
Susan Shelby and her younger brother Robin are traveling to meet their parents.
Robin is interested.
The ship works and frequently visits the engine room.
Retired Jewish hardware store.
Owner Manny Rosen and his wife Belle are going to meet their two-year-old grandson for the first time.
Haberdasher James Martin is a love-shy  health-conscious bachelor.
The ship s singer  Nonnie Parry rehearses with her band.
Includes her brother Teddy.
That evening  New Year s Eve  passengers gather to celebrate.
Captain Harrison is called.
He receives word.
There is a huge wave heading.
He issues a mayday and commands a hard left turn.
It is too late.
The wave hits the bridge  killing him  Linarcos  and the other ship s officers.
The ship capsizes  killing or injuring many of the people on board.
Survivors take stock of their predicament.
Acres  an injured waiter  is trapped now high above.
Scott surmises  at the outer hull.
The escape route will be found ` upwards.
Is now.
Robin tells him.
The hull is only one inch thick.
The Rosens  the Rogos  Nonnie  Susan  Robin  Acres  and Martin agree to go  using a Christmas tree as a ladder.
He unsuccessfully tries to convince more passengers to join them.
There is a series.
The small group climbs.
The survivors rush to the Christmas tree.
The weight causes it to collapse.
Acres and Scott find the galley.
The survivors pick their way to a staircase.
Scott climbs its underside.
He and Rogo use a firehose to pull the others up.
He leads them.
Rogo has been instructed to look.
Water begins filling the corridor.
As Martin and Nonnie climb.
The ship rocks from another series of explosions.
Climbing up a long ladder.
Acres falls and is lost despite Rogo s attempt to save him.
Climbing out  Scott and Rogo argue over the loss of Acres.
Their group meets a larger band  heading towards the bow.
Scott is certain.
They are heading.
Rogo wants to follow them and gives him fifteen minutes.
To go aft to find the engine room.
He finds his way there.
He takes longer than allowed.
The group discovers  so someone must swim through.
The engine room is.
Belle  a former competitive swimmer  claims.
She can manage it.
Scott refuses and dives.
Halfway through  a panel collapses  trapping him.
The survivors notice something is wrong.
Belle dives in.
She frees him and they make it.
Belle has a heart attack.
He secures the lifeline.
She tells him to give her Chai pendant to Rosen.
Who will give it to their grandson.
Rogo swims over to make sure  then leads the rest over.
Belle and Scott are all right.
He is unwilling to go on.
When Rosen swims and finds Belle s body.
Scott gives him her Chai pendant  reminding him.
He has a reason to live.
Scott leads the survivors to the propeller shaft room s watertight door  but there is another series of explosions.
Linda falls.
An infuriated and heartbroken Rogo blames her death.
More explosions rupture a pipe  blocking their escape.
Releases steam.
Scott  outraged  rants at God for betraying the survivors.
He leaps and grabs to shut off the steam  then tells Rogo to lead the group before letting go of it  sacrificing himself.
Rogo leads the remaining survivors -- Rosen  Martin  Nonnie  Susan and Robin.
They hear a noise.
The rescuers then cut and help the group out of the ship.
The survivors  the only six alive  fly off to safety by helicopter.
<EOS>
Victor Frankenstein is a young boy.
Who creates movies starring his dog  Sparky.
Victor learns about electrical impulses in muscles  and gets the idea to bring his pet back to life.
Sparky is hit.
He creates elaborate machines.
Bring down a bolt that revives the dog.
His neighbors are terrified.
Victor is pleased.
They become angry and terrified.
When the Frankensteins decide to introduce the revitalized Sparky.
Sparky runs away.
They find themselves  and hide in its flagship windmill.
The Frankensteins  neighbors  now an angry mob  arrive.
The windmill is accidentally lit.
Using a cigarette lighter to try to see in.
Victor falls and is knocked out.
Sparky rescues him  in time to be crushed by the windmill.
The mob realizes its error and use their cars  along  to recharge Sparky.
He is revived.
All celebrate.
Sparky later falls with a poodle.
Whose fur bears a strong resemblance.
<EOS>
Ellie and Manny are expecting their first child.
Manny is obsessed.
His first experiences went bad when his family was killed by hunters.
Diego finds himself unable to catch a cocky gazelle and decides to leave the herd  believing.
He has been stalking.
He is losing his predatory nature.
Sid grows jealous and adopts.
Three apparently abandoned eggs that he finds and call them Eggbert  Shelly  and Yoko.
Manny tells him to put them back.
Sid instead looks.
Hatch. 
Their rambunctious behavior scares away all the other animals  young and ruins.
Sid tries his best to raise the three dinosaurs.
A playground Manny built.
A female Tyrannosaurus  Momma   soon returns and carries both Sid and her young underground.
Whose eggs Sid stole.
Manny  Ellie  Crash  and Eddie follow as well and discover.
The icy cavern leads.
Here  an Ankylosaurus threatens the herd  they are saved from a further crowd of angry reptiles by an insane  one-eyed weasel named Buckminster  or Buck for short.
Buck has been living and is chasing Rudy  an abnormally large albino Baryonyx.
Scratte  the film opens with the saber-toothed squirrel Scrat.
Who does everything he can to retrieve his precious acorn.
This time  he falls  with the song.
You ll Never Find Another Love by Lou Rawls playing in the background.
An acorn appears instead.
The music stops.
The two fight is flung off the ground.
The two hold.
Scrat tries to save her.
The music starts back.
Suddenly  she demonstrates her ability to glide.
The two eventually fall.
Scrat saves her.
He even chooses to focus his attention until the end of the film.
When he tires and reverts to his old ways.
The ensuing fight leads to a volcanic explosion back to the surface  leaving Scratte trapped underground.
Hurls Scrat and the acorn.
However   a stray piece falls on him and knocks the acorn back into Scratte s hands.
Scrat is about to enjoy his acorn.
He screams  having lost both his acorn and Scratte.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Who may be the key.
Whose land is the richest in the world.
Using one  Cromwell convinces Xusia to join his cause.
Cromwell easily lays waste to Richard s formidable army.
Eventually  Cromwell becomes eager to be rid.
Fearing  he attempts to kill Xusia.
The sorcerer could very well turn.
He evacuate to the river  and entrusts his youngest son Talon with his magnificent triple-bladed projectile sword  instructing the boy to avenge his death.
It occur.
Talon goes to find him.
When Richard fails to return home afterwards.
He comes.
Searching the corpse-littered battlefield.
Gravely wounded  the old soldier confirms.
The battle is lost.
Talon spies his father in the distance  just seconds before his execution.
Enraged  Talon starts off to claim his revenge.
Mogullen holds him fast.
Knowing  he implores the boy to save the rest.
Cromwell will be heading.
Talon desperately races on horseback.
Once again  he is too late.
Horrified  he watches.
His mother is put at Cromwell s hands.
Talon has no choice.
To flee.
The boy manages to evade capture and disappear from the kingdom.
Eleven years later  Prince Talon  now a seasoned warrior  leads a small group  seeking to fulfill the promise.
He made long ago.
In a cavern far beneath the Earth s surface  the sinister Xusia -- still very much alive -- vows to repay Cromwell for his treachery.
A rebellion has begun under Prince Mikah.
Who many believe to be the rightful heir.
Mikah relays the news to his sister Alana.
Cromwell suddenly bursts.
Alana flees  but eventually finds herself cornered by Cromwell s men.
Mikah is captured.
She is then rescued.
Who easily dispatches her assailants.
Alana learns of her brother s imprisonment and asks Talon to rescue him  along with a faction of rebels.
Who have been recently trapped.
Unable to bribe the mercenary  Alana reluctantly offers herself to him for one night.
Satisfied  Talon departs.
Cromwell s men arrive shortly thereafter and capture Alana as well.
Successful  Talon infiltrates the castle through the sewers and is able to rescue Mikah  but is subsequently detected and captured by Cromwell.
Cromwell invites the four neighboring kings to their wedding feast.
Where he intends to assassinate them.
However  Talon amazingly summons the strength to pull himself free.
The plot can be carried out.
The rebels  led  storm into the dining hall and overpower Cromwell s soldiers.
Cromwell attempts to flee the castle.
Talon intercepts them.
Machelli takes custody of Alana and brings her to the catacombs beneath the castle.
Where he reveals his true identity.
He proves to be no match.
Cromwell tries to intercede.
Talon is somehow able to resist Xusia s power long enough to strike him down.
He then engages Cromwell  finally vanquishing the evil king.
Afterwards  Talon saves Alana.
Xusia suddenly rises again  prompting Talon to finish off the sorcerer.
Talon yields the crown of Ehdan to Mikah.
Alana honors her commitment to spend one night.
Talon and the mercenaries prepare to leave Ehdan.
The film closes.
<EOS>
He is keeping the two in a secret place on an island in the middle of a secluded lake.
He knows.
She can not swim  and is scared.
One time  she gets too close.
He then chains her around the island to make it impossible.
Her to escape.
One day  she lights all their matches.
He is forced to go to buy new ones.
She gets an axe and breaks free.
He is gone.
He comes back unexpectedly early.
She is almost discovered.
He finds her and starts beating her the hardest.
He has ever done.
Throwing her around  pushing her  hurling objects at her face.
All the while  she is screaming.
Finally  she gets a hold and shoots him.
He is not dead  but immobile.
She gives him a couple before leaving him to die.
She leaves him laying there alone  the gun.
A shot is later heard indicating.
He killed himself.
Overcoming her fear  she swims across the pond to the other side and walks away down the road to an unknown fate  but free.
<EOS>
The plot takes place  and follows the interweaving story threads of a number of the community s residents over the course of a single year.
Tokyo Tower is being built.
Norifumi Suzuki  consistently called Suzuki Auto  runs a small auto repair shop.
Where he lives.
Mutsuko Hoshino  a young girl  comes to live with them and work as Suzuki s apprentice  having applied for the position as a one-year work opportunity.
- a small auto repair shop rather than a large company - she soon comes to enjoy her new life.
Mutsuko is initially shocked and upset.
Where she s expected to do manual labor.
Where she would be doing white-collar clerical work.
Consistently called Roku  she quickly becomes like a family member to them.
She is given train tickets back to Aomori for the new year as a Christmas present.
She does not want to go back believing.
No one wants her to return.
However  Tomoe reveals the letters and have kept secretly in accordance with the mother s wishes.
She has been receiving.
Touched  Mutsuko chooses to return home.
She happily waves.
Whom she.
Leaving. 
Ryunosuke Chagawa is a dried-up novelist.
Who lives and runs a small toy and candy shop out of his house.
He writes a series called Shonen.
He seems to be rather down.
Proud. 
Whenever he submits his works to be published or writing contests.
Meanwhile  Hiromi Ishizaki  Chagawa s love interest  newly opens a bar nearby and is unpleasantly surprised one day.
When a man brings a young boy named Junnosuke.
He tells her.
His mother abandoned him and since Hiromi and the mother were friends -- though Hiromi protests that they were hardly that close -- Hiromi should take care.
Hiromi reluctantly takes Junnosuke  but is determined to find him another place to stay at.
Later that same evening  Chagawa  comes.
Hiromi decides to give Junnosuke.
Unable to resist Hiromi s charm and persuasion  Chagawa ends up taking charge.
Hiromi would come by and visit them.
Both become quite close.
Junnosuke begins writing and even ends up having one published in the Shonen Boken-dan serial.
The relationship also develops over the course of the film.
Hiromi suggests that she could move in and help raise Junnosuke.
He eventually proposes  albeit with an empty box.
He can not yet afford a ring.
Touched  she accepts his proposal  but then disappears the following day  seemingly gone  and thus from Chagawa s life  forever.
Her shop is put up.
It is revealed.
She s sold herself off due.
Somewhere  Junnosuke gets a hold of his mother s whereabouts and tells Ippei about it.
Both boys set off to find her.
Their attempt ends.
A wealthy businessman appears one day and claims to be Junnosuke s father.
He tells Chagawa and reclaim him.
He plans.
Chagawa sends the boy off  thinking.
Junnosuke would be much better off than with him.
Chagawa is quite poor  and does not consider himself a good parent  he feels particularly lost in this matter without Hiromi.
Junnosuke escapes  however  and returns  insisting  despite the writer s violent protests.
He would much rather stay.
The film is also filled.
Evoke a sense for 1950s Tokyo  a sub-genre or aesthetic which is quite popular in recent years in Japanese media.
The family earns enough money to obtain a modern electric refrigerator  and a black-and-white television.
The Suzuki auto shop is quite small.
Is first switched.
Episodes such as these give a feeling of the nostalgic idea of life in an easier time  a post-war Japanese good old days.
<EOS>
The film starts.
Arguing heatedly and who loves her the most.
Herself remarks  they are all only in seventh standard  and claims.
She will only fall with whoever happens to become a doctor.
Gayathri s father is transferred elsewhere.
Nandhu s father commits suicide.
Nandhu is taken care.
He hatches a plan to become a professional blackmailer.
He can not afford to help the kid become a doctor.
A dozen years later and you ve got an adult Nandhu.
Who is a student and professional blackmailer  now operating.
She has already met Aravind.
Gayathri re-emerges  but.
Who actually has become a doctor.
Realisation comes to Nandhu slowly.
He decides to take some drastic action  blackmailing her.
When all his plans to stop them falling.
It never occurs to marry her.
<EOS>
Epic film  based on a true story of creation and development of Russian space and missile industry.
All names were altered in the script.
Most are easily recognizable.
Sergei Korolev was prototype.
Episode.
He is obsessed.
Bashkirtsev s career takes shape.
He develops the first rockets and builds a launch center in Central Russia.
Then he makes the Katyusha weapon and takes it.
He continues working on rocket design.
He is released upon his request to fight in the front-lines against the Nazis.
Episode.
Bashkirtsev makes a new rocket system  and works with nuclear scientist Igor Kurchatov on the nuclear missiles program.
Then he makes a new rocket.
Launched Sputnik in 1957  from Baykonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.
His next achievement is the first man.
Bashkirtsev makes developments for the flight to the Moon.
However  Bashkirtsev s uncompromising character causes him many problems  in additions to other pressures in his life.
He dies.
His mission is carried on.
Article of the fire.
<EOS>
The King is on his deathbed.
He summons his son  Tanga  and his brother  Halyare  to avoid a bloody battle.
However   the King can not prevent Tanga from taking power and instating a reign of terror.
A few years later  the tyrant learns  contrary.
Salam is not his son.
What he believed up.
A personal battle begins.
One must die.
A Greek tragedy.
<EOS>
A bourgeois French married couple  Roland and Corinne  both have secret lovers and are both planning each other s murder.
They set out.
Necessary. 
The trip becomes a chaotically picaresque journey.
The characters wander.
Their own car is destroyed.
Godard s trademark intertitles intrude suddenly  cutting off and commenting viewing itself.
Two graphics near the beginning announce.
You re watching  a film adrift.
A film found.
The film is particularly well known.
Lasts. 
The shot follows a car slowly moving.
The cause is discovered  a family has been in a car accident.
Their bodies lie.
It is a stark contrast.
Corinne and Roland eventually arrive to find.
Her mother is refusing them a share.
They kill her and set off  only to fall into the hands of a group of hippie revolutionaries supporting themselves through theft and cannibalism  in.
Whose encampment the film ends.
Julio Cortazar s story La Autopista del Sur supposedly influenced this film.
<EOS>
Seenu is a new admit.
Nandini goes.
Seenu is.
Nandini is a rich girl.
Nandini is the only daughter.
Who is a land mafia don.
Gowri Shankar suspects them to be lovers.
He finds them dancing.
Seenu gets beaten up.
Irritated  Seenu is challenged to win Nandini s love.
She falls in love with him.
They elope and get married.
When Gowri Shankar tries to separate them.
The story takes several turns.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Set  the film tells the story of Li Ming  a young orphan of the Tangshan earthquake.
Who leaves to study.
A secretive man and commanding father  he lives.
He has transformed.
Anxious to share this solitary life  his daughter  An  welcomes.
Soon their friendship develops.
Incapable  Ming and An create a dangerous arrangement to be able to continue spending their lives together  Ming marries An s brother  and can not bring his wife with him.
Who is a PLA soldier.
However  An and Ming s relationship is discovered.
Who gets a heart attack when he finds out.
He tells police.
He dies.
It was his daughter and daughter-in-law s homosexuality disease that killed him.
Thus  An and Ming are sentenced by a court and executed.
<EOS>
Tom Steele is a lineman.
He meets Nancy Brewster  daughter.
Both companies want rights  the ownership of.
Is to be claimed it off.
Whom he rescues.
<EOS>
The short opens with a voice-over by Bugs explaining.
Strange carrots have traveled to Earth.
Bugs wakes up in his rabbit hole and remarks.
He is late.
His work consists.
There is a strange pile of glowing carrots in the background.
Bugs ignores them.
The next day  Bugs wakes up and returns to work.
Elmer  Yosemite Sam  and Daffy Duck appear with strangely friendly attitudes.
Bugs finds exasperating.
They offer him a carrot.
Bugs accepts the carrot from Daffy but decides to eat it later.
Back home  Bugs ca nt sleep  so he tries to figure out  the carrot produces a poorly drawn version.
Elmer  Sam  and Daffy appear so different.
The impostor attempts to kill the real Bugs.
Bugs runs off screaming.
The typical That s All Folks.
He finds tags indicating  and realizes.
The impostors were made.
He must get rid to get the original characters back.
He collects the now malfunctioning pale stereotypes and fires them into space.
They get sucked.
Swallows the impostors.
The following morning  Bugs wakes up to find.
All are back to normal.
An impostor Porky Pig pops out of the Looney Tunes drum.
Trying to utter the line That s All  Folks.
Porky chuckles and then says his line.
<EOS>
The film opens depicting a scene immediately prior to the cruise ship Gloria N.
Setting sail.
The opening sequence is.
If it were a film shot  with no sound other than the whirring of the projector.
Gradually the sepia fades.
We can hear the characters  dialogue.
Orlando  an Italian journalist  supplies commentary.
The cruise is a funeral voyage to disperse the ashes.
Considered the greatest singer  Tetua is celebrated for her goddess-like voice.
The bumbling also provides highly subjective anecdotes and gossip on the wide array of cartoon characters.
Evoke the golden age but with a perverse Felliniesque twist.
These include more opera singers  voice teachers  orchestra directors  theatre producers  actors  prime ministers  counts  princesses  Grand Dukes  and panic-stricken fans.
A jealous and bitter soprano named.
Ildebranda desperately tries to penetrate the secret.
A bristle-haired Russian basso is shown.
Where  using only his voice  he hypnotizes a chicken.
A curly-cued actor travels.
Order to seduce sailors.
Sir Reginald Dongby  a voyeuristic English aristocrat  relishes spying.
The Grand Duke  a Prussian  is an obese bubble of a young man.
Whose blind sister schemes to disinherit her brother.
The brooding Count closets himself in his cabin transformed into a temple dedicated to the diva s memory.
An awful stench rises.
Soon it s revealed.
A love-sick rhinoceros has been neglected.
The beast is pulled up  washed  and returned to the hold with fresh water and hay.
The passengers discover a crowd of shipwrecked Serbians camped on the deck of the ship.
Fleeing after the assassination at Sarajevo  the refugees were brought on board the previous night by the captain.
The Grand Duke and his men  however  are convinced.
The Serbians are terrorists and order the captain to isolate the group.
The upshot is Fellini s barely disguised and vibrant Serbian folklore.
Take at the Opera in a heady mix of cultures  both ethnic and artistic  where aristocrats and snobs joyfully share the stage with peasants.
But the revels end.
When the menacing flagship sails into view  demanding the return of the Serbian refugees.
The captain agrees.
Edmea Tetua s ashes be dispersed beforehand.
The refugees are loaded into a lifeboat for delivery to the Austrians.
A young Serbian hurls a bomb  causing pandemonium.
The Austrians respond.
The Gloria N.
A grand piano slides.
While Albertini wields his baton  aristocrats march.
Butterflies twitter serenely.
The main camera then tracks forward in a lifeboat with the rhinoceros happily munching on hay.
Did you know  confides Orlando .
A rhinoceros gives very good milk.
<EOS>
The film begins.
The Tsar departs.
Russia was in the third year of World War I.
Russia had suffered many losses.
Nevertheless  the tsar s authority was high.
Petrograd was an exception.
Late  Nicholas and Alexandra are woken up by their son  Alexei.
Who has a high fever  as well as Olga  the eldest.
The next morning  Nicholas leaves  at the war front.
People are starting to revolt.
A street is bombed.
Many are killed.
The Russian Revolution has started.
Nicholas arrives.
He is told.
His son Alexei  a hemophiliac  will not live.
Back  Alexandra is told about the chaos in the city.
Nicholas is given documents requesting his abdication.
He signs and is no longer Emperor.
He had decided to give the throne Alexei.
He decides to give the throne to his brother Michael.
Who does not accept it.
Russia is left.
Alexandra is told.
She and her husband are no longer Emperor and Empress and that they are now.
Alexandra asks M.
Gilliard  the French tutor  to tell her son the news.
Nicholas  no longer tsar  returns at the Alexander Palace.
The next day  Nicholas  Alexandra  the two older Grand Duchesses  and Alexei are introduced.
They do not seem to like him.
Olga does not seem to like him  Tatiana says.
He does not respect the ex-tsar and tsarina because they are private citizens.
Alexandra is hurt.
Tatiana tells her.
She s getting bald.
Olga reassures her mother.
It is normal that she and her sisters are losing their hair because they have been sick.
Alexandra decides to shave her children s heads.
One night  Alexandra wakes up screaming.
She tells Nicholas.
She had a dream that Rasputin showed her a vision.
The Imperial Family and four of their loyal servants leave the Palace for the last time.
They see Nicholas s brother Michael Alexandrovich.
They leave.
They are transferred to live in the Governor s Mansion under house arrest.
The Grand Duchesses continue their everyday lives.
They play the piano.
Alexei draws ships.
One day  Olga is playing the piano  his name is Andrei Denisov.
When a guard downstairs is playing another song.
Olga starts playing the same song.
Denisov is playing.
They all start dancing.
He keeps playing the mandolin.
The Imperial Family and their former servants live a simple life.
Their everyday lives consist.
One day  Olga and Denisov start to fall with each other.
There is another change.
The Bolsheviks overthrow the Provisional Government.
Who form the first Soviet Republic.
The family is photographed and new  more aggressive guards are brought.
Olga Nikolaevna is sick once again and needs a blood transfusion.
Denisov gives.
Olga is the donor as Alexandra can not do it.
Olga recovers.
She and Nicholas play the piano together.
The new Soviet government decides to transfer the Imperial Family.
Yakovlev  a commissar  visits the Imperial Family in Tobolsk.
He talks and asks.
The maid Demidova to check is temperature.
Only Nicholas  Alexandra  Maria  and the servants leave to Ekaterinburg in April.
Alexei  Olga  Tatiana  Anastasia  and Monsieur Gilliard are left behind.
A few weeks later  they are also transferred.
The commandant  Yurovsky  allows the family to have a church service.
They are reunited.
The next day  a priest comes to give a mass.
Sednev is let go to be with his uncle.
The Ural Soviet received an order to execute the Imperial Family.
Yurovsky and the other guards are planning the execution.
Everyone sleeps.
The guards awake Dr Botkin.
He is told.
Everybody is too come  as the White Army is getting closer.
The family and their servants are led downstairs.
The guards bring  everybody else stands.
Yurovsky tells everyone.
There are rumors that the family is dead and that they will take a picture to put an end.
He arranges.
Then suddenly reads to Nicholas an execution order.
Nicholas is shocked  Alexandra and her daughters cross themselves.
The guards draw their guns and shoot.
Not everyone is dead immediately.
They massacre the survivors individually.
The guards discover diamonds hidden.
They clear the bodies.
The film then switches.
This is the last scene.
<EOS>
Maggie  a professor  is fast approaching her silver wedding anniversary.
But her world is shattered.
Her husband  Tom  has been repeatedly adulterous and now intends to marry his younger mistress.
Facing divorce  she retreats.
Where she met her first love  Patrick  decades earlier.
Patrick has long since died.
The club -- the Harvest Moon -- is closed and.
Where they danced together.
She seizes -- with the help of a young carpenter/woodworker  John.
Who turns out to be Patrick s son.
Soon the attraction is hard to deny.
However  Maggie ca nt stop thinking  including his young age  his current girlfriend and  most critically  or only a projection of her long-ago love for his father.
Whether her feelings are sincere.
All is finally revealed.
The Harvest Moon is open again.
<EOS>
Mob enforcer Jack Carter returns home.
When he hears that his brother  Ritchie  has been killed.
He tries to make amends.
He realizes Ritchie was murdered.
His mob partner covers for him with the mob boss  Fletcher.
He starts snooping around.
A secondary plot revolves.
Carter was having  Audrey.
His first stop is with loan shark Cliff Brumby  the owner of the club.
Ritchie managed.
Brumby does not believe Jack s allegations  but does tell him.
Ritchie was having an affair.
Jack can not get anything.
Who unknowingly leads him.
Jack continues to pursue the truth  carefully examining the surveillance tapes  looking for any sort of clue.
He can not get any straight answers.
Jack discovers  drug them.
Paice had made an amateur porn movie where he and Geraldine would pick up different young girls.
Rape them.
Jack watches the film and learns.
Doreen was one.
Paice and those did not know.
Who helped him make the disc.
Doreen was Ritchie s daughter.
Ritchie was given the disc.
He died.
Ritchie was murdered.
He was taking the disc.
Who breaks up.
Jack says he is done.
Jack has a talk with Doreen about.
What happened.
Intending to settle the score  Jack begins a path.
He gets a frantic  apologetic call.
Who tells him Cyrus is coming to kill her.
Carter heads  and throws Eddie off of a balcony to his death.
He finds Geraldine s body.
Carter gets involved with Con and the other gangster  only to lose them.
When he causes them to lose control.
Visiting Kinnear s house  he confronts Cyrus.
Who tells Jack that he should be going.
Kinnear is the man.
Jack attempts to hit him.
Cyrus starts to walk.
Cyrus sees him and ducks.
Jack crashes  and is unable to recover.
Cyrus then pummels him.
Cyrus comments.
Jack s brother put up more  and then leaves to join some women on the busy dance floor.
Bloodied  Jack gets up and follows Cyrus.
You should finish what you start.
Cyrus agrees.
He tries.
It seems like he is turning to walk away again.
Jack catches the punch and floors Cyrus.
Jack proceeds to beat Cyrus.
He is.
He then pulls his pistol and puts it.
They stare.
It is unclear.
Whether Cyrus is already dead  as he does nt seem to be blinking or breathing  or that Jack is going to shoot him.
Regardless   it s obvious.
Jack killed him one way or the other.
He then confronts Kinnear.
Who says that all he told Cyrus to do was get the disc back  not kill him  and that it was Cyrus and Brumby who committed the murder.
Carter decides to show Kinnear mercy.
Carter catches Brumby attempting to steal the disk.
Brumby admits.
He was involved.
He warns Jack.
Killing him will force him to run.
Carter calls out.
Brumby is walking away.
Brumby says.
He wo nt turn around.
Jack shoots him.
Carter meets Doreen one last time at Ritchie s grave.
He is clean shaven  and explains.
He has to go away.
He tells her to remember.
She is special.
They say their goodbyes.
Carter is next seen getting  and opening a map.
Leads. 
<EOS>
Herzog used sequences extracted from more than 85 hours of video footage shot by Treadwell during the last five years of his life  and conducted interviews with Treadwell s family and friends  as well as bear and nature experts.
Park rangers and bear experts give counterpoints.
As his repeated claims that he is defending the bears.
Park rangers point out.
While the bears may be subject.
There was never a recorded incident.
Treadwell had also convinced himself.
He had gained the trust  enough to walk up and pet them like dogs.
Park rangers again point out.
Bears are still wild and potentially dangerous animals  and that it was amazing that Treadwell survived as he did without being mauled.
One park ranger is so astonished.
He thinks the bears themselves were so confused that they were nt quite sure how to react at first.
Ironically   Treadwell s contact would have removed their fear of human contact  meaning.
There were potential poachers.
They would not flee the hunters.
Herzog also narrates  and offers his own interpretations.
He depicts Treadwell as a disturbed man  but does not condemn him for this.
Who may have had a death wish.
The film refers.
It is not played.
Herzog is shown listening on earphones clearly disturbed.
Herzog advises Palovak to destroy it immediately rather than listen to it.
He later repudiated his own advice  saying  silly advice born out -- I mean  it s the most terrifying thing.
It was Stupid.
I ve ever heard.
Being shocked  I told her  ` You should never listen to it.
You should rather destroy it.
It should not be sitting all the time.
-LSB- But -RSB- she slept over it and decided to do something much wiser.
She did not destroy it but separated herself.
She put it.
Palovak later receives Treadwell s wristwatch.
Who found it.
This same watch was spoken by Willy Fulton  the pilot.
Who discovered the bodies.
He recalls seeing the lone arm with the wristwatch and not being able to keep the image out of his mind.
<EOS>
Francis Ingram is a noted pianist.
Who lives.
Ingram suffered a stroke.
Left his right side immobile.
He has to use a wheelchair to get around.
He has retreated -- seen by only a few close friends.
These include his nurse  Julie Holden  a musicologist  Hilary Cummins  a friend  Bruce Conrad  and his sister s son  Donald Arlington.
Ingram has fallen with Julie Holden  and has changed his will.
That she receives the vast bulk when he dies.
But Julie is secretly.
The change disinherits Arlington and Cummins.
Cummins tries to expose Holden s affair.
Ingram  outraged  tries to choke Cummins to death.
Only Julie s arrival saves him.
Later that night  Ingram begins to suffer hallucinations.
He climbs  makes it to the top of the stairs  and calls out for Julie.
Ingram falls  breaking his neck.
Commissario Ovidio Castanio investigates the death  but finds little sign of murder.
A few days later  Raymond Arlington arrives  determined to ensure.
His nephew gets the inheritance.
Duprex  Ingram s attorney  tells Raymond.
There are suspicions.
That night  Duprex is murdered.
Commissario Castanio begins to investigate.
The Arlingtons try to search.
Suspicion falls after he tries to remove several expensive old books from the manor house.
That night  everyone hears Ingram playing the piano.
Is there.
When they go to check no one.
Donald  too  is attacked and almost choked.
Commissario Castanio discovers.
Someone has broken and cut off Ingram s left hand.
But it seems impossible to have gotten in or out.
The audience now begins to see a disembodied hand moving.
The hand attacks Cummins.
He is able to assuage the hand s quest by giving the hand Ingram s signet ring.
He locks the hand  but -- the hand has disappeared.
When Conrad and Holden appear to see what has happened.
Meanwhile  Donald Arlington remembers the combination and location.
Commissario Castanio and his father accompany him.
Where it is located.
They discover the old will.
Again  Ingram s distinctive piano playing is heard.
Donald Arlington flees the house with Conrad in pursuit.
He comes  and is not harmed.
Cummins discovers the hand again  nails it  and puts it in the safe.
Cummins tries to burn it.
When Holden discovers the hand.
But the hand crawls out and chokes him.
Commissario Castanio discovers.
A hidden record player and concludes that Cummins was playing it to scare people.
He theorizes.
Cummins cut off the hand  killed Duprex  and tried to kill Arlington.
<EOS>
Alleged serial killer Andrew Cunanan leaves a trail.
He travels to Miami  finally killing world-famous fashion designer Gianni Versace.
The film recounts Cunanan s life  including details on his four other victims and his efforts to evade a nationwide manhunt.
Would end.
<EOS>
A trio find.
They must make a heart-wrenching decision.
<EOS>
The film opens.
God is dead.
The two coworkers sit alone at a table debate existentialism from Nietzsche  to Sartre and Kierkegaard.
<EOS>
Moe and Larry marry Shemp s overweight sisters  and discover after the vows.
The girls are a couple.
The new bridegrooms vow revenge on Shemp for introducing them.
Later  Shemp has a voice lesson.
He is a music teacher.
He then discovers.
He has to marry a woman to receive $ 500000 from his dead Uncle s will.
The Stooges finally find Shemp s student  Ms.
Dinkelmeyer.
Several arrive at the Justice of the Peace s office  wreaking havoc in an attempt to marry Shemp for his money.
But Shemp weds the harridan  just.
Then discovers.
There is no dead Uncle or will  and that everything was Moe s and Larry s revenge.
Shemp gets so angry  he takes out a gun and shoots Moe and Larry.
They try to flee.
<EOS>
A rash have occurred in.
Cattle are slaughtered.
Sheriff Matt Doniphon and his deputies  Gene Autry and Frog Millhouse  watch.
They are driven.
The rustlers move in  radio the cattle s location  and then bring in refrigerator trucks.
The sheriff and his men leave.
The rancher and one are murdered  the cattle killed.
The carcasses taken away.
Newspaper editor Helen Morgan  responding  demands.
Sheriff Doniphon be replaced  claiming he is too old-fashioned to deal.
Gene defends the sheriff.
Having been raised after being orphaned as a young boy  Gene knows the man s character and abilities.
Helen  however  refuses to change her stance.
Gene and Frog grow suspicious.
Investigating the recent raids.
Owned and run by Jack and his brother Jim.
The deputies find the carcasses to see the hides.
Order to check the brands.
Lying  Jim tells them.
The cattle belong and that Slaughter has the hides at his ranch.
Gene and Sheriff Doniphon discover Frog locked in one of Jim s trucks.
They chase.
Jim shoots the sheriff.
Who is not seriously wounded.
Later that afternoon  Frog identifies Jim.
Who shot the sheriff.
Jim is taken.
Jack and Slaughter grow concerned.
Jim may talk and expose their operation.
That night  Slaughter breaks and beats Jim to death in his cell.
The next day  many demand  blaming him for the murder and the ongoing cattle raids.
Sheriff Doniphon resign.
Eustace P.
Quackenbush and his detectives are soon hired to put an end and restore order with their modern  scientific methods.
Jack learns.
Rancher Bidwell s men are all and alerts his rustlers to go to Bidwell s ranch  where Frog and Stubby lay in wait for the desperados  wearing a cow costume.
Frog sends an emergency message.
When he sees the rustlers approaching.
Who then uses the radio to call all local cowboys to defend Bidwell s ranch.
Hearing the broadcast  the rustlers attempt to flee.
Meanwhile   the automobiles used by Quackenbush and his detectives get stuck in the mud.
The cowboys ride and quickly round up the gang.
Sheriff Doniphon shoots Jack.
He attempts to use Helen  thereby proving to her that old-fashioned methods are still the best.
Gene and Helen ride back together  passing Quackenbush.
Frog and Stubby try to outrun a bull attracted.
Who is still stuck.
<EOS>
Fearful stating  the evil Queen Bavmorda imprisons all pregnant women within her realm  the formidable stronghold of Nockmaar.
A girl child will be born to bring.
The child  Elora Danan  is born and identified as the prophesied child by a birthmark on her arm.
Elora s mother convinces her reluctant midwife to escape.
The black sorceress arrives to claim the child.
Bavmorda sends her daughter Sorsha and General Kael  the leader.
The midwife to retrieve Elora.
Nockmaar hounds finally catch up with the midwife.
Knowing  she puts the baby and sends it downstream  trusting fate.
She ca nt escape.
To run its course  just before she is caught and torn apart.
The child washes up inhabited by a race of dwarf-like people called Nelwyns and is found by the children of Willow Ufgood  a farmer and amateur conjurer.
Willow is at first reluctant to take  but eventually comes to care for her.
The next day  Willow and his children attend a celebration.
Willow takes part.
A Nockmaar hound attacks the village.
Was tracking the baby.
Willow is chosen to return the child to the world of the large people  or Daikini.
The cause is found.
The first Daikini is a boastful warrior named Madmartigan  being held captive by the side of the road for theft.
Willow comes.
Seeing a way to escape his cage  Madmartigan offers to take care.
They meet the retreating army of the kingdom of Galladoorn   under the leadership of Madmartigan s old friend Airk Thaughbaer  an officer in the army.
Was recently destroyed.
Willow entrusts the baby.
Willow is attacked by a clan of brownies.
Who stole the baby.
Willow is taken.
Who tells him that the baby  Elora Danan  has chosen Willow to be her guardian.
She gives Willow her magic wand and commissions him to find the sorceress Fin Raziel.
They bump into Madmartigan again.
Who helps them escape.
Willow and the rest finally meet Fin Raziel  only to find.
The sorceress has been turned by Bavmorda.
Soon afterwards Sorsha captures Willow and the others.
They start the long trek.
Willow attempts to use magic to turn Fin Raziel back into her human form  but transforms her into a Rook instead.
Franjean and Rool cause further mayhem.
When they accidentally expose Madmartigan.
Eventually they manage to escape.
The group arrives.
Has been put.
Madmartigan  refusing to give up hope  prepares.
Willow once again fails to transform Raziel.
Sorsha  Kael  and their army arrive and give battle.
Willow encounters.
A few trolls  and after a botched magic spell  transforms one.
Luckily  the remnants arrive just in time to help their friends.
Amidst the melee  Sorsha finally realizes her love.
Kael  however  seizes Elora and takes her.
The heroes set up camp  preparing to storm the castle in a final attempt to rescue Elora.
Bavmorda turns most into pigs.
Raziel teaches Willow.
To protect himself.
Willow finally returns Raziel.
The sorceress is able to transform the soldiers back.
All despair proposes a trick to get them inside.
Nockmaar s walls seem impenetrable.
Raziel and Willow alone provoke the Nockmaar army into attacking them.
Airk s army comes out.
The Nockmaar army abandons the security.
Willow  Raziel and Sorsha ascend the castle s main tower trying to locate Elora.
Madmartigan  Airk  and his soldiers battle Kael and the Nockmaar army.
They find Bavmorda.
Will banish Elora s body and soul.
Below  Kael kills Airk  then engages Madmartigan.
Ends. 
Willow  using his sleight-of-hand trick  saves Elora and causes Bavmorda to get caught in her own ritual  banishing her own body and soul.
Willow leaves the baby.
Helps him develop his own magical abilities.
<EOS>
The short opens.
To get cheese across the Mexican-American border that is guarded by Sylvester.
Sylvester has eaten other mice.
Who have tried.
The leader comes up  retain the services of the aptly named Speedy Gonzales.
The group agrees  so the leader goes.
Where Speedy resides.
Speedy Gonzales is.
Which people try to shoot Speedy from a gun in order to win a beeg prize.
The leader tells Speedy   about the dire situation.
The mice are  not having access to the cheese guarded by Sylvester.
Speedy agrees.
Speedy runs.
He yells  andale.
Sylvester then throws a baseball.
It turns out.
Speedy is inside the baseball  and therefore able to get even more cheese to the mice.
Sylvester then tries using landmines and mousetraps.
Finally  Sylvester gets fed up and gets all the cheese from the factory and stacks them up.
Sylvester uses a bomb to blow up all the cheese.
The cheese boxes only explode  and much.
Where the mice are  causing Sylvester to cry and bang his head in annoyance.
Speedy then says I  he s silly.
<EOS>
The new British governor  Ewart Gray  arrives in full uniform by ship anticipating the excitement of a posting in the tropical Indian Ocean.
He is informed.
The last Governor had shot himself.
He finds.
His quarters are not ready.
He is invited to stay.
He soons finds their company.
Friendly  a little overbearing - and returns to stay despite it not being finished.
That evening he is visited.
Who introduces himself a drinks a large amount.
Ted was a scoundrel.
Gray is disappointed to see Ted arrested and brought up before him in court for encouraging a girl at the mission to steal some money.
He then spent before becoming involved in a drunken brawl.
Gray breaks Ted to three months hard labour on a neighbouring island.
Apendicitus. 
There the local headman suffers.
His sister travels out and successfully performs the operation.
Her brother  who functions as well as running the mission  is unwell.
She nurses the headman back.
Also tending.
She travels in a boat with Ted.
Who has now finished his sentence.
She strongly disapproves.
He and the crew are drunk.
She is horrified.
When the propeller fails.
They are forced to spend the night.
She is convinced.
Ted will try and molest her.
He leaves her alone all night - except to put some blankets on her to stop her becoming cold.
She is now slightly infatuated.
When they return.
Whom she can now see signs.
He remains repulsed  and ignores her gentle attempts to get to know him better.
His drunken behaviour carries on as before.
He is involved.
This time Gray is forced to sentence him to Australia.
His departure is delayed.
Sweeps the islands.
Only Martha can be spared to go to the northern islands to treat the outbreak there.
They are hesitant to let her go.
The governor and her brother are worried that the spread might encourage a native rebellion.
Ultimately they agree.
She takes Ted.
He refuses to help her.
When he is approached.
Later guiltily agrees to join her.
They discover.
They reach the northern islands.
The inhabitants have become hostile.
However Martha persuades them to let her help  reminding them.
She saved the life before.
They assent.
She and Ted throw themselves.
Slowly they grow extremely fond.
Finally embrace.
Each has made an emotional journey  Martha.
Ted has changed.
They are suddenly seized by a mob and threatened with death.
Pegged out  they are about to be trampled by an elephant.
The animal stops - recognising her as the woman.
Who had nurses his trunk months before.
Astonished  the native inhabitants let.
Them go.
Back  Martha and Ted marry.
He takes up playing the organ to accompany her.
Gray takes some satisfaction.
The number have been dramatically reduced since the last outbreak of disease.
<EOS>
Peter Kuban  a Hungarian displaced person and survivor of the Nazi concentration camps  stows away on a ship bound for New York City.
However  he is spotted and held.
He claims  but all he knows.
When they arrive.
He qualifies under an exception for those who helped Allied soldiers during the war.
He is a musician.
The authorities decide.
This is not enough and that he must be sent back.
He jumps off the ship  breaking some ribs  and starts searching.
He encounters an unemployed ex-factory worker named Maggie Summers.
Tom helps her keep away.
When she steals a coat.
They go.
Where she tends his injury.
Peter gives her all the money.
When Mrs Hinckley  her landlady  threatens to evict her.
He has.
Later  however  Eddie  the landlord s son  barges in and tries to become amorous.
Peter bursts out and starts fighting him  but gets the worst of it.
Maggie knocks Eddie out.
The pair flee.
The police are notified.
Meanwhile  Tom sees Peter s picture.
He wants to go.
His girlfriend Nancy persuades him to go.
She has arranged instead.
Tom leaves abruptly to try to help Peter.
He impresses band leader Jack Teagarden.
The fugitives are recognized.
The police grab Maggie.
Peter gets away.
She meets up.
Inspector Bailey believes.
Peter can stay  but only if they can reach him.
The ship will depart.
Peter must be jailed and deported.
The trio drive.
Peter slips and falls asleep.
She recognizes Peter.
When burlesque dancer Tanya gets after work.
However  she takes him home.
She explains.
When he asks why.
Her real name is Bella Zakoyla  and that she is a fellow Hunky.
Her immigrant mother approves.
Her brother Freddie does not want to risk getting  saying.
It is the responsibility.
The loud argument rouses Peter  sleeping.
He slips away.
Acting  Peter heads toward the United Nations building.
He is seen.
The police  Maggie  Tom and Bailey drive there.
Peter panics and flees.
Where he contemplates jumping.
However  Maggie and Tom get to reassure him.
He is now safe.
<EOS>
The film traces the events  California  owned by radio giant Clear Channel Communications  decided to alter the programming from progressive talk radio to sports talk.
When local radio station KLSD.
Local activists hold protest rallies and try to persuade the owners to keep the liberal format  the only outlet in the San Diego market.
The station was being considered for the change  it ranked.
1 spent listeningDaily Kos article about station ratings and TSL and had a growing market share.
It also explores the history  the move to deregulate  and the impact from deregulation.
Allowed  to the point where a majority of all media are controlled by just five major corporationsMedia Reform Center.
<EOS>
The Stooges are private eyes.
Who are called.
Goodrich reports.
The Phantom Gang  of which his own niece is a member  have been murdering socialites.
The Stooges arrive  Goodrich is out cold and locked away  with the butler greeting the trio.
Goodrich s niece flirts  ultimately trying to poison him.
Finally  a towering goon named.
Nikko chases the Stooges.
He literally bumps.
Shemp knocks Nikko cold.
Who spills the Phantom Gang s plot.
A fight then ensues out.
The Stooges ultimately get the baddies.
<EOS>
Officer Song Yeon-hwa is briefed about Park Pung-shik  an alleged gigolo.
Who preys.
One is the police chief s wife.
Who refuses to testify  despite giving him $.
Song is told to go undercover.
Order to secure evidence leading.
She finds the mild-mannered Park and talks to him over coffee.
Where he mentions that he ballroom dances.
Song asks him.
He came to become a dancer.
He starts his story.
Years ago  Park was living a life  despite being married with a baby boy.
One day he ran by chance.
They spent the next few weeks partying every night.
Soon Man-su approached him  asking.
He could use one to teach ballroom dance  openly admitting that he is a gigolo.
Park vocally turned him down.
A co-worker ended up giving Man-Su permission.
The classes proved to be a great success.
Man-su asked Park.
He would want to help teach the classes.
Initially  Park refused  not wanting to be a part.
Eventually he agreed to take a single lesson.
Park instantly fell in love with dance.
Park assisted Man-su in his lessons by day  and took additional ones from him at night  his entire life being obsessed with dance.
However  this happiness came.
When Park s office was trashed.
That night  Man-su met Park saying  just as a way.
He would be going  revealing that he does nt think of dance as art.
Park was inflamed and resolved to redeem dance from the image of scumbags like.
Park left his home  wife  and child.
Studios were.
To dance properly.
His teachers included geriatric old man the waltz  a quickstepping rancher  a steelyard worker  and a construction worker.
Who could barely move unless he was dancing Jive  an alcoholic lighthouse keeper who threw himself after he finished teaching Park.
Who danced the cha-cha-cha  a monk who could paso doble.
Who taught him the tango.
Park finally returned home to his family.
Song relays this part.
Who is struck.
However  Song expressed doubt.
Someone who could pursue dance so earnestly could be a swindler.
Back  Song asks Park to teach her.
To dance.
She fell in love with dance with the first step of her jive.
She stalls on getting more testimony from Park  instead taking numerous dance lessons from him.
Eventually  the two go out together.
He continues his story.
The only thing on Park s mind was dance.
He eventually lowered himself.
Order to dance.
There he met a woman.
He only referred as Madame.
They began to waltz together nightly.
Park was happy just to be dancing.
Madame wanted more out  eventually forcing herself upon him.
Park cut off all contact with Madame  despite her persistent efforts to get in contact with him.
He decided to meet with her.
Park made up a story.
Order to spare her feelings.
He could nt see her because he had to tend.
This touched her heart and the next day.
She gave him an envelope.
Park went through a long string of dancing relationships  each ending similarly  with him receiving an envelope of money.
He used this money to provide.
His married life seemed to have improved.
Man-su caught up once again  telling him.
Though he was in and out that he heard about Park s exploits  and that he was quickly becoming a legend in the gigolo community.
Park was disgusted.
He angrily maintains.
He is not a gigolo.
However  this belief was brought.
When he was attacked.
Park ran  also taking her child to the recital.
Taking his son.
Park agreed to have one last waltz with Madame  dancing to the sound of their children singing.
Park s wife arrived  and angrily slapped him.
They were finishing their dance.
Soon.
They were divorced.
Song turns on Park calling him a gigolo.
Park denies this.
Song leaves all the same.
She meets her superior telling him.
She does nt have it and asking to be removed from the case.
Torn and her disgust at Park  she tracks down Man-su asking him.
Where she can find Park.
Where he will be.
Park met woman named Ji-yeon at the cabaret bar.
They began dancing rumba together.
He fell for one of his partners  her soft-spoken purity enraptured him.
However  she did nt reciprocate his feelings  eventually falling out with him.
Ji-yeon told him.
When they finally meet again.
Her cafe was.
They met again.
This and Park gave her an envelope.
Ji-yeon s brother walked so viciously.
They are.
He ends up in the hospital Song would go undercover.
Park went out to the cabaret bar every night hoping to see her again.
Man-su found him and told him.
Ji-yeon was actually an escort  as famous as Park is.
He also told him.
Where she would be that night.
Song and Man-su race does something foolish.
However  Park is already there and confronts.
Who is working another mark.
She publicly denies knowing Park.
Later she coldly acknowledges him  telling him to stop acting.
This sets him off.
He grabs her.
Song arrives just  the police arrive just after.
They arrest him.
Two Years later  ballroom dancing has been legitimized  rebranding itself as DanceSport.
Song now runs a dance studio herself.
She manages to find Park.
Who is living.
Park claims.
He no longer dances.
Song reignites his passion.
<EOS>
Ramachandran got a job in T.
K.
P.
Memorial College   led.
To find that the college is full.
P.
Ramachandran has helped the students.
Who was beaten.
Ramachandran fights.
He is murdered.
A student   later kills Ranjith.
Whom Ramachandran had saved.
The film is based.
<EOS>
The downtown streets are flooded with crowds.
Who have turned out to hear various presidential candidates trying to convince voters to elect them.
Olive wonders aloud.
No women are running.
Olive beans Popeye.
Snarls Yes   Popeye suddenly finds himself.
I were President  Unconscious.
Where Olive herself is.
Olive promises luxuries.
The once skeptical Popeye now applauds his girlfriend s dream  and   Olive wins the election.
She becomes the country s first female President  and quickly tames a Congress populated  jackass Democrats and elephant Republican Party.
Popeye awakens.
Olive Oyl soon finds herself riding a parade float  dressed   for Presidink  Olive Oyl.
An enthusiastic Popeye shouts.
<EOS>
Visiting her two sisters and brother  singer Petey Brown lands a job.
She falls with down-and-out ex-jazz pianist Sand Thomas.
Evading the sleazy Toresca s heavy-handed passes.
Who has never quite recovered.
The no-nonsense Petey must wait.
Solving the problems.
Sand decides whether to start a new life or sign on with a merchant steamer.
<EOS>
Mutter Krause  her daughter Erna and her son Paul live.
Lives the Tenant  his soon-to-be bride Friede   and her child.
Who works.
Whose name is nt revealed.
Mutter Krause is a quiet  long-suffering old woman.
Who earns what little she can delivering newspapers.
However  Paul is an alcoholic and spends all her money.
Mutter Krause ca nt pay back the money.
She owes the man whose newspapers she delivered.
He accuses her and threatens her with arrest.
Mutter Krause must then pawn her last valuable possession  a treasured memento.
Paul then breaks.
He gets away but is later arrested.
Meanwhile  Erna begins dating a young man.
Who turns Erna and also helps her earn the money her mother needs by more honest means.
She meets a man.
Who can help her.
However  Mutter Krause does nt know.
Mutter Krause turns and kills herself along with Friede s child.
Erna and Max are.
<EOS>
Sanjana plays a dual character.
Where the first half has some rural backdrop while the second half has the city life.
Aarya  makes his debut entry.
Who is a nephew.
<EOS>
Renaud dies.
His girlfriend Armelle ca nt forget him.
Her sisters suggest.
She could go.
Armelle encounters Hyppolite.
Who looks exactly.
<EOS>
The film opens showing the day-to-day life.
Paulette lives alone  dedicated  in particular her cats  and her garden.
Her worst fear is.
However  she is sent.
When she takes a fall.
Who then advise that she recovers  much to her dismay.
Meanwhile  Camille  an artist and cleaning lady  lives a lonely and anorexic life.
One day she meets the shy postcard salesman Philibert.
Who is.
This belonged  and is filled with heirlooms.
Philibert has arranged his life to have.
Instead he lets his lodger  Franck - - take care.
Who works.
Philibert and Franck are complete opposites  Philibert is a gentleman.
Who stutters when anxious.
Franck is constantly busy  brash  gruff  confrontational and confident.
He works long hours  and habitually spends his only day off going to visit his grandmother Paulette.
Who raised him.
Camille reaches out  inviting him to ` picnic  in her attic.
They hit it off.
Camille then has her hair cropped  maniere de petit garcon.
Philibert s sexual orientation is also not delineated.
Camille becomes severely bedridden.
Having no reason to know she is  he feels protective towards  and worried.
Unwell. 
He enters her attic  finds her in a desperately weakened state  and carries her down to his apartment.
He assumes.
When she recovers.
She will stay on.
This development is very unwelcome.
Who is permanently stressed-out by drinking  playing angry punk rock  and entertaining women.
The only outlet is his care and concern towards his grandmother.
Many heated arguments pass  the latter annoyed at her presence and the former finding him rude and disrepectful.
This reaches a crisis.
When  whilst drunkenly directing an erotic dance  he refuses to turn down the music.
Camille storms out and throws his boom-box out.
She later rectifies the situation.
Franck attempts to explain his behaviour  but acknowledges.
He is difficult  and that he finds her presence an irritant.
The turning point comes.
When  determined to return  Camille can not find the key.
Franck tells her.
He has it but refuses to give it back.
He says.
It is he who should leave  asking that she stay.
He says.
He will definitely leave unless she stays.
Meanwhile  Philibert has joined a comedy club from a woman.
Whom he has recently taken a very strong liking.
Initially  people laugh  however he takes classes and discovers.
It disappears when he performs.
Philibert later gives a show  demonstrating considerable comic talent  at the start.
Which he proposes.
Paulette is eager to return home  however she is too fragile to live alone.
Camille   convinces Franck to let her live.
Who has become close.
Where she will quit her unsatisfactory job in order look.
Initially hesitant  Franck agrees and his grandmother moves.
Franck and Camille   enter a period of flirting.
Whose relationship turned a corner with the stereo.
However   Camille sets the rule.
When this evolves.
Franck is visibly upset and withdraws emotionally.
He has already fallen with her.
Paulette later returns for a week  with Camille resident to help out.
However almost immediately she passes away.
As she wanted.
Philibert s apartment is sold by his.
The trio break up.
Camille  realising  tries to contact him.
She is.
They go out.
She waits outside his restaurant.
Where Franck reveals he is moving at the end of the week.
Camille suggests  so he could be his own boss.
He should stay  and buy a restaurant where they had eaten for her birthday.
Franck  sick  asks her.
She does nt just ask him to stay.
Later that week  Camille arrives just to say goodbye to Franck.
Finally she is able to beg him to stay.
He replies.
He has already left.
Heartbroken  Camille walks out.
Where she receives a call.
He tells her  crying and lost.
He s worried that she is walking all alone.
He pretends to be passing.
He has instead followed her.
She denies his concerns and pretends to be OK.
He shoulder-taps her and calls her bluff.
The two kiss passionately  happy to be together again.
The film ends.
Is evidently highly popular.
Franck s demeanour is entirely changed  he is no longer gruff and stressed  but personable and generous.
Camille  Philibert and his wife all work there as well.
Someone jokes.
When Franck sees Camille admiring a baby.
When it s her time to be a mother.
Franck picks Camille up and takes her out back to his office.
<EOS>
Bugs is happily minding his own business  playing a banjo and singing A Rainy Night.
Nearby  an opera singer named.
Giovanni Jones rehearses Largo al Factotum.
Overhearing Bugs  he absent-mindedly finds himself singing along  and loses his temper.
Giovanni angrily confronts Bugs and breaks the banjo strings and the banjo itself  crushing the neck and then slamming the body over Bugs  head.
He hears Bugs singing My Gal Is a High-Born Lady and playing a harp.
Giovanni practices again.
He tries to ignore Bugs  but again ends up singing and dancing along.
Giovanni angrily confronts Bugs once again.
He grabs Bugs  puts him in the harp  and crushes his neck inside the harp like a vise.
The sound seems to come out of his mouth.
Giovanni tries to sing again later.
The sound is coming.
When Yuba Plays the Rhumba.
Giovanni reaches down  pulls him out  ties him by his ears to a tree branch  and yanks him.
The rabbit promptly ducks.
So that he bounces up and down  bonking his head repeatedly.
This means war.
Giovanni walks away  an enraged Bugs decides its time  and says his famous line  Of course you know.
First  Bugs vibrates the roof to disrupt the singer s vocals.
Then he hammers it and gets trapped.
Giovanni moves and falls.
Bugs pulls him out and takes him backstage.
Next Bugs sprays Giovanni s throat.
Shrinks his head as well his voice.
Next  Bugs dresses up and asks Giovanni for an autograph  only the pen is a stick of dynamite.
Giovanni steps out to the stage with a singed face and evening wear torn to shreds.
He takes a couple and then collapses.
Bugs poses.
The highly respected Leopold Stokowski to take over the conducting duties  even breaking the baton and using his hands instead.
Bugs makes Giovanni sing various notes.
Bugs cracks his knuckles  winds up his fists  and conducts Giovanni into holding a singular high G note.
Giovanni can hardly endure the strain.
His face turns different colors.
He squirms and unravels his formal wear.
Bugs leaves his glove hovering to order a pair of earmuffs.
Are delivered instantly after Bugs places the order.
Bugs returns to find but is now thrashing about on the floor banging his fists  his face still turning various colors.
Giovanni has obeyed the glove and is still singing the high note.
Finally  the top shatters and tumbles down on top of Giovanni.
A roughed-up Giovanni appears out of the rubble to take a bow.
Witnessing one last piece  Bugs again cues the singer to close out his performance with the high note.
That the piece falls and crushes him.
Satisfied  Bugs removes his wig and ends the performance by playing the Vaudeville-era four-note tune  Good Evening Friends  on a banjo.
<EOS>
The main character is Goose.
Goose is leader.
The Ravens have an ongoing feud  led by the sadistic goon Danny.
Goose loves the criminal life.
He quits the Ravens.
When his girlfriend Christie threatens to leave him.
First  he goes.
Two Spiders break  killing Christie in the process.
He is gone.
He feeds her corpse and then moves in with his Vietnam Veteran junkie father.
When Goose finds her body.
<EOS>
Shaukeen has 3 lecherous old men.
Who decide to go away.
They hire a driver Mithun.
Who ends up convincing them to go to Goa where he had his lover  who works.
The three old men get.
They try to impress her and try to get lucky  oblivious to the fact that she is their driver s lover.
Mithun Chakraborty and Rati Agnihotri also star.
The old men dominate this delightful comedy.
<EOS>
Vince is depressed.
Six -- Neil  Mikey  Graham  Matt  Patrick and Banksy  -- decide to take him on a boy s weekend.
Of whom have their own women problems.
They hire a minibus driven to Moodley  a village.
Where the women allegedly outnumber the men.
Banksy misses the bus and travels.
Arriving  the boys find it quiet and surprisingly devoid of women.
The men notice a hooded teenage girl Alison Carroll being attacked by a man in military uniform.
They rush  the hooded teen takes the soldier s knife and stabs Neil.
They run but discover that Candy  their once-hot bus driver has already become infected.
More infected women appear and begin to attack them.
They retreat.
The soldier admits.
The town has been infected.
The men make another attempt to get  using the wounded Neil to lure Candy away.
However two other infected women had joined her and chase the men back.
They scatter  hiding in a toy store  a clothes shop  and the butcher shop.
Patrick gets trapped.
Neil runs but is taken prisoner by a morbidly obese woman.
Who cuts off his little finger and eats it.
Neil eventually escapes and is joined  after their own misadventures  in the local church.
There they discover a military command center.
Matt powers up the computers.
They talk briefly.
She had been involved.
The soldier finds a control box and explains.
It is a sonar device designed to emit a high pitched sound that will stun the zombified women once they have evolved further that are faster  more intelligent and weirder.
The women so change.
It is revealed to have stopped working.
When the soldier uses the sonar device.
He is then killed.
Matt bludgeons the.
Traumatized.
What he has done.
Had appeared.
The men barricade themselves on the roof of the church.
More zombies break in.
Banksy eventually arrives.
He soon recognizes the seriousness and fetches a ladder to get them off the roof.
He believes his friends to be high on drugs.
Graham is then attacked.
Banksy leads the surviving group  definitely not big enough for all of them.
All argue.
Patrick is attacked and dies a bloody death.
Everyone else heads.
Where Banksy is killed off Candy.
Vince berates Neil and Mikey.
Who treat their women poorly but get away.
Men like him and their dead friends treat women  only to be discarded or killed.
He resolves to be more.
The voice crackles over the.
They can drive away.
Graham powers up the stun-device using a high-voltage power supply.
He makes his way out.
The men are able to stop the women in their tracks  however Vince inadvertently drops and breaks it.
The infected are once again unleashed and   the four make a run for it  laughing.
<EOS>
Anand Grover  better known  is victimized for making fun of his principal  Y.
D.
Billimoria  years ago.
Annie is repeating his fifth year for the fourth time.
He spends his hours.
Is the best part  by ` giving it those ones.
His latest idea is to plant fruit trees.
Where rural India defecates daily.
The fecal matter will provide the necessary compost.
The trains   will automatically water the plants.
Annie keeps two hens and earns a modest sum by selling the eggs  until one day of them.
His friend  Mankind  and his Ugandan roommate  Kasozi  make a roasted meal out.
Soon  however  hirsute Arjun and his girlfriend Radha -- a non-conformist student -- present Annie.
Who steals cigarettes and talks back to the teachers.
Many adventures later  the day to submit the thesis draws near.
Annie  urged  apologises to Yamdoot.
A panel call the students one by one for their final interviews.
The tension mounts.
Radha goes dressed but wears a man s hat to detract from her sober attire.
To make sure  Radha and Arjun work out a plan.
Annie gets a sympathetic hearing.
Yamdoot receives a phone call  in actuality Mankind.
When Annie is called.
The trick works and the weary panel gives Annie a good grade.
Annie arrives with heavy books under his arm  his hair shaved off.
A butterfly painted.
He informs his friends.
He has decided to study law and then sue Yamdoot.
But subsequently  Annie joins the staff and   even becomes the head of the Department of Design.
When Yamdoot retires.
The movie features Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan of his earliest roles  as an architecture student.
<EOS>
The movie starts off  aka Sam are doing a photo shoot.
When two photographers Makrand  aka Mac and Shyam.
His fiancee leaves due to Mac s closeness to the models.
Mac is shooting the models.
Their boss calls them and tells them.
They are good-for-nothing photographers.
He threatens to reduce their pay.
They do nt get some good pictures to make his magazine Garam Masala famous.
Both Mac and Sam ask Maggie  the boss s secretary   at the same restaurant at the same time.
A pickpocket takes Mac s and Sam s wallets.
All three meet up.
The competition to impress Maggie heightens thus evoking humorous events.
Which Sam and Mac leave Maggie to pay the bill.
Sam visits a famous photographer  praising him and asking.
These stolen shots help Sam to win the world photography competition.
He gets promoted  is given ten percent and has his pay doubled  whilst Mac receives a demotion to assistant.
Sam flies off to enjoy his holiday  leaving Mac fuming in Mauritius.
The chief editor persuades Mac to show up Sam.
Mac gets a high-quality flat and gets access to three beautiful air hostesses.
His driver  Babban  is his key.
Not only does Babban get Mac access  he delivers very high-end cars to impress his fiancees.
He drives Mac s cars and does all his services.
Lastly  Babban gets Mac a housekeeper  Mambo.
Who has an attitude problem and does nt care what goes on so long as his demands are met.
He has affairs and creates chaos.
Sam returns  only to find.
His friend turned rival  playing around.
He tries to help his friend and tries out his own luck.
The story turns.
When it s hard to maintain the three girls simultaneously.
Mac s original fiancee learns.
It creates a bigger mess.
They begin to realise their mistakes.
When their cook Mambo leaves.
Mac tries to get back together.
<EOS>
Willard Young is a 10-year-old boy.
Who is sent.
Lily and her husband Ben have been living.
Willie makes friends.
Who teaches him to be comfortable.
He can now help Lily and Ben to connect  overcome grief and rediscover themselves.
When Willard gains a handle.
<EOS>
Tug is a naughty  fun film - in the great British Carry On tradition of cheeky.
Four college friends enter.
Who can go the longest.
Tug follows their trials.
Tribulations try to last ten torturous days.
<EOS>
Much finds himself trapped in the castle of an evil scientist  and needs the rabbit s brain to complete an experiment.
Who this time is a caricature.
A big red monster wearing a pair is sent out to retrieve him  with the promise of being rewarded with a spider goulash.
When Bugs makes a run.
Bugs keeps running.
A rock falls.
Where there are crocodiles swimming around.
He bumps.
He is walking backwards and praying to jump over the crocodiles.
Bugs comes up and makes as a gabby hairdresser  giving the hairy monster a new hairdo.
He gets some dynamite sticks and places them.
He lights them and runs off just.
Rudolph realises and goes.
He was tricked.
Bugs sees vanishing fluid.
He pours it.
Bugs gets.
A trash can and dumps it.
Then he gets a mallet and hits  and pulls out the rug.
The trash can causing it to shake.
Rudolph is standing on  causing him to fall on his bottom.
Bugs takes a bottle of reducing oil and pours the entire contents over Rudolph.
Who lets out a roar and shrinks.
Putting and grabbing two suitcases  Rudolph enters a mouse hole  kicks its resident out and slams the door.
Bears a sign saying I QUIT.
Bugs eats a carrot.
Suddenly  the mad scientist restores him  insisting the rabbit hand over his brain  throwing an axe straight towards Bugs.
Who ducks.
The axe breaks open a large bottle.
Drugs Bugs and the scientist.
The groggy scientist chases.
Bugs trips the scientist.
Who falls asleep.
Bugs runs slowly out  tripping over a rock and falling asleep  landing in a stream into his flooded hole.
Leads Bugs straight back.
He suddenly wakes up and declares.
It must have been a nightmare.
The miniature Rudolph passes and tells him in a high-pitched voice  Oh yeah.
<EOS>
Oliver Reed has married former co-worker Alice Moore.
They now have a six-year-old introverted daughter  Amy.
Amy has trouble  no matter.
She spends too much time daydreaming.
Much Oliver tries to encourage her to make friends and cope.
Irena appears up a friendship.
Amy finds a photo.
Amy befriends Julia Farren  an aging actress.
Who is alienated.
Whom she suspects to be a spy only pretending to be her relative.
Oliver  angry for repeatedly speaking of her new imaginary friend  punishes her.
Amy runs out.
When Irena announces to Amy that she must leave her.
A snow storm comes up.
Amy seeks shelter.
Barbara  mad and jealous  intends to strangle the girl.
Amy sees Irena s features in Barbara and embraces her.
Barbara  perplexed  spares her life.
Oliver arrives and takes Amy home  promising to accept her fantasies.
<EOS>
Eddie is a martial artist and hip hop dancer.
He befriends a poor old man named Mini.
Mini later falls with Eddie s older sister  Ying.
Later  Eddie s cousin  Stella  falls.
Eddie actually has his eyes.
Meanwhile  Kenny also has his eyes.
There is a fighting champion who is obsessed.
<EOS>
Tatyana is a beautiful Soviet nurse  so she turns a prostitute catering under a protection from the militsiya and the KGB.
Who is underpaid.
She becomes well paid  and helps her ailing mother to survive.
Tatyana s international clients enlighten her  so she accepts a marriage.
Order to escape.
But  she still suffers.
Being married abroad.
Her new life is full.
<EOS>
The eleven-year-old Deirdre suffers.
Eugene and Ruth have consulted heart specialists - but without any success.
Now they have gone to ensure.
Her last days are as pleasant.
The nine-year-old neighbour boy Phillip is the only one.
Who brings a little happiness  since Deirdre knows exactly what is wrong with her.
The end comes faster  Deirdre and Phillip succeed anyway.
Everybody had thought.
<EOS>
John and Barbie Lomax have been married.
The marriage has seemingly reached breaking point.
John has been working hard on making a career for himself as a barrister.
Takes up all  leaving him exhausted and irritable.
He acts intolerantly and dismissively.
The marital relationship comes.
The couple argue  bicker and snipe constantly.
Realising  they agree.
The poisoned atmosphere is not good to experience.
Divorce is the lesser evil.
They are unprepared.
Badly the children react when they break the news.
The children jump that family friend `  assuming from.
Uncle  Bill Ogden is to blame.
What they have seen that he has designs.
It does not explain the depth.
This is true.
John and Barbie are faced.
The wheels are set in motion.
What should happen  whether all should be given to the custody of one parent  or whether they should be split up.
Caught  the children take matters into their own hands  forcing their parents to reassess the wisdom of the path.
They are about to take.
Finally they are forced after realising the destructive effect of divorce on the children.
They look again and see.
They are still with each other.
Both have been partly to blame.
They decide not to go any further  and resolve in future to work with each other rather than carping and criticising.
<EOS>
Women Rachel Slurr and Emma Grashun plan to party with Nacho and Chuey.
The girls convince their reluctant friend Bubbles Cliquot to join them.
When the guys tell them that they have a third friend.
The girls drive.
Where they are joined  along with their partner Boner.
Bubbles tells her friends.
Boner had recently drugged and raped her.
Vowing to finish the job  Boner  Nacho and Chuey attack the girls.
Emma and Rachel are severely wounded.
Bubbles is able to call her mother Pinky LaTrimm and Tipper Sommore and escape.
Pinky and Tipper find Bubbles to rescue Rachel and Emma.
Instead  they are overpowered again outside.
Some time later  Bubbles awakens.
She learns.
Emma and Tipper are dead.
Her friend Fergus trains the three surviving women.
Bubbles is discharged.
Back  Boner  Nacho and Chuey break in and overpower her again  tying her to a chair.
Boner offers Bubbles a choice to die.
He momentarily turns his back.
Back Nacho and Chuey are unconscious.
When he turns.
Bubbles  freed  knocks him out.
A flashback reveals.
Bubbles  Pinky  and Rachel set a trap.
Boner regains consciousness to learn.
The women have placed switchblade knives.
Nacho and Chuey each recovers his knife and battles one of the women.
Rachel kills.
Chuey and Pinky battles Nacho until Boner recovers his gun and holds it.
Bubbles wrestles him and.
Pinky finishes off Nacho  Bubbles shoots Boner.
Pinky and Rachel each impale Boner wrenches a large knife out of Nacho s skull and splits Boner s head with it  finally killing him.
<EOS>
Shashi is a middle-aged Maharashtrian housewife.
Who earns some money.
She is a dedicated homemaker.
Who is taken.
She is ridiculed by her husband Satish and teenage daughter.
Shashi is the object.
Who has little respect  her 7th grade daughter who is ashamed to even introduce her mother to her school folks and teachers because her English is weak.
However  her young son Sagar loves her.
She is.
Shashi s sister   invites Shashi s family to come.
Who lives.
It is decided.
Shashi will go to help her sister set up everything for the marriage.
Her husband and kids will join her later.
When the wedding closes in.
She secretly enrolls herself.
Shashi is.
Promises to teach the language.
The class comprises a Mexican nanny  a Pakistani cab driver  a Chinese hairstylist  a Tamil software engineer  a quiet angry African kid.
A soft-spoken French chef named Laurent.
Shashi quickly emerges.
She also finds Laurent getting attracted to her plain simple personality.
Meanwhile  Shashi s niece finds out and supports and helps her in her literary pursuit.
Shashi starts watching English films and doing her homework religiously - all to polish her English reading and writing skills and more importantly to earn respect.
She duly deserves.
To complete the English speaking course each must take a final test  as announced by her teacher David Fischer.
The test is a 5 minute speech.
Each student should prepare and deliver.
Will be judged.
Shashi s family joins her.
This makes it difficult to attend the classes and prepare for her final test.
The test date coincides.
She misses the test.
Shashi s niece invites her English teacher and all her friends.
Shashi gives the speech  more of a toast to the couple at the wedding and stuns everyone.
The English tutor   declares.
Who is present.
She has passed the test and issues her the certificate.
Shashi s husband and daughter finally realize their mistake.
Shashi thanks Laurent feel better about herself.
The movie ends.
Shashi requests.
The stewardess has any Hindi newspapers.
<EOS>
Dr Savaard is obsessed.
A young medical student offers his services.
Savaard is arrested  convicted  and sentenced to hang.
He can bring him back.
He vows revenge before his hanging.
His assistant claims his body and revives him.
The vengeful Savaard goes.
<EOS>
The film opens a year.
He salvaged.
He is greeted.
Whose goal is to destroy the last to avoid another incident like that of what happened in Necropolis.
Nevertheless  one sprays three corpses with the gas  and revives three corpses.
Charles  is killed.
Meanwhile  Jenny  Julian  Cody and Becky  characters  receive notice of the murder of Charles.
Who are.
Julian and Jenny go to search and possibly sell.
What belonged.
They find the last two barrels.
One is taken to Cody.
Who tests the chemical.
Jeremy  Jenny s brother  tastes the chemical.
When he thinks that it is a drug similar.
He goes.
Which he foams.
What it was like.
The chemical is named Z on the living.
Cody  Jeremy and Shelby extract the chemical.
When Jenny and Julian leave the lab.
They put the liquid extract.
The sell to Skeet.
Most take more than one pill.
Skeet informs every to only take one pill.
Go. 
Sometime later  people are turning.
The drug is being passed  and getting out of control.
Seeing no other option  Aldo calls.
He is told.
An American bomber plane is already.
<EOS>
A mysterious cult has decided to take a new direction.
However  his cruel minded disciples have decided to take action.
Growing tired plans  they begin to take their malevolent acts one step further.
Two young girls  Annabel and Tina  are trying to make changes in their own lives.
Annabel prepares  a man.
She met  while Tina keeps focused on an important meeting that is sure to open up new doors in her life.
Soon these two worlds collide.
Annabel and Tina find themselves deep.
The long  dark history is revealed.
<EOS>
Betty Grable plays young Jane Morrow.
Who applies  and encounters her matinee idol.
He arranges.
He takes a liking.
Her to audition.
Jane is a hit  making her idol less favorable.
Jane soon finds herself engaged  so a battle of romantic wits ensues.
<EOS>
The characters now have children.
Who have managed to get many years ago.
However  this story is not simply a remake.
Firstly  all were accidental.
Whereas here everything is done.
His idea is to help his friend Evgeniy.
He dispatches Lukashin s son Kostya to Petersburg.
Where he acts.
He meets Nadejda.
She has a fiance called Irakliy  a businessman.
Kostantin s task is to lure Iracliy away  then wait for Nadejda s mother to come  he then makes her call Evgeniy Lukashin.
Pavlik persuades Evgeniy to go.
Petersburg.
The plot becomes a story  Konstantin vs.
Irakliy and Evgeniy vs.
Ippolit.
Finally Lukashins wins the competition.
Irakliy turns out to be too dull for Nadya and Nadejda understands that she was never with Ippolit.
<EOS>
A literary drama.
<EOS>
Retired schoolmaster Mussaddi Lal Tripathi  the quintessential Common Man troubled takes her to the hospital.
Where the utter negligence and vested interests result in her untimely death.
Mussaddi then along he sets out for his pilgrimage to the four Holy sites for the immersion of his wife s ashes.
Pension officers arrive at Mussaddi s house to enquire his status.
Musaddi s neighbour Gupta tells them.
Mussaddi has gone far away.
The Pension Officers interpret  and report him dead.
Mussaddi Lal has expired.
He discovers.
When Mussaddi returns.
He is dead.
He tries his heart out to make.
The Pension Office staff believe that he is alive.
They are not convinced at all.
They want proper proof.
Mussaddi Lal bemused and dejected sets out on his mission to gather proof.
He is alive while the Pension Office employees resolve that whatever proof Mussaddi brings they will not allow him to be officially alive since they have already mopped up his pension money.
Mussaddi decides and decides to take the law in his hands.
Does Mussaddi finally get his justice or does.
He remain a dead victim.
<EOS>
Detective Anna Manni travels on the trail of a serial killer.
Anna is struck.
Causes people to become overwhelmed.
The killer uses this disorder  kidnapping and raping her.
She escapes  but is deeply traumatized.
She eventually finds redemption and a whole new perspective.
<EOS>
Krishan owns an old bus.
He is facing lot.
He sold many valuable things to maintain this bus.
His friend Sundar was his only companion.
A mouse was also.
It ate.
The passport was after that mouse.
The story took a turn.
When gayathri entered the bus.
She was actually the daughter.
Her father forced her to join politics.
So she left home.
The police traced her out and had taken her back.
Her father was making arrangements with someone else.
Meanwhile Krishan realised.
He can not live.
Krishan and Sundar secretly entered her house.
Finally all ended well.
<EOS>
Two serial killers clash in a turf war  one is named Wheeler.
Who kills hitchhikers he picks up.
The other is named Walker.
Who is a hitchhiker who murders whoever gives him a ride.
Stacia  a recently divorced woman  falls.
Wheeler and Walker kill the driver and passengers -- save.
A transport bus breaks down.
Who left previously.
Fascinated  Wheeler and Walker examine each others  victims.
Wheeler murders a woman and hangs her body.
Pistol whips and decapitates a man.
Walker garrotes the bus driver  shoots a passenger  leaves another passenger to die tied by her wrists to a tree and wrapped in barbed wire  slaughters a punk  and partially skins his girlfriend before killing her.
Later   the two psychopaths play head games with each other and Stacia  clashing over.
Who will get to kill her.
Wheeler offers her a ride then assaults her while driving  handcuffing her.
She is leaving the motel.
He finds Walker  standing in the lane  and brakes to a stop just before hitting him.
Walker accepts a ride.
The two bicker and draw their pistols  ready to kill Stacia and each other.
Stacia  sitting  slams on the brakes and sends the two murderers through the windshield onto the road and causes the truck s cab to fall on its side.
Stacia unsuccessfully struggles to get Wheeler s gun.
The wounded Wheeler and Walker fight to determine who will kill her as an ambulance siren sounds.
Wheeler and Walker are side by side in the ambulance  still fighting and cursing at one another.
Finally  they cease and declares a truce  he used to torture the stoner s girlfriend.
Walker attempts to strike a deal as he points out how much fun the two off them could have with an ambulance  revealing that he still has his craft knife.
However  one rams syringes into their chests  apparently killing them both.
The new killer tells the driver that after they had eliminated their competition they plan to save Stacia.
<EOS>
A kidnapping goes down.
Blondie OHara s petty thief husband Johnny is taken and held prisoner at the Hey Hey Club  one of the hot spots of the Kansas City jazz scene.
Blondie herself kidnaps.
Mrs Stilton  the wife  played by Michael Murphy.
She wishes to blackmail the man.
Mr Stilton does everything.
He can in order to free his wife.
Meanwhile  Mrs Stilton comes to befriend Blondie.
She is impressed to her husband  contrasted to her own loveless marriage.
<EOS>
The mice orphans arrive  Orphan s Benefit.
They are given free lolly pops  ice cream  and balloons from the box office.
They file.
Donald Duck begins the show.
Mary Had a Little Lamb.
But  an orphan blows his nose and Donald gets frustrated.
When he says come blow your horn.
Mickey encourages him to continue.
The second time blow their noses.
Donald s temper flairs.
He challenges them to fight  but is forcibly removed.
The next performance is Goofy  Horace Horsecollar  and Clarabelle Cow performing an acrobatic dance.
Donald returns to have his revenge by reciting Little Boy Blue and blowing his own horn.
The orphans can respond.
One orphan use his ice-cream and shoot his ice cream a at him  provoking him further.
He is laughing.
The orphans punch him almost knocking him out.
Donald challenges them to fight again.
Donald is again removed.
Mickey then introduces the Barnyard Nightingale  Clara Cluck.
Who sings a clucking aria accompanied on piano.
Nearing the end  however  Clara has trouble.
Another orphan use a slingshot and lend her a hand.
Finally Donald returns and quickly recites one line - Little Boy Blue  come blow your horn - and waits for the orphans to interrupt him.
Yet  Donald continues the recitation.
They seem well-behaved this time.
But.
When he says Where is that boy who looks.
This angers Donald all the more  yet  they tie bricks and other heavy objects  float them over his head  and pop the balloons with their slingshots unleashing a barrage.
He challenges the orphans to fight again.
Culminates. 
Finally accepts defeat and exclaims.
When it s all.
Ah phooey!Changed  phooey.
<EOS>
Secretary Victoria Ainswell marries her wealthy elderly boss.
Soon he dies suddenly in suspicious circumstances.
The autopsy reveals.
The police have a murderer.
Everything points as the only person with means  opportunity and motive.
She is arrested and put.
She can provide no sensible explanation as.
Victoria is found guilty and sentenced to hang.
The car is involved.
She is being driven back.
Victoria is critically injured and is rushed.
Where brilliant doctor Noel Penwood fights desperately to save her life.
He finds.
A shard has pierced her heart  and has to perform extremely risky surgery to remove it.
Victoria is  Penwood learns.
She faces execution.
He is appalled.
He has saved her life so heroically  only for it to soon be taken anyway through process of law.
He listens to her story  believes in her innocence and starts to fall in love with her.
He smuggles her out of the hospital and puts her in hiding.
The now romantically-involved couple do some sleuthing  and finally stumble on the identity of the real killer.
The police are extremely grateful and apologetic.
Victoria is exonerated  leaving her free to pursue the romance.
<EOS>
A boss and his employees go to Cheung Chou  an island off the coast of Hong Kong.
The stingy boss rents a building.
Though he is aware that people had died there before.
He meets a young woman and courts her.
Meanwhile  the employees encounter abnormal events.
They suspect.
The woman might be linked.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
One night   she ends up in the room of an evil gambler.
Who hides her and then considers her his property.
He threatens to take away Shuiping.
She does nt keep giving him money.
However  she manages to hide her money.
She decides to enroll him.
When Shuiping is about 5 or.
Soon  however  the other parents learn  and complain  asking for his expulsion.
Shuiping s mother is a prostitute.
The principal goes to visit the mother.
Realizes. 
Seeing her genuine love.
He can not penalize Shuiping.
The school does nt agree  so he resigns.
Shuiping is expelled.
The mother decides to take both away to somewhere.
Where nobody knows them.
She takes the brick out.
The evil gambler has already found her hiding place and stolen the money.
She confronts him and demands the money back.
She hits him  killing him.
When he refuses.
She is sentenced.
The school principal comes to visit her.
He tells her.
He will take care.
She asks him to tell him  so he does not have to suffer the shame.
His mother is dead.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Irena Sendler is a Catholic social worker.
Who has sympathized since her childhood  when her physician father died of typhus contracted while treating poor Jewish patients.
Her idea is met by fellow workers  her parish priest  and even her own mother Janina.
When she initially proposes saving Jewish children.
Using forged identification to present herself to the enclave  Irena tries to convince the parents of young children to allow her to smuggle them out to safety.
Where the Jewish population has been sequestered.
Many fear.
They will never see them again.
She assures them.
She will document where each child is sent to facilitate their reunion once the war is over.
Others bemoan the fact.
Their children will be raised than their own and forget their religious beliefs and traditions.
Irena convinces.
Them this is a small price to pay for keeping them alive.
Is Stefan  a Jewish friend from her university days.
Eventually Irena is arrested and placed in captivity.
Where she undergoes interrogation accompanied.
However  she refuses to name those.
Who helped her.
She is sentenced by firing squad.
A guard  bribed by the Polish Home Army resistance movement  frees her.
Irena is taken to a remote rural farm.
Where she is reunited.
We learn.
She was nominated.
Real-Life Irena discusses her wartime efforts and pays tribute to the mothers and the women.
Who selflessly agreed to separate.
Who provided them.
<EOS>
The film starts off  one says west.
An old man are shown.
Says East  the other.
Japan has sent a mission.
The Japanese are surprised by the American culture.
One American  Gus Taylor  and his gang steal all the gold and make their way in to the desert.
One chases after the gang into the desert.
He is joined.
Whose father was killed.
The group picks up a variety.
The Japanese and the Americans share parts of their own cultures with each other.
The group eventually makes it to New Mexico and finds the gang.
They take back their stolen gold and return.
<EOS>
The son class-conscious 1900 British society by marrying an Irish servant.
The film chronicles 45 years together and apart.
<EOS>
Mortimer Brewster falls in love with Elaine Harper   and  on Halloween day  they marry.
Who grew in Brooklyn.
Mortimer visits the eccentric but lovable relatives  his elderly aunts Abby and Martha  and his brother Teddy.
Who raised him and who still live.
Who believes he is Theodore Roosevelt.
Each time Teddy goes upstairs  he yells Charge.
Mortimer finds a corpse hidden and assumes.
Teddy has committed murder.
His aunts explain.
They are responsible.
They explain.
They have developed what Mortimer calls the very bad habit.
The bodies are buried by Teddy.
Who believes he is digging locks and burying yellow fever victims.
To complicate matters further  Mortimer s brother Jonathan arrives.
Jonathan is a murderer trying to escape the police and find a place to dispose.
Jonathan s face   looks in his makeup as Frankenstein s monster.
Altered. 
This resemblance.
The reference was originally a self-referential joke due to the veteran actor renown for monster roles playing the character of Jonathan Brewster on stage.
N is frequently noted  much.
Jonathan   decides to bury Spenalzo in the cellar and soon declares his intention to kill Mortimer.
He also worries.
He will go insane.
Insanity runs.
He puts it.
But eventually Jonathan is arrested.
Teddy is safely consigned.
The two aunts insist.
Finally  Abby and Martha inform Mortimer  his real mother was the aunts  cook.
He is not biologically related.
His father had been a chef.
<EOS>
A United States-owned satellite blows up.
One  a beacon  is sent hurdling towards Earth to be swallowed by a crocodile.
Where it lands  only.
Back  Agent Buckwhiler and Deputy Director Reynolds reveal.
The beacon can change the axis of power in the world  so they send two agents  Robert Wheeler and Vaughn Archer  down to Australia to retrieve the beacon.
Department Director Ansell also secretly hires an operative  to go and retrieve the beacon before Wheeler and Archer  so Ansell can take Reynolds  job.
The crocodile lives in a river next to the house of Brozzie Drewitt  an obnoxious cattle station owner.
Swallowed the beacon.
Who is taking it to kill the crocodile for preying on her cattle.
The Department of Fauna and Fisheries send one of its workers  Sam Flynn  to Drewitt s house.
Sam attempts to convince Brozzie to hire some professionals to relocate the animal.
Is illegal.
Brozzie attempts to kill the crocodile later that night  only to fail.
Meanwhile  the Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin and his wife Terri are filming a documentary.
When they are hired to to relocate the crocodile that has been bothering Brozzie.
Steve successfully gets the crocodile.
Wheeler and Archer are nearby using GPS technology to track the beacon.
They are convinced.
When the two agents see Steve and Terri zoom in their boat with the crocodile who swallowed the beacon on board.
The Irwins have the beacon.
They call up the CIA.
Who believe the Irwins plan to use the beacon to pay to Australia Zoo.
Steve and Terri board up the crocodile and put it in the back of the truck to drive to a new river system.
Wheeler and Archer follow them.
Steve believes them to be poachers.
When Wheeler hops.
Who are.
Steve climbs up and  after a brief fistfight  manages to knock Wheeler off the truck.
Steve opens the crocodile s crate and discovers.
When the Irwins reach the river.
The crocodile had defecated.
Steve sees.
A shiny metal object which he mistakes to be a misproperly discarded children s spinning top toy.
Steve and Terri successfully get the crocodile.
Wheeler and Archer show up again.
Jo Buckley shows up and throws sticks of dynamite down on Wheeler and Archer s boat  destroying it and knocking the two agents in the river.
Steve believes and  not wanting the dynamite to hurt the newly relocated crocodile   causing it to crash and seemingly kill Buckley.
He and Terri are caught up.
Gets a rope out and lassoes the aircraft.
It turns out.
Buckley did indeed survive.
She swims to shore to inform Ansell.
She failed.
Ansell informs Buckley.
He is currently.
He is successfully found  ending the phone call.
The CIA decides.
They call up President George W.
Bush to request permission to use military helicopters to fly to Australia and get the beacon.
Steve is ending his documentary.
When the military helicopters arrive.
Steve hands them the beacon revealing  and   the CIA send Wheeler and Archer to work at the zoo as volunteers.
The whole predicament was a misunderstanding.
Brozzie herself becomes a volunteer as well.
<EOS>
Georges Masse undergoes a dangerous mission by taking secret documents from Tangiers to London.
<EOS>
A man returns.
Show him a house or two.
Still single he has a real estate agent.
The agent invites him to dinner then him.
His wife start bickering  causing the poor fellow to rethink marriage over.
He decides.
He wants to share his home so he has his agent s sister-in-law move in.
Later both fell in love.
<EOS>
A man named and has only has six months.
Manuel Pineda is ill.
To live.
There is one thing left.
He wants to do  which is to find Corazon  his beloved.
His family has its own problems.
His son Rod is still.
Rod s son  Kyle  has recently been dumped.
Manuel starts to search Corazon.
She is not there.
Rod and Kyle pick him up.
Their car breaks down.
Manuel takes this opportunity to tell them.
He was.
Manuel s past is revealed.
Manuel s best friends include a fellow teen named Domingo and two lasses both named Corazon.
They refer as Cora and Azon.
Manuel falls with the lively and cheery Azon  not knowing.
Cora has a secret crush.
Unfortunate news arrives.
When Azon tells Manuel that her mother wants to move far away.
Azon asks Manuel to come.
Manuel declines.
The night together  Azon gives Manuel a piece of her pendant  and tells him.
If the pendant returns her necklace then they are meant to be together.
Manuel wakes up.
Not long  the Second World War erupts in the Philippines.
Manuel and Domingo join the army.
Azon tries to find a way to say goodbye  but is unable to reach him.
However  she manages to meet Domingo.
Who explains the situation.
Azon gives Domingo her address and tells him to tell Manuel to find her.
Domingo and Manuel are captured by the enemy and walks the Death March.
Domingo is so wounded badly.
He ca nt walk.
Domingo gives Manuel Azon s address  and then forces him to leave.
Manuel reluctantly follows  and eventually survives the war.
He is reunited in a hospital.
Where she is a nurse.
Manuel sees Cora cares deeply and ended up making love with her.
Waiting to recover.
Cora is soon pregnant.
She marries Manuel.
She decides to leave Manuel seeing.
Cora gives birth.
He is still.
She gives him half a picture  saying.
She leaves.
If the two halves are reunited again  that means that they are meant to be together  much.
Manuel s son and grandson reluctantly decides to help even after concluding.
It is the woman that broke up their family they were searching.
It was revealed.
All was looking for Cora  whom he realized he really loved after he left her.
The story ends.
When  Manuel and Corazon dance.
Manuel passes some time later.
<EOS>
Cuco Gomez-Gomez has just been found.
Actor/writer-director Francisco Lorite and an eclectic ensemble cast  bring you a stylized  off-kilter comedy-noir  part murder mystery  part mockumentary.
<EOS>
Gloria is the spoiled daughter.
Who is bankrupt.
Her father asks her to take Marcos  the son  out for a swim in the ocean.
She does so  using her father s yacht and accompanied.
Gloria is caught kissing Marcos.
Danny is jealous and throws Marcos with a life preserver.
To scare Marcos  he then drives the boat.
Marcos has disappeared.
When they return.
Afraid  they discuss alibis and try to figure a way out of their predicament  first destroying their relationships and then themselves.
<EOS>
It is based by Ivan Yefremov and follows the story of a group of humans on the spaceship Tantra.
Who are tasked.
They discover.
Artificial radioactivity has killed almost all life.
The ship is trapped by the gravitational force of an Iron Star and lands on a planet orbiting the star.
Surrounded.
Who destroy human nervous system.
<EOS>
An utterly unprepared law intern  Rick Robinson  is given a rare opportunity to score points with his boss  Maxwell McAllister and without thinking  commits to a favor.
He can not afford.
Rick soon finds.
Himself stuck his boss s worldly possessions.
To make matters worse  he is left.
The trip meets several snags.
The truck breaks down.
Rick s clothes are burned.
Later  another breakdown results.
He is rescued.
Who finds a motel room.
Orlie asks to accompany Rick and Michelle  and is accepted.
Rick believes he owes him a favor.
Michelle takes a shine.
They proceed to have fun.
Rick decides to leave him behind.
Orlie forces Rick.
He and Michelle grow closer  following a stop at a Texas beach.
Rick permits Michelle to drive   due to fatigue.
He wakes to find.
Michelle has taken them.
Consequently  Rick is forced with his mentally ill father  an experience.
Which Michelle apologizes.
They grow even closer.
Michelle relates her life growing up.
The pair travel.
Where the truck runs out.
A semi comes.
Which Orlie is traveling.
The truck is stolen by men working for local crime boss The Lady.
The Lady forces Rick and Orlie to fight.
He returns the truck  impressed.
Crossing  Orlie spots a landscape.
Matches a drawing.
He believes.
He has switched bodies  and believes that the person now occupying his body will arrive here.
A switch can then take place.
Orlie leaves Rick and Michelle  telling them to keep going.
He rejects Michelle s assertions.
The window to safely arrive back in Miami for the bar exam narrows.
There is something special.
Rick drives straight  arriving in Malibu.
Where Mr McAllister is waiting at his beachside property.
He states.
Rick has arrived late  but does not appear overtly concerned.
Realizing  Rick rushes.
He must hurry to fly back.
McAllister has arranged  leaving Michelle asleep in the truck.
Rick realizes.
He is making a terrible mistake as he observes the Polaroid photos Michelle has snapped.
Knowing  he scrambles out to Malibu.
He is meant to be.
Finding Mr McAllister  Rick confesses his feelings.
McAllister  having heard similar sentiments  thanks him for returning and asks him to take care of her.
McAllister adds.
His law firm will be opening a Los Angeles branch.
The movie ends.
Rick reunites on the beach.
A man approaches Orlie back.
<EOS>
Several people gather.
All are tormented and forced to participate in a series of games about death and murder.
Which the true character starts to emerge.
<EOS>
Set  Kafka tells the tale of an insurance worker.
Who gets involved after one of his co-workers is murdered.
The underground group  responsible  attempts to thwart a secret organization.
Controls the major events.
He eventually penetrates the secret organization.
Order to confront them.
<EOS>
Moving Picture World offered this plot summary  Moving Picture World  April 20  1918  reprinted.
Mock and Cedric Larson  Words that Won the War  The Story  Macas  a mighty man  is a blacksmith in Louvain  in Berlin lives the Kaiser.
A captain knocks the Kaiser down and then commits suicide.
The Kaiser soon after starts the world war.
Louvain is invaded  the blacksmith  though wounded  saves his daughter.
Later  the Lusitania is sunk.
The commander is decorated and then goes mad.
The Kaiser says.
He will stand no nonsense after the war.
Then follow further incidents and happenings leading up by the United States.
Gerard secures his passports.
Scenes are shown  then the scene shifts to the close of the war.
The principal allied  the Kaiser is a captive and is turned over.
Generals are gathered.
Who appoints the blacksmith.
<EOS>
Vijay and Ravi are best friends.
Who do not question each other.
Vijay is a police officer.
Ravi is a lawyer   the latter bails those criminals out and is employed.
The former catches criminals.
One day  both Vijay and Ravi meet Sheetal  and both fall in love with her.
Vijay s love is more serious.
Ravi admits his love.
Who is devastated.
However  there is a misunderstanding.
When Daaga decides to stir up Vijay and Ravi s friendship.
Vijay and Ravi become rivals.
The rest looks at the conflict between the trio.
<EOS>
Professor Bower  an American physicist  is effectively blackmailed.
The reluctant Bower travels.
Where he encounters Heinzmann  an East German fellow physicist  who is also a secret agent.
Heinzmann is aware  however their mutual respect for one another s tactics complicate the proceedings.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Whose lives converge.
The protagonist Xen owns the salon and has a unique gift.
Most maintain a facade of normality.
Order to gain semblance and hide their tumultuous lives.
It is revealed.
He witnessed the death of his parents in a freak accident at a recording studio  where nobody could hear his cries for help through the sound-proof booth as he saw the flames rising.
Ever since  Xen s life plunged.
Xen uses his gift to help most  notably Tanya.
Whose private life is being indecently probed.
Xen manages to get the dirt.
Who is a secret cocaine addict.
More unsavory details surface.
Where it comes that Misha has even gotten some children at the orphanage she works at addicted to it.
Xen slips the information without her knowledge.
Who then confronts Misha when Misha becomes a little too inquisitive in Tanya s personal affairs.
Xen is.
To add  he is unable to probe into the mind of one of his customers .
Who arrives and asks him to cut off all her long hair.
He begins to develop feelings  sensing some form of distress in her being  unable to reach her but somehow wanting to help.
Later   it transpires.
Xen serves one.
The married Mr Mittal is busy planning a liaison.
More facts slowly unfold to reveal.
Mr Mittal is.
Nikki has been subjected.
Enraged   Xen strikes a heavy blow to Mr Mittal s head  killing him  and later disposing of the body.
The death triggers in Nikki a sudden response.
She crumbles.
He is now engulfed.
The final scene shows.
Xen waking the next morning to find the silence is now beyond him.
He can hear  as clearly and wholly.
Nikki embraces him  the mutual catharsis has made them both more wholesome beings.
<EOS>
Nancy Ordway is an aspiring writer hoping to make it big.
Who reluctantly lets her use his apartment to work.
When Peter s wife Iris comes home.
Bruce  soon realizes.
This assumed suicide is more likely a murder.
Everyone Ordway knew.
Is suddenly a suspect   while a series of flashbacks reveal the plan she was weaving to climb the social ladder.
<EOS>
During the early 1900s  aspiring journalist and women s rights campaigner.
Sonia Winter uncovers an organization that specializes.
To bring  she commissions the assassination of the bureau s own chairman  Ivan Dragomiloff.
Far  Dragomiloff is amused and delighted and decides to put it to his own advantage.
The guiding principle  founded by his father  has always been -- these have included despots and tyrants.
There was a moral reason why their victims should be killed.
More recently though  his elder colleagues have tended to kill more than for moral reasons.
Dragomiloff  therefore  decides to accept the commission and challenge the other board members  Kill.
Him or he will kill them.
Dragomiloff sets off on a tour of Edwardian Europe  challenging and systematically purging the bureau s senior members.
Little do -- Bostwick is the bureau s vice-chairman and is bitter.
They realise that this is a plot to take over the bureau and plunge Europe into war.
Bostwick and the other members plan to get rich quick by the biggest killing of them all -- buying stocks in arms factories and then propelling Europe into war by assassinating all the heads of state of Europe.
They attend a secret peace conference.
Dragomiloff and Miss Winter uncover the plot -- dropping a bomb on to the castle in Ruthenia.
Where the kings  emperors and presidents are trying to avoid a possible war caused by the death of a Balkan prince who was killed by a bomb intended for Dragomiloff.
Dragomiloff steals and destroys it  killing the remaining members of his board of directors.
He is then decorated he has saved.
It is implied.
Dragomiloff may wed Miss Winter as well.
<EOS>
This farce stars comedian George Formby.
Who plays George  a stable boy.
He also has the unique ability to soothe an anxious racing horse.
Expectedly  George races the horse and wins.
<EOS>
The story takes place.
It is based.
Who has become permanently injured  emotionally detached  and mentally unstable stemming.
The movie begins.
Joe loses control and ends up rolling down a hill and  subsequently  crashing into a tree.
Weaving down the roads.
Chrystal is severely injured  suffering a broken neck.
Their son   was never found.
Who the police presumed was flung.
Joe is arrested and sentenced to imprisonment for 16 years.
Joe comes back to his home in search of a change in his life.
He ends up coming back home.
Who had nt divorced him even while he was away.
Chrystal is permanently injured in her neck and has completely lost her enthusiasm  emotions  or will to live.
She is unsure.
Joe begins to slowly work his way back.
Whether to accept him once again  fearing what may happen if she does so.
He now wants to change and atone.
Forced to face his past to continue  Joe runs into an old enemy of his  Snake.
Worried  Snake invites Joe to rejoin him in his illegal drug operation.
<EOS>
Gregory Kingsley is a boy  abused.
Who is placed by his natural mother.
The foster family proves to be the type.
He is put.
He needs.
He ends up taking his natural mother  to have her parental rights revoked  in hopes of being adopted by his adoptive family.
The story is based.
<EOS>
It was revealed.
When Porky finds a golden egg.
One laid it.
But  knowing well.
What happened.
Daffy laid it.
Rocky and his gang hustle him back to their den and demand more output.
Daffy tries to stall  at one point asking for surroundings.
Would make him more comfortable.
Rocky and his henchmen oblige  but then demand the egg.
Daffy tries to stall  but is given five minutes to lay his egg or else.
The duck tries various ways to escape his predicament  but is stopped.
The gangsters stalk Daffy  only to find he really has laid a golden egg.
When time runs out.
<EOS>
David and Elgin lead a promising dance crew.
Who participate at a warehouse owned by a local club owner  Mr Rad.
The film opens up.
Their crew serves Vick s.
Vick s crew is very disappointed  David and Elgin go to a club to deliver drugs for a drug lord named Emerald in order to get money for the battles.
They think.
When David and Elgin are challenged.
It s easy money.
Max meet Elgin at a park.
Elgin tells them.
His crew will battle their crew next Saturday night.
Wade and Max think.
Elgin s crew are not good enough to battle them.
Furious  Elgin accepts their offer.
He borrows money.
David and Elgin are shocked to learn.
Sonny  who was angry that the crew had decided not to split the entire five thousand  has joined Wade s Crew.
Mr Rad also announces.
There will be no fighting.
A fight nevertheless breaks out.
Mr Rad and Mr Chuck break it up.
The crowd applauds Wade s crew.
David and Elgin are furious.
They have lost.
Elgin tries to tell Mr Rad.
Wade and his crew stole their moves.
Wade  crowing over his success  delivers the titular line  You re just mad  cause tonight you suckas got served.
Meanwhile  David and Liyah  Elgin s sister  are falling.
David picks her up.
They go.
Elgin gets a cell phone call.
Playing basketball.
He wants them to come earlier to do their job.
Elgin tries to call David immediately.
Liyah turns  leaving Elgin to do the job himself.
David can take Elgin s call.
Elgin is beat down.
Take Emerald s money landing Elgin and furious at David for not doing his job.
The friends split up and form their own crews.
Neither is as good.
They are together.
Elgin forbids Liyah to see David  ignoring the fact.
She and David want to help him.
Rico tells David and Elgin.
Will provide the winning crew the opportunity to perform.
Elgin sees this.
Attempts to bring Elgin and David together  particularly  are fruitless  and twice they nearly come to blows and have to be separated.
Elgin receives a visit.
Who tells him.
He warns Elgin not to cross him.
He will never walk  let alone dance again.
Many crews perform and impress the judges with their skills.
Two slip-ups cost David s crew a chance to make it.
When it is time  although they and Elgin s crew are impressive.
Elgin s crew  however  does.
David and Liyah learn.
Lamenting his loss.
Lil Saint  who has been accepted  gets killed by a.
The next day  Rico goes over and tells him.
They should reunite the crew.
David arrives a few minutes later  not knowing.
Liyah and Rico set them up  and is told the same thing.
He and Elgin disagree.
Elgin s crew  going  shows up to the finals of the Big Bounce competition.
Wade Robson and Lil  Kim host the competition.
The finals begin.
They discover.
When they announce the winner.
There is a tie.
Both crews refuse a tie.
Lil  Kim gets advice.
Who declares a battle competition  straight hood   even allowing other people to join the battling crews.
David and Elgin made up from their friends  prompting David to rejoin the crew.
They battle Wade s crew  dedicating the battle.
The Lil  Saints win.
They get the loudest noise.
Elgin gave his blessings to be together.
The two kissed.
Wade and Max walk up  saying.
It was not fair they lost.
David replies  Y all just mad  cause today  you suckas got served.
Then everyone started chanting Served.
Wade and Max walked away.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
John C.
Reilly plays Richard Gaddis  a small time crook.
He acts like a well-to-do businessman  dressing like one and driving a Mercedes-Benz  believing.
One must look.
Order to be a successful conman.
Gaddis is searching.
Whom he can perform more sophisticated cons.
He discovers Rodrigo.
He sees the young man playing some minor con games.
Gaddis acts the part to save him from being arrested.
When Rodrigo is caught.
Rodrigo s contribution is a face and naive manner so trustable.
He is able to con anyone.
Richard is both completely unprincipled and clever.
He suggests a partnership.
Several small tests to determine Rodrigo s confidence ability.
Which Rodrigo quickly agrees.
He agrees him on a gigantic scam  provided.
Rodrigo distrusts Richard greatly.
He gets a percentage gained to help his ailing father.
Who is.
Richard accepts.
They plan to sell a fraudulent version to William Hannigan  a rich collector.
Who is.
Gyllenhaal plays Gaddis  sister Valerie  a concierge.
Gaddis is forced to pull her.
When Hannigan takes a fancy.
The price of which is Richard s admission.
The plot twists constantly.
Each becomes more deeply invested in the scam.
The ever-deceitful Richard tries to cheat Rodrigo  Valerie and Michael out.
It is revealed.
All the major players involved   were playing a confidence game against Gaddis from the very beginning  so that Valerie and Michael could rightfully take their share of their inheritance.
<EOS>
The young prince Karl  is sent off near the turn of the 20th century to get a university education in Heidelberg .
His grandfather was one.
Fictional Karlsburg is small but fiercely proud.
Karl has been raised most for the military.
The princess picked.
When it comes time to marry.
Him ca nt stand his stiff formality.
This would not be such a problem.
Karlsburg has no great wealth  only good breeding.
His tutor recommends.
He be sent to develop an easier  more sociable manner.
He slips  becomes accepted as a good chap by his student peers  and falls deeply in love with Kathie  a pretty  popular  and musically inclined barmaid.
Who holds court.
The young Prince must turn his back on the girl and marry the princess  while taking his place in the small Kingdom.
When his old grandfather passes.
He s been preordained to rule.
He returns.
Bids Kathie a poignant farewell.
The parallel subplot   was completely omitted from the film.
Whom she can not marry.
<EOS>
Taking place  The Whispering City tells the story of a lawyer and a patron of the arts  Albert Frederic.
Who  earlier  caused a murder and made it look like an accident for financial gain.
A dying woman tells a reporter the tale of.
She thinks the accident was actually murder.
The young American reporter  Mary Roberts  begins investigating the case  unaware.
The charming lawyer may be all.
Meanwhile Michel Lacoste  a classical composer   is having marriage troubles.
Who is supported.
Finally his wife kills herself and leaves the husband a note.
Frederic sneaks  takes the note and convinces the man.
He killed her.
Michel   ca nt remember anything.
Whose night was indeed blacked out.
The lawyer then offers the composer a deal  Kill reporter Mary Roberts.
Will guarantee to get the younger man.
The man  seeing no other choice  agrees reluctantly.
The man and woman meet.
He ca nt kill her.
They begin to fall in love.
Instead they figure out.
The lawyer is the killer and set.
<EOS>
A school massacre leaves nine students dead and one student named Deanna Cartwright seriously injured.
The shooter himself is dead  shot during the confrontation after the actual shooting.
The only witness is Alicia Browning  a gothic student.
Who is now.
Martin Van Zandt.
The school principal asks Alicia to visit Deanna.
Right away  their differences are evident.
Alicia is an outsider.
Who shuns the society that similarly shuns her  while Deanna is  gets good grades and is popular with her classmates.
Deanna seems upbeat and cheerful.
Soon it becomes apparent.
Are psychological scars left behind by the incident.
Alicia starts to empathize  as she herself is battling her own demons as well  including a previous suicide attempt.
The two form an unlikely friendship.
They both try to cope.
Though he started writing the script.
Ryan later based the film  the film was released only three years after the incident.
Ryan and Christensen visited Columbine High School.
Who received a private screening.
The response was generally positive.
Ryan has since returned twice.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Sue goes to fetch Rita.
They can go and babysit  a better-off couple who live in a nicer part of the city.
Michelle pays the girls  and tells Bob to give them a lift home.
When the couple returns later.
Bob  however  drives them to have sex with both of them.
They nonchalantly agree.
He and the girls plan to make it a regular thing.
They re finished.
M. 
Sue sneaks.
Everyone is.
However  her father is waiting in the living room  holding a baseball bat  threatening to wrap it round -LSB- her -RSB- neck.
Sue and her parents proceed to argue.
She s home so late.
Sue s mother asks.
Her father gives up and goes.
Sue repeats the lie.
Sue gets a job  and meets Aslam  a Pakistani boy.
Who drives.
He and another driver make a bet.
Who can get her first.
Sue rebuffs them.
Bob shows up at Rita and Sue s P.
E.
Tennis class to take them.
Rita manages to get permission.
Sue is denied and told to get back.
She takes her anger out.
Bob takes Rita.
He is watching while they are away  where they have sex.
Later on  Michelle finds a package while ironing them.
Bob tells her  but Michelle does nt believe him.
He and his mates were blowing them up at the pub for fun.
They get.
It comes out.
Michelle is frigid and reluctant to have sex  frustrating Bob.
It also turns out  the mistress had also been their babysitter.
Bob previously had an affair  discovered when Michelle found his mistress s bracelet.
Michelle goes upstairs to get ready out  for.
Rita and Sue are again babysitting.
Bob warns the girls.
Michelle will ask them questions and try to trick them.
They convince Michelle.
Bob is nt sleeping.
Bob and Michelle start arguing again  this time in front of Rita and Sue.
Who desperately try not to laugh.
Michelle takes her anger out and tells them to stop laughing at her.
She then storms off.
Rita and Sue angrily storm home.
They d been expecting Bob to have sex again.
That night  Michelle decides to let.
Bob have sex to stop him going off with other women.
It goes badly.
The next day   Sue gets into a fight with a classmate.
Who calls her a slag.
Later  Rita and Sue skip school to go and meet Bob  hoping to make up.
Bob ca nt get an erection  embarrassing himself and leaving Rita and Sue unsatisfied.
He takes them out.
Where Michelle s best friend Mavis happens to be  and spots Bob.
Bob warns the panicked girls.
Mavis will surely tell Michelle she saw them together.
The next morning  Mavis tells.
Michelle what she saw  and Michelle storms  drags her into Mavis s car  and takes her to Sue s flat to confront her  with Bob in tow.
Michelle  Bob  Rita  Sue  and Sue s parents have a big argument.
Who are all having a good laugh  including an old man across the street who cheers the parents on.
Michelle blames the girls.
Sue retorts.
The reason Bob cheats is because she does nt have enough sex with him.
Michelle turns  goes home  ransacks the house.
She and their children leave in a taxi  never to return.
The next day  Sue goes.
Rita tells her.
She is no longer going.
Bob has asked her to move in.
She also reveals.
She is pregnant.
Sue tells them both to get lost.
When Bob arrives to take her away  enraged.
Sue dates Aslam.
They go.
Where they start kissing.
S flat.
They go.
Where Aslam meets her parents.
Her father comes home  and shouts racist comments at Aslam.
He and Sue leave.
Months later  Sue finds out.
Rita has miscarried  and visits her.
Bob approaches Sue and invites her for another escapade.
Sue refuses  saying.
She s staying faithful.
Aslam attacks Sue  thinking.
Bob drops Sue off.
She was having sex.
Later  he and Rita are about to have sex.
When Bob accidentally says Sue s name.
Angry  Rita leaves to confront Sue.
She finds Aslam attacking Sue.
When she gets there.
Defending her  Rita kicks him.
Then Sue kicks him  disabling him enough for Sue and Rita to escape.
They go back.
Where Rita tends.
Aslam shows up.
They refuse to let him.
Aslam tries to find a way to break in  all the while trying to convince Sue to come back.
He almost gets in.
Rita runs and locks them.
He tries to plead  threatening suicide  and faking.
She does nt come back.
He is.
Sue is starting to give in  but not arrive on the street.
A neighbor called them.
Aslam runs off.
Rita tells him.
When Bob returns home.
She is letting Sue move.
They go upstairs.
Bob goes to get a bath.
He finds both girls  naked.
When he goes.
He dives with them.
<EOS>
The executive officer assumes command of the boat.
When the skipper is killed.
A scene is based.
Where the crew solves a complex torpedo performance-design problem.
Are many others.
The scene is a combination.
Where Commander Perry is killed.
Gilmore  captain.
Mortally wounded  Gilmore gave.
The order Take her down  sacrificing himself to save his ship and crew  for which he was posthumously awarded the Medal.
The ramming/sinking occurred in the same action  just prior to Gilmore s death.
<EOS>
His gang consists.
They work.
They meet Max Bercovicz and become an independent operation.
Noodles has a fruitless flirtation.
Who aspires to be a dancer and actress.
Bugsy attacks the boys.
Dominic is shot fatally.
Noodles retaliates.
Police officers intervene.
Noodles stabs one.
He is sent.
Max is left.
Twelve years later  Noodles is released and becomes reacquainted with his old gang  Max  Patsy and Cockeye.
Who are now major players.
Who runs the speakeasy  and Peggy.
Carol  the jeweler s secretary  is into raping her during the robbery.
Joe and his henchmen are gunned down in a surprise hit by the gang  Frankie Manoldi had arranged the hit to eliminate the competition from Detroit.
Leaving the scene  Noodles argues.
Max said nothing about killing the mobsters  reminding him that they never planned to work for anybody.
This is the first sign.
Is one.
The gang becomes involved  getting into a steel workers  strike on the side of unionist Jimmy Conway ODonnell  protecting him against a steel tycoon s thugs.
The crew also deals by switching the identity of the Chief s newborn son in the maternity ward.
Carol becomes reacquainted and falls for Max.
Noodles tries to impress Deborah.
He is left feeling rejected.
When she tells him she is leaving the following night where she plans to further her acting career.
He rapes her.
He is left regretting.
Deborah leaves.
What he has done.
Max is eager to advance his gang s position.
Max suggests.
Prohibition is repealed.
They rob the New York Federal Reserve Bank.
Noodles sees it as suicidal.
He is convinced to tip off the police about a planned liquor run to keep Max from pulling the bank heist.
He makes an anonymous phone call to the authorities and is beaten by Max after calling his plans crazy.
Later  Noodles learns.
Max  Patsy  and Cockeye are all killed after getting cornered by the police.
He is consumed for having made the phone call.
Noodles  new girlfriend Eve is murdered.
Fat Moe is beaten nearly before revealing the traitor s whereabouts.
Noodles escapes his pursuers.
Having retrieved the key  he makes his way to the gang s money hoard.
Noodles is shocked to discover.
The money is missing.
He flees.
Where he lives.
A gray-haired and world-weary Noodles returns to New York City.
Where he goes to stay.
Noodles shows Moe a letter.
He received.
The letter offers relatives and friends the opportunity to have their remains interred elsewhere.
Moe tells Noodles.
He got a similar letter some eight months previously.
Noodles explains.
The late delivery  coupled with the fact that the bodies of Max  Patsy and Cockeye have long since been removed to an exclusive private cemetery  is the reason why he has come back out of hiding.
Fat Moe asks .
What s this all mean.
We know.
Where you are.
It means  ` Get ready.
Where his friends have been reburied.
It is similar they used as an informal bank throughout their career as mobsters.
He finds.
When he goes.
The locker contains a suitcase to the effect that it is advance payment on his next job.
Noodles goes to see an elderly Carol.
Who is living or working by the Bailey Foundation.
The establishment looks for the aged.
Carol tells Noodles.
Max triggered his own death as well as the killing by opening fire at the police that night.
Noodles inspects a group photograph.
They talk.
Where an older Deborah can be seen very clearly sitting.
Carol is not sure  referring as a famous actress and the patron of the institution.
Who she is.
Noodles visits Deborah.
Where she is taking off her.
Deborah becomes agitated.
Noodles begins to question her.
Noodles is impatient.
Deborah recites a few details known.
Noodles mentions.
He has an invitation night  although it is never clear exactly where or when that invitation was issued.
Deborah advises him not to go  becoming frantic.
When they are interrupted.
The voice calls her by name.
She asks him to wait  begging Noodles to leave  to go and not look back.
Noodles leaves the way.
He came in and is shocked to be confronted bearing a striking resemblance to Max at the same age.
Deborah introduces him  His name is David  just like yours.
Noodles  final visit is his attendance.
Where Secretary Bailey turns out to be none other.
He is now and decides to settle an old debt by hiring Noodles to assassinate him.
Noodles learns.
The planned liquor raid was a Syndicate operation.
He politely refuses to kill Bailey.
He betrayed him  stole the money and even stole his woman.
He tells Max.
His betrayal was meant to save his life.
Max follows him.
Max appears to follow it.
An industrial garbage disposal truck parked there starts up and begins to slowly move down the road.
We hear additional noises coming.
His feet disappear.
Max has disappeared  and are sharp radius augers designed to move trash or debris into the top of the truck  leaving Max s fate somewhat ambiguous  but implying.
The truck passes.
He threw himself to be torn apart by the screws.
Noodles goes.
His expression appears to shift through a faint glimmer of realisation before cracking into a final  broad grin.
He settles.
Is frozen.
<EOS>
Hope  Elizabeth Liz Chambers  discovers.
Her arrival was foretold and that she is an integral part of his impending -- and terrifying -- rebirth.
Forced to stay overnight meets Sarah Austin  a reporter for a tabloid newspaper.
Who is to investigate legends of living scarecrows.
The townspeople once sacrificed people by nailing them to crosses in the cornfields.
A young girl alerted residents.
Horrified to learn  the townspeople of Liberty nailed the local preacher.
Who spearheaded the sacrifices.
Legend contends.
One day he will be reborn.
Sarah persuades Liz to accompany her.
Sarah takes photos of a scarecrow.
She and Liz construct and hang  intending to use the photograph for the newspaper s front page.
Sarah is later attacked and killed.
Comes. 
The scarecrow tries to kill Liz as well.
She manages to escape.
Who is killed.
She drives.
Where she tells her tale.
He leaves Liz alone.
When the deputy is unable to reach anyone.
He goes to find out the problem.
Liz is able to fend off the scarecrow.
When it arrives  stalking her.
She tries to flee but sees.
That the engine has been removed.
She takes refuge  but discovers.
The preacher is the leader.
The preacher intends to bring the spirit back by fathering a child with Liz.
Whom the spirit can possess.
The sheriff arrives to stop the townspeople  but loses consciousness in a car crash.
She fends him off and escapes.
When the clergyman tries.
She finds Sabrina  a child hiding.
She flees.
Their parents were killed.
They had escaped.
Meanwhile  the townspeople set out.
Liz hides Sabrina.
She goes.
She makes it only to find everyone dead.
She is picked up.
Who escaped.
Liz tells him and jokes.
The townspeople think she is a virgin.
Liz discovers.
When they return.
The sheriff has been possessed.
The preacher now goes.
Liz is not pure.
Sabrina sneaks and sets it on fire.
The townspeople let Liz and Sabrina escape.
They burn the body.
The prophecy tells them to.
Liz flees.
The spirit possesses the body of Sabrina s father.
Who they encounter hanging.
Vines ensnare Liz.
A murder appear.
The townspeople believe  allowing Liz to extract herself.
It is a good omen  until the crows attack and kill them  as well as attacking Sabrina s father.
Liz and Sabrina escape  hitching a ride.
Who is passing.
He turns.
A song comes.
Reminds Liz and Sabrine.
Liz turns the radio off.
They continue down the road  leaving Hope behind.
<EOS>
Match police mount an operation to prevent trouble breaking out between rival fans.
The operation is led.
The supporters of the teams  the violent and racist jaunes et noirs  arrive at the stadium  led by their leader Rico.
The referee  Maurice Bruno  awards a penalty  resulting in the jaunes et noirs losing the match  and leading to fighting between the two sets of supporters.
The team physio manages to quietly slip he and Martine out of the stadium in a van.
The couple go.
Where Maurice takes part.
Rico and his gang go.
Where they see Maurice.
Hearing  they becoming increasingly agitated  shouting insults.
What Maurice is saying.
Angrily  they set off to find him.
Maurice and his girlfriend manage to flee.
The gang follow them.
Rico accidentally kills Beru  a fellow gang member.
The other gang members do nt witness this.
Rico blames it.
Determined to avenge their friend  Rico and the gang comb the stadium entrance.
This leads them.
She and Maurice are inside.
When they arrive.
The gang cut the power and set  with Rico attacking the door with a blowtorch.
The couple escape.
Martine has alerted the neighbours  and managed to injure Rico s hand  and after Maurice has managed to stop two from gaining entry.
The assault continues.
Martine s sister is attacked  but rescued.
One dies from a fall.
Some are ransacked.
Neighbours are assaulted.
The pursuit continues.
Where a security guard is beaten up  then into a factory  where the referee despatches two of the supporters.
Rico catches up and threatens them with an axe.
Granowski arrives.
He can carry out his threat.
One is armed with a gun.
He shoots  then refuses to give himself up and is killed by Granowski.
Maurice and Martine flee  with Rico hot on their heels in his gang s bus.
Rico knocks the couple s car off a ledge with the bus.
The car falls a few metres  apparently killing its two occupants.
Granowski arrives later in his car.
Rico walks away from camera  gleefully ranting  raving  gesturing  and proffering insults to the excavation workers around him.
A police car is seen catching up.
As the film ends.
<EOS>
July 16  1988 leaves Seoul station and crashes killing 250 people.
A night train.
Exactly ten years later a train is running the same line for the last time.
But it has incorporated some from the old crashed train.
A stewardess named.
OH Mi-sun has just started the job and switched shifts.
Her father was a guard.
Who died ten years ago.
Some blamed him.
She is the main character.
She has psychic powers.
Gets glimpses.
Unsettling incidents start to occur.
Two young women are murdered.
More sightings occur including a young girl.
Who leaves the train.
The train is supposed to stop at a station for the police.
It goes.
Who are intent.
They were tiny children.
Increasingly strange incidents occur.
The carriages suddenly look old.
Lights shatter and glass falls on the passengers.
The passengers do not know.
Where to go to escape the coming crash since the back is no longer safe.
The stewardess tries to stop them.
Who was previously stabbed by the male of the crazy pair.
She has gained knowledge with a dead form.
Rose in one of the carriages and tells them that they are both dead  and that they now inhabit the bodies of other people.
Also he was going to use so got and put the train on a collision course with another train  so causing the terrible wreck of a decade ago.
Their father wanted to kill his wife and children but accidentally spilled the poison.
The man smashes her head hard four times against the window causing her to collapse with bleeding to the head.
He knows.
It is true as his sister regresses again.
Mi-sun s father comes through the train.
The crazy man reverts.
Natural and supernatural begin to part  things start getting back to normal on the train with the ghosts disassembling  the old carriages becoming normal again.
The human passengers start coming out.
Mi-sun s father comforts her.
She dies.
The train is finally stopped.
It is daylight.
The bewildered people get off.
The scene changes again.
The train arrives in Seoul station for its last run.
We see.
She is again a stewardess.
The white end titles are rolled up.
A driver would see.
<EOS>
Two teenage friends  Jimmy and Rose live.
They spend their days wandering the streets and piers.
To kill time  Rose and Jimmy make up stories.
One day   infatuated.
Watching people stands out so imposingly from the dull townsfolk that Jimmy and Rose decide to follow her.
They pursue.
Her speaks to them.
He s at once infatuated.
When she looks.
Rose   decides to make him jealous.
Who has feelings.
But Jimmy is completely attached.
His desire leads him to fateful consequences.
<EOS>
A passenger car carrying a reporter and his photographer mysteriously breaks away  accidentally ending up on a side track in Gudavia  an isolated Ruritanian-style one-village Eastern Bloc dictatorship.
The newsmen find a mad scientist using gamma rays to turn the country s youth at the bidding of a equally mad dictator.
<EOS>
Introduction  The Road Runner flips the title cards.
The chase begins as normal  and is then paused.
The camera zooms back.
The camera then zooms back.
The camera now zooms out.
Chases with a knife and fork.
The Coyote strikes - and misses  sticking the utensils into superspeed.
Wile E  left suspended  lets go of the fork and scratches his head  only to fall down.
He slumps and soon comes up with a new plan.
The Coyote attaches a spring-activated boxing glove  hoping to strike the Road Runner.
However  the tension causes the rock and Wile E.
To be launched backwards instead forwards.
The glove then retracts backwards and punches the stunned Coyote.
Wile E.
S next plan is to traverse a tightwire and drop an anvil  resulting in a Road Runner Burger.
His drawing puts it.
Obviously  the anvil is too heavy.
To handle.
Is stretched all the way and can be seen by the Road Runner.
Who taunts him.
Wile E.
Drops the anvil and is thus slung up.
Eventually  he peaks and falls downwards.
Wile E.
Points expectantly and pulls out a cord  hoping for a parachute  however   there is no parachute  simply common items like a hatchet and kitchen utensils.
Opening the pack.
Wile E.
S expression darkens.
He knows what will happen now.
He then pulls out a tablet and takes one to alleviate the inevitable pain.
He weakly waves.
He takes the plunge.
The Coyote then tries a new plan to explode the Road Runner  set out a water glass with two signs by it reading Last Water for 300 MILES and Free Drink of Water.
Nothing provided by Wile E.
Coyote is free.
It comes  that is  a string to a TNT device.
As he hopes  should eliminate the Road Runner.
Wile E.
Hides hears.
The approaching Road Runner  who stops  mockingly spits at it  and speeds behind the hiding Coyote with a tall  large sign that reads ROAD RUNNERS CA NT READ AND DO NT DRINK.
The Coyote s expression turns to outraged in a matter of seconds.
He chases the Road Runner  but soon realizes.
He has no helmet or flashlight.
He returns and dons a cap.
The Road Runner pulls up and provokes a chase through the mine.
They chase.
The Road Runner loads himself to safety.
The camera cuts alternately to an actual-size view inside the mine and a Pac-Man style view.
Their hats color-code the characters  the Road Runner is green.
The coyote is red.
Real time  The Coyote brakes.
Pac-Man  The Coyote s lift descends.
He spots the Road Runner to the right  and follows him through it.
The Road Runner ascends a level  flies  and causes the coyote to pause  then to jump and hold onto  Real time   the edge of this tunnel.
Then to disappear.
Pac-Man  The Road Runner continues running down a level.
Then back up the same way he came.
Real time  Wile E.
Is momentarily stalled.
Pac-Man  The chase continues circling and gets faster and faster until the Road Runner edges into the right shaft.
The Coyote continues circling.
The Road Runner beeps.
Past this shaft is an up-and-down zigzag shaft  the Coyote and Road Runner follow this.
The shaft changes to the northeast.
The Road Runner moves.
The Coyote continues moving  bumping himself many times upon the ceiling and floor of the east shaft.
Eventually  he knocks out his headlight.
Real time  Wile E.
Lights a match  but happens to be in an explosive-laden tunnel.
The camera now cuts above the surface.
The explosion warps the cactuses currently into the word YIPE.
Back.
Has loaded himself to sling himself towards the passing Road Runner.
He is planted directly like a Slinky.
When he cuts the rope holding him back.
The Coyote is now waiting to make a turn.
That he can chase him.
He lights the fuse.
Unfortunately  the rocket fires directly up and explodes into an EAT AT JOE S sign.
Now  Wile E.
Uses ACME s rocket-powered roller skates to prepare.
The Road Runner promptly begins.
The rocket thrust almost unseats the Coyote.
He manages to lift his midsection and begin a very promising chase.
However  the Coyote is catapulted off the end  his rear is bumped.
When the road takes a turn.
He is then plopped.
The skates are still functioning.
The jet blasts eventually join forces and continue to rush the Coyote forward.
Wile E.
Is then thrown up.
Where the skates tucker out.
The Coyote  knowing on him  begins to pray.
Then pulls out a wreath.
I.
P.
As he falls into the ground.
Wile E.
Climbs out he makes exhausted  and soon spots his Free Drink of Water trap set earlier in the cartoon.
He lifts the glass and gets blown up.
He is thirsty.
The fully recovered.
Coyote places a small railroad track  two bushes  himself  and a R.
R.
STOP sign.
This fails to stop the Road Runner.
Who mows down the Coyote and leaves him.
The Road Runner relaxes  with a THE END sign attached to the back of the caboose.
<EOS>
Primarily set  Maggie Andrews talks about.
She had a pair just like the ones in a story read by Nathan s teacher.
The story is.
Who is paralyzed and can no longer dance  but feels magical when she puts.
Robert has promised to go see his daughter  Lilly  perform.
Robert gets caught up and misses his daughter s solo.
He and his wife  Kate  argue  Robert apologizes to Lilly.
Robert tells Kate  so she can return to work and earn enough money to buy a larger house.
He has arranged a job interview.
She says.
Kate is not thrilled.
She will go.
Maggie consults a doctor and learns.
She will probably die before New Year s Day.
Kate agrees to direct the concert.
This decision causes controversy.
She had skipped the job interview to do so.
Meanwhile  Nathan collects cans to buy the beautiful shoes.
Dalton helps.
Him to find.
Meanwhile  Robert s mother Ellen has been thinking and writes to him.
A few days later Dalton finds her dead.
Nathan goes to buy the shoes but is told.
He does not have enough money.
Robert is Christmas shopping there and helps Nathan buy the shoes.
Robert has now realized.
He should cherish the time he has.
He reconciles and joins their caroling.
They carol.
They see the lights turn out indicating that Maggie has died.
The Laytons are a happy family  Nathan and Jack get along without Maggie.
Nathan finally gets the puppy.
He has been wanting.
The scene then cuts.
Where Robert is visiting his mother s grave  17 years later.
He runs.
Nathan had been wearing.
Robert sees.
He leaves.
The man had been visiting Maggie s grave  and recognizes the shoes the man had left.
Robert then realizes.
The young man was Nathan.
<EOS>
A mystical college professor is framed for murder by his arch rival  the Pulitzer Prize-winning pyschiatrist Dr Crazx.
His students must band together to save him and themselves.
<EOS>
The future world is an irradiated waste land known.
Lies Mega-City One  a vast  violent metropolis containing 800 million residents.
Slo-Mo  an addictive new drug  has been introduced.
Slows the user s perception to 1 % of normal.
The only force are the Judges.
Who act.
Judge Dredd is tasked with evaluating rookie Judge Anderson  a psychic.
Who has failed the tests to become a full Judge.
Elsewhere   drug lord.
Madeline Madrigal  known  infuses three men with Slo-Mo and throws their skinned bodies from the top of the tower.
Dredd and Anderson respond and learn.
They assault.
They arrest Kay  one.
Anderson psychically detects his involvement.
To prevent Kay being removed and interrogated about her operation  Ma-Ma s forces seize the tower s security control room and seal the building using its blast shields under the pretense of a security test  preventing the Judges from leaving or summoning help.
Ma-Ma orders Dredd s and Anderson s deaths.
Several groups unsuccessfully try to kill the pair.
The Judges proceed to find safety.
The Judges are assaulted by Ma-Ma and her men using gatling guns.
Cut. 
The gunfire damages one  allowing the Judges to call for backup.
Ma-Ma sends her right-hand man Caleb to confirm the Judges  deaths.
Dredd throws Caleb.
Suspicious s motives for obliterating an entire floor  Dredd beats Kay for information.
Anderson intervenes and uses her abilities to read Kay s mind.
She learns.
Peach Trees is the center.
Anderson suggests they hide.
Awaiting assistance insists on moving up the tower in pursuit of.
Judges Volt and Guthrie respond  but are unable to access the tower.
When Ma-Ma s computer expert persuades the pair that call is part.
Kay escapes  takes Anderson hostage and brings her.
Dredd and Anderson are confronted.
She bribes the corrupt Judges Lex  Kaplan  Chan  and Alvarez to kill Dredd.
Dredd works his way.
Dredd notices.
He does not ask  instigating a fight in which Chan is killed.
Kay dies.
When he attempts to execute Anderson  triggering an explosive failsafe when it does not recognize its wielder.
Anderson escapes and meets Kaplan.
Whom she kills.
Elsewhere  Dredd kills.
Alvarez but runs out and is shot by Lex.
Anderson arrives and kills Lex.
He prepares to finish Dredd.
The pair obtain the code and confront her.
Anderson is wounded.
Ma-Ma informs Dredd.
A device will detonate explosives on the top floors upon her death and destroy the building.
Dredd  believing  forces Ma-Ma to inhale Slo-Mo and throws her.
The signal will not reach the top floor s explosives from below.
Anderson accepts.
She has failed her evaluation  and leaves.
The Chief Judge asks Dredd.
He responds.
She has passed.
<EOS>
Emily and Nate Weaver are a happily married couple living.
Nate is a recognized artist  Emily a fashion designer.
The two are expecting their first child.
Emily suffers a terrible miscarriage.
She is informed.
The scarring left means that she will never be able to conceive again.
To give them both a fresh start  Nate and Emily move out.
Has been uninhabited.
Emily is horrified.
When a skeleton is discovered.
It is obvious.
The body is very old so no danger can be attached.
Nate decides to use the large outdoor shed.
Emily takes one.
She pays a visit and is told.
Emily discovers an old trunk filled.
The house has a past she and Nate were unaware.
Several suspicious deaths have occurred.
A female relative s vanished without trace.
When the house was new.
Nate grows distant.
He starts painting again.
He refuses to let Emily see his new work.
Tense and isolated  Emily starts to see visions.
Who thinks she is suffering.
A phone call to tell her that she is actually pregnant.
Ordered to spend the bulk in bed resting due to the high risk of miscarriage  Emily starts to get bored and frustrated by Nate and seems uninterested in her or the coming baby.
Who is working longer and longer hours.
Emily s visions continue.
She thinks.
She can see the missing aunt.
Organising a party  she believes.
She can see her city friends.
Nate s agent is having an affair.
Soon afterwards the agent somehow falls and is hospitalised.
Nate thinks.
Emily may have pushed her as he saw her after the woman fell and tells Emily s best friend that he is concerned for Emily s health.
Nate storms out.
When the couple receive a call to tell them that the agent has died.
Emily reads and discovers.
All the women who died were killed by their husbands.
She has another vision and believes.
Nate is coming back to kill her.
She calls her best friend.
Who tells her that she will come and pick her up.
Terrified  Emily hides.
When she hears Nate come back.
She tries to stab him but instead stabs her friend.
Who had driven back.
She and Nate then fight resulting.
A scan reveals.
Emily is not pregnant although she believes that she is - the phone call.
The visions were all.
Emily is left  rocking her imaginary child in her arms.
<EOS>
Sergeant Jack Watson and the eight men are travelling through the Libyan desert in an Allied convoy.
They find themselves stranded.
The convoy moves on.
They take refuge.
Where they must hold out while being besieged  with only a limited supply of ammunition and their own wits to help them survive.
Lacking a budget  Nine Men focuses tightly on psychological tension and the personal interactions between its nine protagonists.
<EOS>
A Christmas and New Year holiday degenerates.
When the children start turning.
The children begin demonstrating some odd behavior  particularly staring off into space.
A small series  including the disappearance of the family pet  eventually escalates into deliberately sadistic and homicidal activity on the children s part.
Children  The The privileged yuppie parents  due  and an initial unwillingness  are incapable of defending themselves.
To believe that they are being stalked.
The Children The cause is suggested to be the result of a non-specified sickness.
<EOS>
Abelard is a famous teacher  and a champion of reason  at a time.
When academics are required to observe chastity.
He falls with one of his students  Heloise dArgenteuil  a sixteen-year old gentlewoman raised in a convent  and a rebellious view of the low status of women in 12th century Europe.
Who has both intellectual curiosity.
Heloise s uncle Fulbert   works to put a stop to it.
When the relationship is suspected.
Who had other plans.
Stealing Heaven.
Com together and later are secretly married.
Nevertheless  Abelard and Heloise have a child.
Abelard faces a struggle for acting against the will of God and yet loves Heloise too much to be able to stop himself.
Heloise s uncle takes a terrible revenge for ruining Heloise s chance of a rich husband.
Stealing Heaven  the Story.
<EOS>
The story takes place.
Where the majority are Christians.
Dileep plays Solomon  the son.
Who is quiet earning the nickname Kunjaadu.
His mother  played  is called Mary.
The other Mary is Bhavana  the daughter  a rich landlord.
Mary has been from their childhood days.
Meanwhile  a man comes to Solomon s house.
Solomon   gets the man accepted under the guise Jose.
Who is overjoyed.
He is his long-lost brother.
However  later finds.
There is more than he thought initially.
Finally he finds.
Biju Menon has stolen the ponnin kurish and hid it where Solomon s house was 7 years ago and came again to take it.
<EOS>
Robert Thorn  an American diplomat stationed  is told.
His son died soon.
To spare the anguish  Robert accepts the suggestion of the hospital s Catholic priest  Father Spiletto to secretly adopt another newborn.
Whose mother died.
Robert and Katherine raise the boy and name him Damien.
Robert s career ascends.
He is named Deputy Ambassador.
James  and dies in a bizarre accident  becomes Ambassador and settles in to a large estate just outside London.
However  disturbing events start to revolve.
Soon afterward  Robert is approached.
Who delivers an eerie warning and seems to know the truth.
Meanwhile  photographer Keith Jennings finds  later revealed to foreshadow a series.
Several contain mysterious signs.
A new nanny  Mrs Baylock  is hired and tells Damien.
She has been sent to protect him.
Tension rises.
When the nanny starts to make decisions  including bringing a large watchdog to the home without their consent.
Damien becomes terrified.
They approach the church  attacking Katherine.
That night Katherine experiences a first premonition/nightmare dream.
The following day a field trip ends with various species of primates going berserk at the sight of Damien.
Katherine suspects.
There is something not right  but Robert brushes off her concerns.
Robert is again confronted.
Who tells him that Damien must die.
A man called.
Bugenhagen  located  can show him how.
Enraged  Robert sends him away again.
Caught attempts to seek shelter in a church.
The door is mysteriously bolted.
A lightning bolt strikes the church steeple  causing him to be impaled.
Falls. 
She is pregnant.
Robert refuses to consider it.
Katherine is knocked off a chair riding his scooter  and tumbles over the railing.
Watering plants.
He ignores her pleas.
She falls several stories  severely injuring herself and suffering a miscarriage.
Do nt let him kill me.
The bedridden Katherine begs her husband.
Robert finally accepts.
Something is amiss.
Fueled and further information from Keith Jennings  Robert and Jennings go in search of Damien s real mother.
They discover.
The hospital where Damien was born burned down.
They then go and meet Father Spiletto  now wheelchair-bound and badly disfigured.
Who tells them where Damien s mother is buried.
They find the grave in the old cemetery of Cerveteri  and discover.
It contains the skeleton  implying that Damien can not be human.
Robert discovers the corpse of a human infant with a cracked skull  revealing.
His biological son was murdered.
He and Jennings are suddenly attacked  and barely escape.
Meanwhile  Mrs Baylock visits Katherine and then induces an air embolism by introducing air from an empty syringe into her IV  killing her.
Robert decides to follow Brennan s advice and kill Damien.
He goes and meets Bugenhagen.
Who tells them that Damien is the long-prophesied Antichrist.
The only way to destroy him is to take him and kill him with the seven sacrificial daggers of Megiddo.
To prove his claims  Bugenhagen tells Robert to examine Damien.
Robert at first expresses disbelief  refuses to kill his son and leaves.
However  Jennings is determined to go through  and picks up the daggers.
He is suddenly decapitated by a falling sign.
This pushes Robert to change his mind.
Robert arrives home.
The dog attacks.
Robert manages to trap it.
He then goes upstairs and quietly cuts away Damien s hair to reveal the 666 birthmark.
Mrs Baylock attacks suddenly.
Robert is able to fight her off and takes Damien.
Mrs Baylock pursues them.
Robert runs her over.
Robert  pursued  drives to a church to kill Damien on consecrated ground.
He is killed.
He is about to use the sacred dagger.
Robert s funeral - shown to the death of the Pope - is attended by the President of the United States.
The Secret Service informs the President.
The service is over.
His car is waiting.
The President is seen to be holding the hand.
Whom he has presumably adopted.
The last shot shows Damien slowly turning to give the camera a diabolical smile.
<EOS>
Humans find themselves.
When a pandemic strikes.
Large cities are left.
Tombs and survivors cling together  fearing nightfall.
Young Martin is taken.
When his family is slaughtered.
Mister takes Martin through the locked-down towns of America s heartland  searching for a better place in the famed ` New Eden   up north  while taking down any bloodsuckers.
Cross their path.
They are joined by fellow travellers  the first being a nun known only as Sister.
Whom they rescue that Mister kills without hesitation.
They continue to move north  avoiding major thoroughfares.
Have been seized.
The group is then captured.
It is revealed.
One was Loven s son.
Mister is left at the mercy of a group of vampires.
Martin promptly escapes the Brotherhood camp and discovers.
Mister has survived the vampire attack.
They drive off together  making a stop.
Where they pick up another traveler  the pregnant Belle  who hopes to make it to have her child.
Later  they also pick up Willie  a Marine.
Who is found hiding after his run-in with The Brotherhood.
The four decide to go.
Whom they successfully ambush then tie and leave for the vampires.
The group is soon reunited but  the same night  celebrations are interrupted.
When The Brotherhood  using helicopters  drops vampires.
The next day  the group decides to move on again.
Midway  their car breaks down.
They have to continue their journey.
They manage to avoid dangerous areas but.
Sleeping  they are attacked by stronger vampires known as ` berserkers.
They run.
The nun diverts.
The chase away shoots herself in the head when overrun.
They take shelter in a broken-down bus and notice in the morning.
Willie is missing.
The three search  first finding his blanket then finding Willie killed and strung up in a tree.
Mister notes.
He has never encountered a thinking vampire before and warns the others to stay alert.
Belle is taken from their campsite during the night.
Mister and Martin find her.
Jebedia Loven  now a thinking.
Attacked him.
Martin manages to impale Jebedia.
An injured Mister is successful.
Martin mercy kills the dying Belle  saving her.
The duo then heads north again  acquiring a pickup truck.
They meet Peggy.
Who lives alone and picks off approaching vampires using a crossbow.
Martin and Peggy have an instant connection.
Martin easily attacks and kills a vamp that night  with Mister covertly looking on.
The next day  Mister is gone.
Martin finds his mentor s skull pendant hanging.
He and Peggy head off  finally arriving at the border to Canada  or the New Eden.
Which they were searching.
<EOS>
Fun-Loving  good-natured Claire has everything  a husband  a great apartment  a good job.
She ever wanted.
She adores.
Then.
She gives birth.
He s leaving her.
Claire is left.
She can hardly bear to look.
So   Claire decides to go home to her family in Dublin.
Sister Helen  her soap-watching mother  her bewildered father.
And there  sheltered  she gets better.
A lot better.
So much better  he s in for a bit of a surprise.
When James slithers back.
<EOS>
My Brother  Borat tells the story.
Who   decides to visit Kazakhstan.
He ends up meeting Borat Sagdiyev s mentally ill younger brother Bilo.
The two seek out Borat s fictional home village and find it to be a modern and well-developed city in another country.
<EOS>
Rishi Menon starts his own detective agency.
He is handed an assignment to investigate the murder.
The investigation forms the core.
The movie was an Avg.
Grosser.
<EOS>
The remotest point of the Antarctic  the expedition of six men  led by Captain Choi Do-hyung  discovers a journal.
Was left behind.
The journal was remarkably preserved.
Kim Min-jae  another member  gets the job of examining it.
It turns out and soon other strange similarities start to show up.
The two expeditions shared the same goal.
Will they make it.
The sun goes down.
<EOS>
The story is based and is set in the mid-1950s freehold township of Sophiatown  Johannesburg -- one of the few areas in South Africa.
Where blacks could own property and drink alcoholic beverages.
Drum begins Henry Nxumalo  reporting on a boxing match with Nelson Mandela.
Nxumalo leaves his wife Florence and has an affair with a female singer.
He works.
Was the first black lifestyle magazine.
The magazine was financed and had a multiracial staff  it was popular among the black community.
Drums British editor  Jim Bailey  asks Nxumalo to write.
Nxumalo   finally agrees.
At first unwilling.
Him kill a man.
He encounters Slim  a gang leader  that he had previously met in illegal township drinking places  and witnesses.
Initially Nxumalo stays away  but eventually writes about more than entertainment after his wife.
Mandela encourage him.
Nxumalo decides to investigate undercover.
When a young man goes missing and is feared enslaved.
He gets employment.
Where he is treated and nearly killed.
He becomes a celebrity  further reinforced.
When his story is published.
Nxumalo decides.
His destiny is to be a muckracker and   ventures on more risky investigations.
Nxumalo frequently fights the racism and apartheid.
Is beginning to creep.
He tries to tackle stories important.
However  he is no match.
Constantly harassed  at the end of the film.
He is stabbed.
The attacker has never been identified.
<EOS>
Bubby is a 35-year-old man.
Who has never set foot in the back of a printing press in an industrial area of Adelaide.
She confines him to the apartment  telling him and warning him.
The air outside is poisonous.
He will die if he tries to leave.
Bubby eventually escapes  joins up  and embarks on a journey of self-discovery and shocking mayhem.
<EOS>
The film documents Allan Smith Jr.
A young progressive running in the Bahamian House of Assembly with the help of his three best friends - a financier a deacon and a playa-playa and tells the story of.
What happens the day and the day of.
<EOS>
Bhole Shankar revolves.
Where Mithun Chakraborty plays the role of Bhole  played by Manoj Tiwari.
Bhole Shankar is the first Bhojpuri film.
<EOS>
Gopan  Kora and Bhakthavalsan are three college students.
Who share same house along.
Prem is more serious.
The trio are more interested.
The trio meets Major Nair  a retired man in his fifties.
Who but loves romancing young girls.
Major Nair bets with them  him is impossible.
Anyone could woo his daughter Minu which to.
Accepting the bet the trio makes all efforts to make.
Her fell with them.
Minu is seriously in love with Prem.
Nair had also made a similar challenge.
Who is but married.
Gopan one day enters Nair s home by and enjoys easy access to Minu s room.
Kora arrives as a disciple of his brother-in-law  a wrestler.
Bhakthavalsan claims himself to be a Hindi scholar and gets appointed.
Govind arrives in front of Minu as a blind man  and brings home.
Whom she feels sympathetic.
Major Nair is shocked to find all four  but is unable to open up the secrets as part of the gentleman s bet.
But Nair succeeds.
The trio is shocked to find Minu to be with Prem and now put all energy to break them apart.
The rest is.
Prem unites.
<EOS>
A true guilty pleasure crime melodrama   a retired detective hired to look into the mysterious disappearance of banker Walter Craig.
The low-budget The Living Ghost stars future Academy award-winner James Dunn.
Working  Nick is questioning Craig s alarmingly suspicious friends and relatives.
When the missing banker suddenly turns up.
Craig is suffering from a paralyzed cerebral cortex  a state.
That may render him dangerous and that is.
And  sure enough  Nick has barely begun to understand.
What the good doctor is suggesting when Craig is found hovering over the dead body.
Is the cataleptic banker actually a killer or is someone even more dangerous.
The Living Ghost was released.
It certainly is.
<EOS>
The Bowen family are visited by ghosts.
Sherlock Doyle  an expert  goes to the town to investigate.
<EOS>
Frankie is the coxswain.
His friend Tad is a stroke  president of the Kappa Psi Delta house and conductor of the orchestra.
Tad learns nor be attending the party.
When rehearsing a new piece.
Bob has been drafted and will not be joining the team.
Frankie and Tad do nt have the hearts to tell their girlfriends Bess and Midge.
Who have worked hard to prepare the party  and instead look for the evening.
They spot Herk loading a safe.
Herk reluctantly accepts the offer to pose as Bob.
Herk enjoys the party and flirts.
He decides to stay and join the team as Bob  despite his dislike of boats and low I.
Q.
Frankie gives Herk seasick pills.
Eventually his rowing performance improves.
To keep Herk  Frankie and Tad tutor him and prep him for school to the point.
Where they themselves start failing.
Bess breaks up and lets.
Hims know that she is going to marry Bob Terry.
Midge breaks up.
Bess and Midge learns.
Both are engaged to Herk.
Frankie gives him moth balls with the result of Herk performing better than ever.
Herk is arrested for bank robbery and Frankie and Tad reunite with their girlfriends.
<EOS>
The first part takes place in the year 1700 on an island called Casanga off the west coast of Africa.
The island has not yet attracted the attention on the mainland.
Its people are suffering fierce oppression.
Is a grassland landscape.
What first appears.
Which men are patrolling  with haystacks and rugged hills in the background.
Into this scene there comes a bare-chested young African  as strong  looking around him cautiously.
Next we see the brutal Queen Zinga  wearing.
A leopard-skin dress  a straw hat  and a shell necklace on which hangs a medallion  a symbol.
Laughing vigorously  she is teasing a man tied.
Who is supposed to be the king.
Zinga takes off the necklace and puts it  taunting him as a one-second king and trying to kill him straight away.
Suddenly  a girl  apparently frustrated  rushes towards the queen  grabs the medallion  and runs off.
Astonished  the queen orders.
Her soldiers to catch the fleeing girl and to recover the medallion.
However   she is able to escape from the soldiers.
The two get.
Once there  they turn.
The slaver happily accepts them and adds them to his chain.
Then  along.
The slaver has acquired.
Sent by boat to begin their new life  they are not sure.
What is.
Time runs on.
Historical events unfoldd  in the British Empire in.
But themselves are free.
Until 1833 did the slaves.
The social status start to improve.
Chains and handcuffs are destroyed  ropes and whips are burned.
A seemingly brand new story begins  centring with a great baritone singing voice.
His singing impresses all his colleagues.
Children fall asleep soundly.
When he sings.
He realized.
Himself does nt.
What use he can make use.
What keeps hovering.
His mind is the eagerness to discover his true origins and to help his own people.
He does nt know who they are.
Zinga always considers himself out and is often blamed by his wife for being ` not satisfied   but never does he change his mind.
Finally  one day an opera impresario hears.
Him singing and tries his best to find out.
And  Lonely Road  Gabriel Donizetti  the famous impresario  comes quietly in from the door and sits in the audience  watching  listening  and enjoying the beautiful song.
Zinga is being invited to sing the song.
No more docker  but a great career Donizetti promises Zinga  can achieve his dream.
Who is shocked and surprised since he thinks he.
They shake hand a card for Zinga to come to his hotel room the next day.
Zinga ca nt wait to go.
The next day he dresses  apparently for the first time.
He both walks and acts.
Zinga s wife is also to deal with the hotel managers.
They find the way to Donizetti s room.
He starts a series and introduces several skills to help Zinga to improve his singing.
Zinga is reluctant to accept these instructions  like ` breathing from the stomach  and ` singing from the breast   claiming.
He knows how to sing.
And he fights.
He does nt feel ` free.
His voice significantly lacks emotion.
When he sings freely.
But  he is persuaded to follow those doctrinaire rules and techniques.
His wife s comforting  mainly focussing.
Zinga becomes an international opera star and succeeds in all kind of concerts and dramas.
This brings him wealth and fame.
He has never dreamt.
Yet he feels alienated  always being sarcastic towards his slave-born identity as his being referred as the Negro King.
Zinga is instructed to give a speech about.
What he feels.
Not good  he sings an old song derived from his long lost childhood memory.
He barely remembers and has to put some words.
He himself is regarded as a ` wanderer  and ` hears the cold fell by his people.
John has a feeling.
He may find out some information about his origins  which means much to him.
The result does not fail him.
The song is moving and invokes one about the song.
He comes about.
What he knows.
John then finds out.
His ancestor belongs  located on the west coast of Africa.
The man was the only white man to escape from the island.
It was dominated.
It is now ruled.
And the song was the secret song passed.
John sang.
Pele also tells Zinga the medallion hanging.
He got.
His father had  is the symbol of the kingship ----- he  John Zinga  is the king of his people.
Hearing  Zinga s idea became even more fixed.
His people are still uncivilized.
Donizetti happens to come in and tells John some good news - a new contract to work in the great New York City Zinga refuses to go to New York to carry on his singing career.
He considers his people bigger.
Donizetti is mad  but can not stop him from crossing the ocean to come to the little island in Africa.
Zinga has the medallion  he and his fellows are still considered out-comers  strangers or even bad guys coming.
Proves him the king.
That s far.
Lets him down.
His servant wants to resign and tell him to give up  even himself thinks.
The place is too primitive.
His people are too hard to change.
But his wife stands and encourages him ` the worse things are  the more you can change.
Soon.
He cheers up and waits.
And it comes.
Zinga found out.
The witch doctor locks patients.
The witch doctor also announces.
When a person gets sick - no matter a fever or cancer - he s dead.
To deal  Zinga gives the patient Penicillin and tries to heal them.
Some start to believe in Zinga.
They tell him.
I m your man.
You can be no king.
But this does nt last.
When the witch doctor began to form various rituals to cast the ` disaster.
Is. 
What s worse.
The people s trust diminishes since the patients he tried to cure all die.
To break the superstition Zinga interrupts the rites  attempting to show  but is scolded.
No taboos are going to act.
Therefore the witch doctor come up.
And he begins to illustrate the amazing life brought from the other side of the ocean.
More and more and people of the clan believe in him.
The witch doctor is so angry.
He jumps up and down to try to scare people.
Zinga s wife ran out and shouted to support her husband.
They are debating.
But that violate the taboo.
The witch doctor feels perfectly justified to put Zinga s wife.
Zinga   is also tied up.
Who tried to protect his wife.
They are going to execute both the next day.
And  Zinga s wife sang miserably to him to show her dismay.
Zinga s followers bring him his gun.
He refuses it.
He determines not to use force to hurt his people but convince them.
Next day the ritual is being held.
The witch doctor performs different kinds  such as fire swallowing to intimidate his people.
That Zinga s followers are afraid to rescue them.
Both Zinga and his wife are tied.
Then the drums start.
The rhythm starts to sound increasingly familiar.
It s the Song.
He ca nt help but start singing the Song and sings so well.
The crowds turn astonishment.
He s the king.
Zinga wins at last and achieves his dream.
He goes back and frequently brings back medicine and technology of all kinds  helping his people to be civilized and educated.
Zinga picks up his career as a singer again and performs the song  referring to his achieving his dream and the help.
He sang a long time ago  Lonely Road.
He brought  leading them to a better life.
<EOS>
Wayland is a clockmaker.
Whose ambition is to build one.
His life and Collie s  however  are threatened from the evil Campbell clan.
Of whom is the father.
If it means murdering the couple.
Cole Campbell is found dead.
His relatives demand.
Wayland and Collie be held responsible and give up the child.
<EOS>
The episode starts.
When SpongeBob and Squidward get so hot because Mr Krabs has not paid the electricity bill.
It is so hot.
SpongeBob s shoes have melted off his feet.
Squidward informs him.
When Mr Krabs discovers that he has no customers.
Himself go.
Mr Krabs has SpongeBob making Krabby Patties.
Himself doing.
What he normally does  counting money.
Squidward and SpongeBob meet up.
When the trio are.
Patrick tries to climb.
He causes it.
Patrick starts swinging his arms.
This causes the board to move uncontrollably.
It collides.
A tidal wave suddenly sweeps the five friends up  SpongeBob  Patrick and Squidward go to an island with young surfers  Mr Krabs ends up stranded in the middle of the sea with his cash register Cashie.
Sandy is taken.
SpongeBob  Patrick and Squidward are told  unfortunately they do not know.
The only way to get back is to surf there.
To. 
SpongeBob  Patrick and Squidward seem unteachable and do nt seem to be taking anything in.
Twitch  one  tells them.
There is one other person who can teach them  Jack Kahuna Laguna.
SpongeBob  Patrick and Squidward are told.
They must sail down a river until they find the Kahmamoku Cove  where every wave is perfect.
JKL comes out.
They find the cove.
Astonishes the three friends.
Afterwards  he tells them  just keep breathing.
He later says.
They have to ride a wave called the Big One  in order to get back home.
They practice surfing  then get ready to ride the Big One.
JKL announces.
They set off.
The Big One always demands a sacrifice.
One  will not return.
Meanwhile  Mr Krabs encounters the Flying Dutchman.
Sandy goes.
She has built.
The Dutchman is back from the grocery store  but Mr Krabs startles him.
He spills everything.
He orders Mr Krabs to give him Cashie s money.
He can buy some more groceries.
Mr Krabs is reluctant to let Cashie go.
He promises  swearing Sally s false teeth.
He will never soil the Dutchman s waters again.
The Dutchman gets angry  he knows.
Mr Krabs  aunt Sally does nt wear false teeth because he dated her.
Mr Krabs releases.
Cashie and the Dutchman accidentally tosses it away.
It crashes  causing it to fly off course and hit the Dutchman on the head.
Cashie reappears.
The Dutchman floats.
Where he encounters Davy Jones  who throws dirty socks.
SpongeBob  Patrick  and Squidward ride the wave.
They see Mr Krabs.
Mr Krabs jumps up and drops Cashie into the ocean  so JKL goes to retrieve it and acts as the Big One s sacrifice.
SpongeBob  Patrick  Mr Krabs and Squidward are seen flying.
Sandy s damaged helicopter.
Some people do not recognize her and think.
She is a spaceman.
Sandy thinks.
She will never see them again.
Then they are seen walking.
A Welcome home party has been thrown.
Twich  Chip and the other surfers are there too.
JKL returns.
He returns.
Everyone starts and then SpongeBob concludes the episode by shouting Turn it up  Chip.
<EOS>
Featuring images in 1999  Richie and Eddie run the worst guest house in the United Kingdom  neighbouring a poorly maintained nuclear power station.
The chef is not only unable to cook  but is both an idiotic drunkard and an illegal immigrant and eventually leaves.
The guests are totally unsatisfied.
All decide to leave.
Who lives there.
Life seems bleak.
Things seemingly improve  with Simon Pegg playing the father.
Furthermore  the famous Italian actress Gina Carbonara comes to stay.
However Gino does eventually find her.
Eddie and Richard had put her name up outside in order to attract more guests.
Later  Richie finds some fish.
Fell off a military lorry heading away.
Richie and Eddie do nt realise.
The fish had been contaminated until they feed them to the guests.
Hours later the guests are expelling huge quantities -- all except for Gina Carbonara  apparently the only guest.
Who did not eat the fish.
Gina s violent boyfriend is propelled out of a window into the sea by a tsunami of vomit from the rest of the guests and drowned.
Government agents arrive to hush up the incident and give Eddie and Richie ten million pounds  first class tickets and new identities for both the duo and Gina in exchange for their silence over the leak.
The three accept the offer  and head.
<EOS>
The Redlich family flees to Kenya from Leobschutz in Silesia  Nazi Germany  to escape the increasing persecution of the Jews.
Walter  a former lawyer  finds work and sends for his family.
His wife Jettel has trouble adjusting in Africa   easily learning the language of the country and showing interest in local culture.
Their daughter Regina quickly adapts.
Regina soon forms a close friendship.
The British round up all German citizens  and hold them   separating men.
When war breaks out.
Whether Jew or gentile.
The Redlichs  marriage begins to deteriorate.
Jettel sleeps to secure work and a home on a farm for the family.
Regina and Walter both find out.
Walter decides to join the British army and wants Jettel to go with him.
She refuses and stays to run the farm.
Regina is sent  and is kept there for years  only being able to come back every so often during the harvest season.
Jettel and Susskind develop a relationship.
Walter comes back  and states.
The British army s policy is to send all soldiers and their families back home.
Jettel refuses to go  saying.
The farm needs her.
Eventually their relationship rekindles itself.
Jettel allows Walter to decide.
Whether or not they should leave.
Walter applies.
The final scene shows Walter  Regina  and Jettel traveling.
The train stops.
An African woman offers Jettel a banana  only to show her.
Much Africa meant.
<EOS>
Dale Mac McKussic is a former drug dealer trying to go straight.
His close friend Nick Frescia is a Los Angeles County detective lieutenant.
Who   is duty-bound to bring Mac to justice if he is selling drugs again  as DEA Agent Hal Maguire believes to be the case.
Mac is attracted.
Nick becomes acquainted.
Attempting to learn more  in particular his relationship with the Mexican drug kingpin Carlos  whom the DEA agents and Mexican police official Escalante believe is coming to town.
Jo Ann succumbs.
A love affair begins.
Nick s friendship is endangered as Maguire.
His associates set a trap.
Whose face none has seen.
Jo Ann realizes.
Nick has been using her and that Mac is the one who wants her.
She soon falls with Mac  only to have Carlos place both their lives in grave danger.
<EOS>
Movin  In is a comedy.
Who travels to escape his dead-end life and to reconnect with a female pen pal with whom he has lost touch.
Everything falls apart.
When the pen pal turns out to be a complete fraud.
He is reunited.
Who keeps pulling him.
The story takes unexpected turns.
When the two - - fall for the same girl.
<EOS>
Assassins Danny Bryce  Hunter  Davies  and Meier are in Mexico to assassinate a man.
Danny unwittingly kills him  then is injured during the getaway.
Affected  Danny retires and returns to his native Australia.
One year later  Danny is summoned.
Where Hunter is being held captive.
He meets.
Who arranges missions  and learns that Hunter accepted a $ 6 million job but failed to accomplish it.
Hunter will be executed.
Danny does nt complete Hunter s mission.
Danny is introduced.
Who wants Danny to kill three former SAS agents -- Steven Harris  Steven Cregg  and Simon McCann.
Danny must videotape their confessions and make their deaths look.
He must do it.
The terminally ill Sheikh dies.
This will allow the Sheikh s fourth son  Bakhait  to regain control his father had ruled.
Hunter will be killed.
Danny fails.
Danny reunites.
They agree to help him.
Davies questions local bar patrons.
Danny and Meier sneak in Oman.
This is reported protecting their own.
Their head enforcer  Spike Logan  is sent to investigate.
Danny and Meier take him.
Harris has confessed.
Their plan is to break his neck using a hammer.
Harris slipped and broke his neck.
Danny is distracted.
He finds.
When he returns.
Meier was forced to kill Harris hastily.
Back  Davies discovers the second target  Steven Cregg  preparing for a long nighttime march in wintry weather at a local SAS base.
Davies pretends to be a civilian having car problems  allowing Danny to infiltrate the base.
There he drugs Cregg s coffee to induce shock and cause Cregg to die during the march.
Danny   follows Cregg on the march.
A delirious Cregg confesses.
He dies.
Going  they rig a truck to respond to remote control with the help of a new and inexperienced team member  Jake.
Meier and Jake take control from another car and cause it to move in front of McCann s car  killing him.
McCann is to a fake job interview.
However  Logan and his men were watching.
A gun fight ensues.
Meier is accidentally killed due to his lack of experience.
Danny and Davies decide.
The case is over.
They part ways.
Davies is soon hit and killed while being chased by Logan s men.
Danny returns and gives the Sheikh the last taped confession.
He has faked.
Hunter is released and returns.
Danny heads back and reunites with Anne  a childhood acquaintance.
Soon  he is informed.
There is one last man who participated and that this man  Ranulph Fiennes  is about to release a book about his experiences as a member of the SAS.
Danny tells Anne to go with Hunter to protect her.
He carries out the last job.
The Sheikh s son confirms.
Harris was an innocent man.
Logan  meanwhile  traces Danny and sends a team to protect the author.
Jake distracts them  allowing Danny to infiltrate the building and shoot the author.
He chooses to only wound the author  however  but takes pictures.
Appear to show him dead.
Logan chases and captures Danny  taking him.
He is interrupted.
When an agent arrives and reveals that the British government is behind the events because of the Sheikh s valuable oil reserves.
A three-way battle ensues  shooting the government agent.
Danny and Hunter head to Oman to give the Sheikh the pictures.
However  Logan arrives first and confronts the Sheikh  telling him and then stabbing him.
The pictures are fake.
The Sheikh s son does not care and gives the money.
Was intended.
Hunter spots Logan leaving.
They chase  along with the Sheikh s men.
Danny and Hunter confront Logan on a desert road.
Danny says.
Logan can keep the money.
They give Logan the remainder  telling him.
He ll need it to start a new life away after killing the government agent and acting against the wishes of the Feathermen and the British government.
Danny says.
It s over and that Logan must make up his own mind.
They leave him there  saying.
They ll send a cab from the airport.
Danny meets to start a new life.
<EOS>
The opening scenes give you an indication.
The movie is going to shape up.
NRI Krishna returns to work for the upliftment of the village folk.
However   fellow villager PR backstabs  kills all and runs away.
When the family along is on its way home with the money.
PR is head and is into all kinds of nefarious activities.
Enters  Kranti  shakes his leg and gets into the gang of PR to earn money for his orphanage.
Who flexes his muscles.
Where he grew up.
Kranti falls.
Who is such a lucky girl that she wins a foreign trip  a house and household gadgets.
Varalakshmi initially does not like Kranti.
An ambitious Kranti  meanwhile rises up pretty fast and meets PR in Hong Kong.
The director takes the audience to believe.
Kranti is PR s son.
The story has the usual elements.
<EOS>
They are shocked to find.
When occultist uncle Dr Plato Zorba wills a huge ramshackle house.
The house is haunted.
Their new furnished residence comes complete.
Dr Zorba leaves a set.
However  there is someone.
Who is also looking and is willing to kill for it.
The real villain turns out to be the lawyer Benjamin Rush.
He attempts to kill Cyrus  son  Buck  using the falling bed canopy.
He used to kill Dr Plato Zorba.
Dr Plato Zorba s ghost catches him  driving the immediately terrified Benjamin Rush to his death in the bed.
As Buck escapes  Benjamin Rush becomes the 13th ghost  and then the ghosts disappear.
The next morning  Cyrus and his family count the money  Buck keeps the mask used to scare Buck s big sister Medea Zorba.
They decide to stay.
<EOS>
A followup was apparently filmed under the title Our Gang Follies of.
Its release title reflected the fact that  in addition to such current Gang members and Porky  the film also features return appearances by former Our Gang stalwarts Mickey Daniels  Mary Kornman  Joe Cobb and Mathew Stymie Beard.
The occasion is a class reunion.
Where the students stage a show.
A running gag has Buckwheat attempting to recite Little Jack Horner.
Spanky tries to keep him offstage.
Musical highlights include Baby Face  performed  and Broadway Rhythm  performed by Spanky and the ensemble  and a medley of Going Hollywood.
I m.
<EOS>
Kevin and Rachel move to follow their dream - making it in cinema.
They ca nt believe their luck.
When they find the perfect house.
Here  all the neighbors are.
They have high hopes.
But Rachel s dreams soon turn.
First  there s something hiding  then  the awful crying in the walls.
Now  Kevin is acting strange.
Terrified  Rachel thinks - but could her insanity extend.
She must be going crazy.
<EOS>
It is.
All set off in two straight lines  as part of their usual routine.
However  they soon learn  so they wait to come and treat her.
Miss Clavel has a cold.
Meanwhile  Miss Clavel is interrupted.
Who is practicing the violin next door.
He promises Madeline.
He will not play again until Miss Clavel is well again.
Dr Cohn says to give.
Miss Clavel love and warmth  and that soon she shall be well.
That night  the girls reminisce.
They have at home.
When they too are sick.
Madeline tells them.
She spent.
She has no family left.
Heartbroken  the girls wail  but are soon comforted by Miss Clavel.
Who was awoken.
She reminds the girls.
They all love and look out  and that they all are just as much a family as anybody else  bringing peace of mind to all of the girls.
Everybody returns with sweet dreams.
Is coming.
Miss Clavel feels better  a letter is delivered  saying Madeline s long-lost Uncle Horst from Vienna.
Ecstatic  Madeline eagerly awaits his arrival.
She still has a family.
Uncle Horst arrives later  and is reacquainted with his niece.
Whom he remembers fondly.
Madeline is pleased to meet him.
Horst presents all twelve girls as a gift.
Uncle Horst then announces.
He has been made Madeline s new legal guardian  and that she is to accompany him  where she can attend a fine finishing school.
Madeline reluctantly agrees to go.
Nobody wants her to leave.
That evening  Uncle Horst returns to dine.
Horst tells of the Austrian School to the girls  certain.
It will be more fulfilling.
The girls  wanting to prove  puts.
Their home is just as good.
Horst  however  does not sway.
They leave the next morning  while assuring her that she will come to love Vienna.
Uncle Horst leaves.
Which Lord Cucuface reminds him.
The night  Pepito tried and failed to stop the sun.
Madeline was to leave.
Soon  Madeline leaves.
Where the Orient Express will take them.
Miss Clavel gives Madeline her mother s beaded necklace.
She was to give Madeline.
The two then depart.
However  the man instead took her  even abandoning her pet dog Genevieve on the way.
To be Madeline s uncle.
Fearing  Madeline throws pieces.
She is being kidnapped.
Where she is taken to.
Madeline is soon taken.
Where Uncle Horst accidentally reveals that he is French  not Viennese German as he had claimed.
It is then revealed.
Horst is nt her uncle at all.
A man named Henri  a failed Shakespearean actor.
Inside are girls.
Who were also kidnapped and were forced.
One befriended Madeline.
Miss Clavel  the girls  and Pepito tried to stop her and Horst.
That Pepito could give her his parting gift  A shrunken head.
They arrive.
To learn that the two had taken the Metro  not the Orient Express.
They also find.
Genevieve abandoned.
Fearing the worst  Miss Clavel enlists the police to help them rescue Madeline.
Meanwhile   Fifi s cough turns one of LaCroque s laces yellow.
LaCroque banned her  and must instead make black lace in the dark.
Madeline defends her.
She ends up being thrown.
Fifi tells Madeline.
LaCroque was once a cabaret dancer who had once torn her dress.
When performing.
She refused to perform  and sold her long hair to make lace.
She then went and kidnapped all of the girls to work as her miserable servants.
Meanwhile  Pepito and Madeline s friends go off to find her and discover the trail of beads.
Led. 
A customer claims to LaCroque.
She wants red lace  which gives her the idea to cut off some.
Madeline tells her new friends.
When an escape plan fails that they may be small  but can follow.
LaCroque interrupts and cuts off some.
Pepeto is able to swipe off LaCroque s wig while.
Miss Clavel and the police were able to discover the so-called uncle.
A boy trips him.
Pepito and the girls use the shrunken head to first knock off La Croque s wig  and then frighten her.
Madeline is still.
Meanwhile  Miss Clavel is able to convince Henri to lead them to Madeline   the cops wo nt be so hard on you.
You help.
Henri reluctantly agrees to lead them there.
Madeline and all are able to tangle LaCroque in lace.
As the police car pulls up.
Henri  feeling guilty  tries to escape  only to be tripped  allowing the girls to tangle him up as well.
LaCroque accidentally kicks Henri.
Before he trips.
She and Henri are arrested and taken to jail.
The other factory girls still have no place.
Madeline has a great plan  though.
That night  Madeline tells her friends.
They can do.
Danielle will go shopping  Chloe will travel to exotic countries around the world.
Nicole will own a zoo.
Madeline receives a huge reward  and used it to open a school for the orphaned girls and realize.
She has family.
All rejoice in the fact.
They are all truly a happy family.
<EOS>
The film starts by composer Anton Abril  accompanied by Marcello Giombini s wordless song Seli and some psychedelic opening credits.
The opening scene is some poorly duplicated stock footage.
The Arkonide expedition s commander is a platinum blonde with a wardrobe of skintight spacesuits.
The film adds an intriguing subplot.
Does nt appear.
The evil ` Homer Larkin  plots to get the Moon s wealth take it all for themselves.
Mr Larkin has a pet similar.
<EOS>
The serial opens.
Establishes the theme.
This scene is followed.
Urquhart publicly praises Thatcher  but privately begrudges her record as the longest-serving Prime Minister in recent history  The serial refers to Thatcher as Britain s longest-serving Prime Minister.
When she was actually the seventh-longest serving.
The novel does not contain this mistake.
It accurately refers as the longest-serving post-war Prime Minister.
A record is soon to surpass.
Urquhart himself.
To leave my mark  Urquhart champions a treaty resolving the Cyprus dispute between Greek and Turkish Cypriots.
Urquhart also has a personal connection.
He killed two young men of the EOKA terrorist group while trying to get information from them.
Urquhart has frequent nightmares and flashbacks.
Returning on the motorway from a meeting with the oil company executive  Urquhart s car is rammed by another car containing three drunken louts.
The attackers are quickly killed.
Urquhart sustains minor head injuries.
His life is not endangered.
Lying  Urquhart experiences again his recurring nightmare about the killings in Cyprus.
He is delirious and confuses the incident with the incident in Cyprus.
When Elizabeth arrives.
Tom Makepeace  the Foreign Secretary and Deputy Prime Minister  chairs a cabinet meeting.
Urquhart is.
It is announced.
The motorway incident was simply the result.
Urquhart considers Makepeace - the actual negotiator - as a potential challenger.
He does nt take the threat very seriously  considering him.
Meanwhile  the brother ago is now living in London.
Unknown  he witnessed their deaths and recognises Urquhart as the soldier.
Who killed them.
He asks his daughter Maria to investigate  using the pretext.
He wishes to find the location where they are buried to arrange a proper memorial.
It is revenge rather than mourning.
Is. 
He asks.
Himself  he is able to confirm that Urquhart is their killer  How will I punish him.
She approaches Urquhart.
Who appears to be welcoming and eager to help.
Unknown  he arranges.
Documents revealing his involvement be excluded.
But he also confides the truth.
Urquhart chooses a female protege.
He appoints the ambitious backbencher Claire Carlsen.
Claire also happens to be Makepeace s lover.
However  she tells Urquhart to get rid.
When Urquhart asks her advice.
Encouraged  Urquhart enrages Makepeace by making a speech in the House of Commons suggesting.
Britain should not adopt the European currency  but that Europe should instead adopt English.
Urquhart tells him his tenure.
When Makepeace remonstrates.
Foreign Secretary is over and offers him the Department.
The furious Makepeace resigns  crosses the floor  and emerges as the prime minister s main adversary in parliament.
He also challenges Urquhart and forces him into a second ballot.
She continues to talk privately and encourages him to fight Urquhart.
Claire ends her sexual relationship.
She also advises Maria to take her case.
Who repeatedly raises the.
Claire purloins the original report on the Cyprus killings with Urquhart s name revealed from the secret government archive.
Where it is stored.
Urquhart s bodyguard  Corder - informed - seizes the document from her.
Makepeace s leadership challenge has attracted enough support to convince Urquhart.
His position is.
He decides to leak information.
Order to stir up a conflict and trigger an international incident that requires Britain to intervene so that he can use as our Falklands to unite Britain under his leadership.
Greek nationalists kidnap a British diplomat  and later also the Greek Cypriot President.
Urquhart orders a British military intervention.
The intervention later results.
Initially successful.
Urquhart s support plummets.
Many MPs openly call to resign.
When he proves unwilling to accept responsibility  or even to express sympathy for the victims.
His wife is worried.
Urquhart appears defiant.
She consults Corder.
To save him.
Corder advises drastic measures  and informs her.
He has sent a copy.
Makepeace confronts the prime minister and announces.
He will publish the tape  but not before Urquhart has achieved his aim.
Urquhart again meets Maria.
The incriminating Cyprus report has been sent - presumably by Corder.
Maria vows to publish it.
Urquhart despairs.
Elizabeth consoles him  We can be safe still.
When Urquhart surpasses her record.
Elizabeth had arranged to preserve his reputation.
Urquhart dies.
Corder offers his services.
<EOS>
The story tells.
Who stalks victims.
<EOS>
Piggy Hamhock is always hungry  thinking  eating  and stealing food.
When he can.
And no matter  he never fills up.
Much he eats.
Piggy swipes a pie and spins it around his finger  he tries to eat a second pie in the same manner  but his mother catches him in time.
When his mother leaves a pair.
He eats it.
He accidentally chomps.
That afternoon  his mother serves spaghetti.
He ties.
The family says grace.
All strands together  so that he can devour all the spaghetti in a single slurp.
He is awake  in deep thought of food.
The next morning  he finds.
Himself invited  hiccuping old man.
The old man asks Piggy and presents Piggy.
He is hungry.
Overjoyed  Piggy sits down  rubbing his belly in anticipation.
The man shoves the table of food out of Piggy s reach.
The cover is pulled out from under him.
A leather belt straps him in place.
A robotic arm swings around to take hold.
The man declaring  So  it s food.
Shows himself to be some sort.
You want.
The scientist rushes down to activate the controls  yelling  So  you love food  eh.
The chair carries him  the mechanical arm then pulls on Piggy s nose forcing his mouth open to let in a torrent of soup through a feeder shaped like a Pelton wheel but with spoons as buckets.
Piggy is strapped.
He is then fed bananas popped out down his throat like bullets.
Next are stops.
To follow.
Doles. 
Then comes the main course  a sandwich.
Big dispensed from the PIE-A-TROPE -- pies spinning on the spindle of a converted jukebox.
Laughing maniacally  the scientist -- -- incessantly continues forcing food into Piggy.
The pig is returned from the basement up to the mad scientist s living room  transformed into an extremely obese  food-packed ball.
Bulging out  Piggy is utterly happy.
Looking he delights at the prospect of more food.
He pulls.
Or rather  he wakes up screaming - it was just a dream.
Then hearing the sound  he dashes downstairs and starts eating again with gusto.
<EOS>
A young and impoverished accompanist named.
Sophie Vasseur gets a job.
Charles  a businessman collaborating with the Nazis  wrestles with his conscience  the highly impressionable Sophie becomes obsessed with Irene  taking on the role of maid as well as accompanist  living life vicariously through Irene s triumphs and affairs  especially romantic.
Sophie goes along  much.
When Irene relocates.
<EOS>
Cecilie Brunner was once a good natured woman.
She becomes a cynical vamp.
She falls with surgeon Peter Van Martyn.
Peter makes clear.
He does not approve her life style.
This results.
She ends up gambling her home away.
Realizing  Cecilie changes back.
Her life style is nt appropriate.
However  she is paralyzed  while saving a child.
It is Peter.
Who heals her.
<EOS>
Niloofar  a twelve-year-old girl  is dreaming.
Unfortunately  only boys can go to school.
Niloofars mother  a midwife  pushes her to become her apprentice.
Niloofar meets an educated woman.
She start Noloofar.
To read and write.
The father of Niloofar has bought a field of palms.
The price  Niloofar.
Soon as she is a woman.
Niloofar is horrified and tries to postpone her periods.
She hides this.
When her periods finally do arrive.
But the truth can not be hidden.
One day her secret is exposed.
She does not love.
Her family is shocked and feels themselves dishonored.
They send her stepbrother out to track Niloofar down and bring her back.
<EOS>
A kindly old school teacher helps the gang escape.
They run.
Escaping. 
Afoul rescues them just before the sheriff gets there.
The school teacher returns and demands better treatment for the boys.
<EOS>
Aakash Rana  is an engineer and the courts order.
Who stays before his illegal status gets discovered.
Him deported  thus crushing his dreams.
Four years later  Aakash returns to wreak some havoc.
Is a bomb threat.
What follows.
Sanjay Raina trying his best to save his daughter Piya and the passengers.
Who are thrown.
Who are escorting a prisoner.
Aakash demands 10000000 euros and then he will tell.
To disarm the bomb.
The ministry does not want to give the money.
Khanna convinces them.
The money will given back.
He walks away.
Meghna gets the money and tries to get away.
She evades the cops.
Unfortunately she is killed.
Khanna finds out.
Khan is one and chases him.
Khan is shot.
He gets away.
Aakash once again demands money and tells it to be left.
The dustbin falls inward.
Aakash runs away.
Though the police attempt to pursue him.
Khanna and his team find out.
Where Aadil is and go there to arrest him.
However  Aadil commits suicide.
Aakash calls Raina and tells him.
A note has been left.
However  the restaurant catches is burnt.
Aakash visits Nikita and his son.
They arrange to leave UK that night.
Khanna visits Nikita and tells.
Who her husband is.
They should leave UK because the police has found out about his plan of leaving via plane.
There he sees a video.
The letter was burnt.
Aakash calls Raina and tells him.
The bomb was not connected.
The train will not explode.
Stopped. 
Raina stops the train and everyone disembarks safely.
Nikita  goes and sees Aakash and the news.
Who is helping Khanna now.
The bomb threat was hoax.
She lets.
Aakash go.
Khanna finds out.
Aakash s son calls him Daddy.
Khanna chases him and they fight.
Khanna does not say anything.
Aakash tells why he did all this.
However  the police arrive.
Aakash had a gun.
Nikita receives a letter.
Aakash had written.
It stated.
The money was  in case he dies.
He also states.
She should give half the money.
Also  he asks her to tell his son and dies.
What he did was to get justice.
Finally  Aakash tells Nikita and bids her goodbye.
If they ever meet  the end of their love story would be much better.
<EOS>
A college student  a single middle aged mother and an older widow meet.
Elizabeth is a college freshman  beginning to understand her sexual identity.
Laurie is just beginning a relationship.
Her ex-husband s tries to use their son.
An older widow  Doris   has met a new man.
The film weaves their stories together  exploring the similarities.
Connect three very different women.
<EOS>
A serial killer wearing a welder s mask strikes during the Mardi Gras festival.
He goes and asks for the most evil prostitute.
He can find.
He then takes her.
Where he ties her up.
He then kills more prostitutes to get their hearts to sacrifice.
A policeman then hunts down the killer.
Who uses a prostitute.
<EOS>
The film follows Maxime Nathan and his Jewish family during the years leading up to World War II.
Francois Grimbert grows up.
He is the skinny  sickly son.
He dreams of a stronger  fitter  more charismatic older brother to compensate for his own feelings of inadequacy.
Only gradually does he learn and.
He has a sibling -- a half-brother named Simon  his father s first son.
Simon is the big secret.
The discovery opens the door.
Francois knows.
His parents met sometime.
He imagines their courtship and marriage.
Nobody talks about any more.
<EOS>
My Run tells the true story.
The first   opens the film.
Began. 
When Terry Hitchcock s wife Sue dies.
Only a few days later he loses his job.
Suddenly  he finds himself.
The film follows Terry.
He learns to function  and discovers how difficult it is to maintain and nourish a strong loving family and how faith can be instrumental in strengthening your will to keep moving forward.
His experience also teaches him.
Single parents and their children are unsung everyday heroes.
The film jumps forward.
When Terry takes the first step to Atlanta.
He runs every day  covering the equivalent for 75 consecutive days to arrive just in time for the summer Olympic Games.
He runs.
Terry expresses.
He wants to let everyone know that nothing is impossible  that ordinary people can do extraordinary things.
Every one can do something  Terry says.
S what it s all about.
<EOS>
The bosses meet in the French Riviera to discuss a new threat emerging from Asia.
Don is jeopardising their business.
He is able to sell drugs.
The bosses send word out.
Don must die.
Don has been living and goes to a remote settlement to pick up a shipment of cocaine.
Don has to fight his way out.
The European drug dealers want him dead.
He then inexplicably goes back.
Where he surrenders.
Don is sentenced and sent to a Malaysian prison.
Where he meets his old rival Vardhaan.
Don offers Vardhan his friendship  Vardhan agrees - they escape the prison and go to Zurich  Switzerland.
Where Don meets his trusted companion  Ayesha.
They retrieve the contents of a locker.
Vardhaan could access.
The locker holds a tape.
Shows J.
K Diwan  the vice president  sent by Fabian Kohl to bribe Singhania to kill a competitor.
Don blackmails Diwan.
That he can steal the printing plates.
Diwan gives him fake information and hires an assassin Jabbar instead.
Don manages to escape and forces Jabbar to work.
Diwan  left  hands over the real information.
Don and his new team plan a bank robbery and carry out their plan.
Don is betrayed by Vardhaan and Jabbar but manages to escape.
However  one calls.
The police and Don is captured.
Don threatens Sameer.
Unable to enter the bank and free the hostages  the police are forced to work to get back into the bank in exchange for immunity in Germany.
Don and Roma manage to reach Vardhaan.
Jabbar but Roma is shot.
She refuses to kill Don when told to do so.
This gives an idea.
Roma still has feelings  even though he killed her brother five years ago.
Vardhaan and his thugs fight and Don manages to defeat them  Jabbar gets killed.
He then gets his immunity papers and surrenders the disc and the plates.
He takes Roma.
Don and Roma exchange one glance.
He later detonates a bomb.
He planted earlier.
It is revealed.
Don actually still has one.
It is also revealed.
Sameer was loyal.
Giving his information was just a part of Don s plan.
The police can not do anything.
Don has immunity and do not know that Don has a plate.
Don also gives the police a disc.
It is really a disc.
All the members are arrested.
Don becomes the king.
<EOS>
The British Rocket Group  headed  launches its first rocket into space.
All contact with the rocket and the three occupants - Carroon  Reichenheim and Green - is lost.
The rocket returns  crashing in an English field.
Quatermass and his assistant Briscoe arrive.
Opening the rocket s hatch  they find only Carroon  there is no sign.
Carroon appears to be  only able to mouth.
The words Help me.
He is taken.
Quatermass and Briscoe investigate what happened.
It becomes evident he encountered while.
Carroon has been changed.
He can absorb any living thing.
He comes with.
His right arm begins mutating.
When he absorbs a cactus.
Not knowing this  Carroon s wife  Judith  hires a private investigator to break her husband out.
The escape is successful.
Carroon kills and absorbs the private investigator.
It does not take long to discover.
What her husband has become.
Carroon soon flees.
Inspector Lomax  initiates a manhunt to find the missing astronaut.
Hiding out  Carroon encounters.
A little girl but leaves her unharmed.
Instead  he heads.
Where he absorbs many.
Carroon has become completely mutated.
Quatermass and Briscoe track the creature.
Quatermass concludes.
An alien creature has taken and will eventually release spores  endangering the entire planet.
Quatermass succeeds in killing the creature by electrocution.
Quatermass ignores all those.
He leaves the Abbey.
Who pass him and ask what s happened  save.
Quatermass replies.
He ll start all over again.
He leaves Marsh and walks away.
<EOS>
Oliver Watson has never been luckier  he is a successful advertising executive  shares a marriage with Sarah and has three loving kids  17-year-old Ben  15-year-old Melissa  and 9-year-old Sam.
His perfect life suddenly falls apart.
When his wife Sarah announces that she wants to enter a graduate school  as she regrets that she gave up her bohemian protester s life and promising writing career to become the wife of a conservative traditionalist.
A devastated Oliver tries to prevent her and even offers to move with her.
Sarah has made up her mind  she will enroll college and does not want any company.
The children are just as displeased.
When they find out.
They start acting out.
Mostly affects Ben.
He spends most of his time with promiscuous teenager Bobbi Carver.
Whom he impregnates.
Meanwhile  Oliver unsuccessfully tries to save his marriage.
Sarah announces that she is seeing someone else.
Meanwhile  his mother s health is worsening.
His father George decides to pull the plug.
Sarah shows up to reveal her plans on filing for divorce.
Feeling  Oliver accepts a job.
His life has no purpose there anymore.
Melissa and Sam move.
Ben stays behind.
Oliver falls in love with Charlotte Sampson  a successful actress in a popular TV series.
Who dreams.
Which she also connects.
However   Oliver fears.
When she is offered a role.
The past will repeat itself.
He breaks off their engagement.
Meanwhile  Bobbi has suddenly left Ben and took Alexander.
Desperate  Ben turns.
Together they fight successfully.
Afterwards  Ben visits Charlotte  and finds out.
She has rejected the Broadway role.
She agrees.
She is still mad for cutting her out of his life.
They reconcile.
<EOS>
Raul and Elio are tantalized by the promise of a new life in Miami.
Accused has no choice.
To flee.
Elio must decide.
Whether his own escape is worth abandoning his beloved sister.
Brimming and evocative cinematography of the sun-bleached capital.
Una Noche follows one sweltering day  full and fraught with tensions.
Burns. 
<EOS>
Divya is a mischievous and naughty girl.
Her father is a government servant and is very strict.
One day  she finds out.
There is a marriage proposal which her parents are very much looking forward to.
Unwilling to get married  she deliberately comes home late.
The groom s family is there to meet her  so that they reject her.
The groom  Chandrakumar and his family are patiently waiting to meet her.
Divya talks very arrogantly to make him dislike her.
He ends up liking her and agrees.
Divya succumbs and marries Chandrakumar.
Chandrakumar takes Divya to New Delhi with him.
Unable to come  Divya snubs her well-meaning husband at every given instance.
This culminates.
When Chandrakumar asks her what she wants.
A shocked Chandrakumar probes her.
Her flashback unfolds.
Where she was.
It was.
She met a man Manohar  who along beat up the son of a M.
P and robs his money.
She considers it a gang theft and reports.
But later  she finds out.
The theft was done.
P s son had run his car.
To arrange money.
She feels guilty of framing him and bails him out of the police station.
Manohar falls and tries to win her love.
Divya initially rejects him but falls in due course.
Manohar is a member.
Plans an illegal rally.
Divya does nt approve his participation and persuades him not to attend the rally.
Manohar urges her to marry him the next day.
Manohar  being a suspect  is falsely charged for participating in the previous day s rally.
He attempts to escape and runs.
He is arrested and taken away.
Where Divya is waiting.
The policeman accidentally shoots him.
Manohar dies.
Chandrakumar is ready to forget her past and live.
Divya can not accept another man.
Both file for a divorce  but as per the law   they can get it only after one year of their marriage.
They are newly married.
Divya is forced to live.
She slowly gets starts liking him.
But Chandrakumar ignores her completely.
He does nt want to get used.
Divya struggles to save his life.
Chandrakumar is attacked as he had suspended their union leader.
She renders her services as a wife.
Chandrakumar however neglects it.
Hurts her.
Divya finally comes to understand her love and tries to reveal it by wearing the anklets.
He gifted her just.
But he is irritated and asks her to leave to her parent s home and even books tickets for her travel.
Them do nt share their feelings.
Divya leaves the house.
Gives her the divorce papers.
She is about to depart Chandrakumar.
She asked.
Divya bursts out and finally admits.
She loves him.
She would wait.
He realizes it and leaves.
Chandrakumar  finally coming  gets her out of the train and both return home happily.
<EOS>
Big wars are avoided by giving individuals with violent tendencies a chance to kill in the Big Hunt.
The Hunt is the most popular form and also attracts participants.
Who are looking.
It includes ten rounds  five as the hunter and five as the victim.
The survivor becomes extremely wealthy and retires.
Scenes switch.
Caroline Meredith is the huntress armed Bosch shotgun looking for her tenth victim.
Marcello Poletti is the victim.
He is reluctant to kill Meredith.
He is not sure whether she is his hunter  but then later because they become romantically involved.
To maximize financial gain  Meredith wants to get a perfect kill.
She has negotiated a major sponsor.
<EOS>
Separated  siblings Danny  Art and Grace settle.
A land dispute whilst their mother Dolores Loleng Rosales succumbs to debilitating disease.
Old resentments begin to surface and spill over.
They cope.
The tract left to them by their deceased father.
<EOS>
Molly and Pat Malley  a married couple  arrive in a small Connecticut town to play a show   the Malleys buy the hotel just for the satisfaction of firing him.
When they re insulted.
But this aggravates the local realtor.
Who s had his eye.
The realtor places an ad in Variety.
The Malleys are providing free room and board.
Many do.
<EOS>
The story describes.
The 1883 eruption blew half of the large island into the air that produced a tsunami  and an air wave that was felt seven times around the globe.
The eruption also emitted tons.
Dimmed the sun.
<EOS>
Maddy is the mother  at age 12 Terry commits a horrifying axe murder.
Todd is set up.
Todd gets arrested and sent.
Ten years later  Maddy is about to get married again and plans to make the announcement.
She receives.
A phone call saying that Todd has escaped.
The thrilled Terry begins to make plans to begin another killing spree.
Which Todd would almost certainly be blamed.
<EOS>
You could be the King  The richest man of India  or a Leader of Technoworld.
But  do.
Your heart is not.
You think you can feel the Complete KHUSHIYAAN.
Raj has sacrificed many things to fulfill his career ambitions.
But he is haunted.
He must return to make peace with his aging father whom he greatly admires.
Will he make peace .
<EOS>
The film takes place  13 years after the events of the first film.
It begins.
They are heavily intoxicated and use their car phone to call and harass on-air radio DJ Vanita Stretch Brock.
Unable to convince them to hang up  Stretch is forced to keep the line open.
The two teenagers encounter a large pickup truck.
Runs parallel on a remote bridge.
Suddenly  Leatherface  wielding a chainsaw  emerges to attack the boys.
Rick tries to shoot Leatherface with a.
44 Magnum revolver  but misses his target.
Leatherface then slices off part.
The car ends up crashing.
The following morning  Lieutenant Lefty Enright  former Texas Ranger  and uncle.
Who were victims earlier.
Lefty has spent the last thirteen years investigating his niece and nephew s disappearances.
Lefty is able to convince the local newspaper to print a tiny article.
Regarded by his peers.
The article captures the interest.
Who brings him a copy.
Initially mortified  Lefty asks Stretch to play the tape.
The law enforcers and the people will have to listen.
Leatherface s family arrive.
The sounds echo across the airwaves of Texas.
Stretch finds Chop Top  waiting.
Preparing to leave.
Leatherface emerges.
When she tries to get rid.
Horrified  Stretch locks herself  holding off Leatherface.
He comes.
Meanwhile  Stretch s co-worker arrives  but is beaten badly by Chop Top.
She does some fast talking and charms him.
Leatherface approaches Stretch  about to attack.
Leatherface restarts his chainsaw and tears off through the studio slashing at walls  furniture and studio equipment  but leaves Stretch alive.
He returns.
Where he leads Chop Top to believe that he has killed Stretch.
Leatherface and Chop Top haul Stretch s mortally wounded co-worker off.
Who winds up trapped.
Is actually an abandoned carnival ground decorated.
Lefty soon turns up and begins to carve up the home in a rage.
Before he finds the remains.
Stretch finds her co-worker dead and takes a look.
Drayton finds Stretch roaming the grounds and the family capture her.
Lefty eventually finds her being tortured and saves her.
Drayton tries to bribe Lefty.
Lefty slashes Drayton s back side  and frees Stretch.
A battle ensues  ending with a chainsaw duel between Leatherface and Lefty.
Lefty gains the upper hand and impales Leatherface.
A wounded Drayton commentates.
Lefty and most of the Sawyer family are apparently killed.
When a grenade goes off prematurely.
Only Chop Top and Stretch escape.
Where they have a final battle.
Stretch grabs a chainsaw held by the mummified remains of the family s grandmother in a ritual shrine in the rock tower.
Stretch then gets the upper hand.
She cuts him  causing him to fall off the tower to a presumed death.
The final shot shows Stretch standing and emulating Leatherface s famous chainsaw dance from the ending of the first film.
<EOS>
16-year-old Miranda has been abandoned  and has dropped out of school.
She is supporting herself.
Her father  Charlie  resides.
Miranda finds the relatively peaceful existence.
When Charlie is released and sent back.
She s built for herself completely disrupted.
Charlie has become obsessed.
The long-lost treasure is buried somewhere near their suburban California house in the Santa Clarita Valley.
Armed  Charlie soon finds reason to believe.
The gold resides  and encourages Miranda to get a job there so that they can plan a way to excavate after hours.
Initially skeptical  Miranda soon finds herself joining in an effort to give him one last shot at accomplishing his dreams.
Miranda then helps Charlie break into the Costco.
Once they drill through the floor and then into an underground river.
Charlie steals some scuba diving equipment  dives  and then finds the gold.
He retrieves much but tragically does not return from his last dive.
Where he pursues further and finds the missing explorer.
Charlie left Miranda a tag and told her not to lose it.
The next day  she visits Costco and finds the product  a dishwasher.
The tag belongs.
Miranda buys the dishwasher  takes it  and opens it.
She is seen bathed across her face.
When Miranda opens the dishwasher.
Strong indication that Charlie has cached the gold  although the gold is never actually shown to the viewer.
<EOS>
The movie opens his memoirs into a video camera.
To prove  he chews some bubble gum.
It is not a camera trick.
Nick narrates the story.
He came to be invisible.
His secretary refers as a bullshit artist.
He spends most.
His friend George Talbot invites him to join his table.
Where Nick meets Alice Monroe.
Sharing an instant attraction  Nick and Alice make out.
Nick drinks heavily to console himself.
When Alice has to leave.
The pair set a lunch date.
The following morning  Nick is unable to avoid going at Magnascopic Labaratories.
Unable to endure the droning presentation  Nick leaves in search of a bathroom.
The technician spills his coffee.
When he asks a lab technician.
Nick eventually finds an empty sauna and lies down.
Meanwhile  the coffee has caused a meltdown.
The entire building is evacuated.
The building seems to explode.
There is no debris.
Instead  much is rendered invisible  including Nick.
CIA operative David Jenkins   arrives.
Who has a shady past.
He discovers Nick s condition.
The agents joke.
They are transferring him.
Nick will spend the rest.
Nick flees.
Jenkins convinces his supervisor Warren Singleton not to notify CIA headquarters.
That they can capture and take credit.
Nick holes up.
Jenkins tracks him.
Nick decides to hide.
He locates Dr Wachs.
He can restore Nick s visibility.
The physicist has no idea.
To help  however.
Jenkins interrogates Dr Wachs and eventually has him killed to keep Nick s invisibility a secret.
Nick decides to flee San Francisco to George s remote beach house.
Unfortunately  George arrives  Alice and Richard  another friend  to spend the weekend.
Nick reveals his condition.
Who decides to help him.
The pair board a train.
Where Nick wants to set up a new life.
Jenkins tracks them down.
Nick is shot with a tranquilizer dart  loses consciousness and falls off the train and into a river.
He makes his way.
Where he tapes his memoirs.
He records an ultimatum for Jenkins  exchange Alice for the tape.
Nick will give it.
Jenkins agrees  putting Alice.
His men surround Nick  across the street.
However  Nick has disguised himself.
George is standing.
Jenkins pursues the cab  eventually cornering Nick.
Using his suit jacket  Nick lures Jenkins to the edge  threatening to jump and sends his nemesis to his death.
Believing Nick to be dead  along  Singleton tells Alice to forget everything.
S happened.
Nick comes.
Who s looking.
The two walk off.
They move.
The film closes.
Where a pregnant Alice greets him.
<EOS>
This film involves two characters.
Played. 
Siva is a fisherman and does good things  and does bad things.
Ashok is a lawyer  womanizer.
Ashok kills a girl with.
Whom he made love.
His brother Siva drags Ashok to court.
Where Ashok uses his professional knowledge to escape out.
However  Siva finds out.
Ashok is.
Siva confronts Ashok.
Ashok hires goons to kill Siva.
Ashok gets killed.
Siva unites.
<EOS>
Sid  a bachelor works.
He meets Sonali.
Who joins him.
They earn well.
Together  they are known.
Sometimes  they secretly make husband and wife fight.
Will result.
This happens.
But  hell breaks loose.
When Marc finds out the reason that got him and Maggie divorced.
<EOS>
The film starts sometime in.
Boatmen Hemel -LSB- Harry H.
Corbett -RSB- and Ronnie -LSB- Ronnie Barker -RSB- receive orders to take 50 tons of cargo from Brentford to Boxmoor  then run empty to Birmingham.
Hemel is shown to be proud and very unwilling to leave the canals.
You ll get me.
Hemel plans out his journey  with and.
The boats are being loaded.
What stops.
What women.
He is shown to have a particular soft spot.
He acts insouciant.
They come across ` the mariner  -LSB- Eric Skyes -RSB-  as a gullible and irritating owner of a GRP cruiser  a boat  and.
Was becoming predominant during this time.
Who would crop up.
Hemel meets with the first of his planned flames  Nelly -LSB- Miriam Karlin -RSB-  at her pub ` The Boat Horse.
This does not go  first by Nelly suggesting during the evening she discovering.
They should get married and then.
He is seeing other women.
He and Ronnie end up being chased out wielding a knife and promising to skin Hemel.
And when he returns that way.
Hemel gets in a heated discussion with the foreman -LSB- Eric Parkes -RSB- about living on the boats.
The boats are being unloaded.
Again  Hemel defends the boats and shows his aversion.
The mariner briefly appears again here.
His next flame  Cynthia .
Jo Rowbottom -RSB- joins Hemel.
Ronnie is left to work the pair.
Hemel s popularity is shown by having all of the female staff leaning out of the windows  shouting out for Hemel and going back inside disappointed.
Passing a factory block  pressumably turned.
The boats pass.
When Ronnie informs them.
Hemel is nt out because he s having his dinner.
Cynthia leaves the boat.
When they are going down some locks.
The journey continues.
Ronnie asks.
Hemel is bothering.
Hemel says.
He happens to think very highly.
Ronnie warns him.
He needs to be careful.
The film switches over  shouting at a young man.
Whom he has pinned  evidently having been fighting with him.
His daughter starts a heated conversation.
When he goes back.
He counters.
Hemmel gives Ronnie some money and tells him to keep him lashed up till closing time.
Ronnie and Joe go off  leaving Christine and Hemel alone.
This is apparently the pattern.
Is. 
The only way Ronnie is able to keep Joe from going back to the house.
This turns.
All the pub takes part.
Meanwhile  Christine questions Hemel.
Whether he ever wants children.
Hemel answers the affirmative.
This turns.
Whether he would leave the canal.
This is cut short realising.
Quiet the nearby pub has gone.
Back Joe is the only person left awake after the drinking contest.
He has won.
Ronnie is left slumped  with the rest of the pub also asleep in various positions.
Joe leaves the pub and shouts.
I can out-drink any man.
Hemel makes it back to the boats without detection.
The next morning a severely hungover Joe is being berated for drinking so much.
She leaves the room to continue her work  and is shown to be feeling faint.
There is the sound.
Joe finds her unconscious.
The doctor is called.
Her pregnancy is revealed.
Who manages to ascertain that the father of the child is one of the boatmen.
Meanwhile  Hemel and Ronnie have made it.
Hemel is shown.
Ronnie is   without one at all.
Joe drains the pound and makes a bomb.
Order to find the father.
Rigs it  promising to hold up traffic and threatening to blow up the gates.
The guilty party is found.
Anyone tries to touch them.
Ronnie and Hemel are bringing the boats back and come.
They go to find out whats happened and find out Christine.
Is pregnant.
They are about to back the boats up and run away.
When Christine is heard pleading.
Hemel rushes in to defend her.
The boatwomen pick up to Christine  putting two and two together.
Christine adamantly states.
She wont marry him because she does nt want to live.
Joe comes forward and   punches him.
Hemel is shown.
He is seen obviously missing the canals.
Ronnie is bringing the boats.
Christine runs to meet him  and finds.
That the boats are to be signed off.
Christine takes pity and enlists Ronnie s help.
Hemel is still upset by being on the land.
He is very happy to be.
Christine tells him.
She has a present and leads him outside.
Banstead and Bellerophon  freshly painted and gaily decorated  are tied up outside.
Christine tells Hemel.
She wants to work the boats until the end of carrying eighteen months later.
The film ends going into the butty s cabin.
Ronnie sighs and takes.
He s always done.
<EOS>
Thomas plays.
Davey Osborne  an 11-year-old who lives  played by Coleman.
His mother has recently died  leaving just him and his father  a military air traffic controller.
Who has problems relating.
Davey is a lonely child and is still grieving over his mother  so he immerses himself  an espionage game.
Exists. 
Davey has one friend  Kim  a girl.
Who lives nearby.
Davey is interested.
His hero is the character Jack Flack.
He wants to live an action-packed life.
He carries.
Davey spends much Cloak & Dagger and spinning elaborate fantasies involving Jack Flack.
Who takes the form of a more dashing version of his father.
One day Davey s friend Morris   sends Davey and Kim.
Who owns a video game shop.
Where Davey witnesses a murder.
Right  he gives Davey a Cloak & Dagger video-game cartridge and says.
The victim dies.
The cartridge contains important military secrets  that he must get it.
Davey seeks help.
They simply believe him to be engaging.
Murderous spies  led  chase Davey relentlessly.
He flees.
The action moves.
Davey manages to continually evade his pursuers with the aid and advice of the imaginary Jack Flack.
However  Davey s relationship with Flack becomes more strained as his own sense of morality and concern for his friend Kim collide with Flack s harsh methods and cavalier attitude.
This comes.
When Davey is cornered along the River Walk.
Jack Flack urges Davey to set the two spies into a crossfire  causing one to kill the other.
He then convinces Davey to pick up the gun.
Jack Flack attempts a distraction  causing Davey to look off.
When he is then cornered.
Thinking  the spy fires.
Somebody else has arrived.
Davey fires at Rice  causing him to fall dead into the river.
Davey then realizes.
Jack Flack tricked him  and is filled with rage and guilt.
He throws away the pistol  then takes out the miniature toy  breaking it and shouting.
I do nt want to play anymore.
He says  then Jack fades away.
Davey was his favorite play partner.
Earlier  Davey is befriended by a kindly elderly couple.
Seemingly the only adults  or at least the only ones  the couple turn out to be enforcers working.
To believe him.
Who are willing to humor his adventures.
Davey manages to escape their clutches  but.
He chases the couple.
Where they are attempting to flee the country.
Davey forces the couple s hand by pretending.
They are his parents and that they are abandoning him.
The couple kidnaps Davey and commandeers a plane  unaware a bomb.
When security attempts to intervene.
Davey has brought.
The spies had meant to use to kill Kim.
Unwilling to listen about the bomb  the couple requests a pilot.
Meanwhile  Hal has arrived.
He volunteers to be the pilot.
The two manage to escape safely  the bomb kills the dastardly couple.
The film ends.
He no longer needs Jack Flack because he has his father.
<EOS>
A car delivery driver  Kowalski  arrives night with a black Chrysler Imperial.
<EOS>
Stan and Ollie arrive.
Apparently taking part  a raid they tell a prison officer they were only watching.
The officer shoots them.
They accidentally puncture the radiator in the prison inspector s car with a pickaxe and then stupidly try to patch it with rice on the advice of another convict.
The rice boils up and spews out.
The engine is started.
This starts a rice-throwing melee.
<EOS>
Dracula is the owner and creator.
Where the world s monsters can be safe.
Dracula invites some to celebrate the 118th birthday of his daughter Mavis.
However  Mavis prefers to explore the outside world.
The village is actually an elaborate deception to convince her enough to coax her back.
He directs her to.
However  this charade inadvertently attracts the attention.
Who was exploring the surrounding forest.
Dracula frantically attempts to hide him.
Jonathan enters the hotel.
Eventually  Jonathan is discovered  forcing Dracula to claim.
He is going to arrange Mavis  birthday party.
Jonathan manages to charm everyone at the hotel  especially Mavis.
Eventually  the young man knows something in a respectful manner.
Dracula begins to like the human taking him after the vampire notices.
Unfortunately  Chef Quasimodo Wilson realizes and captures him to cook him  forcing Dracula to directly intervene.
Jonathan is human.
Eventually  the birthday party happens.
It is a raucous success.
Dracula freaks out when Mavis and Jonathan have an innocent kiss.
A ranting Dracula accidentally lets.
It slip that he tricked Mavis.
Mavis is outraged.
Things get worse.
When Chef Quasimodo breaks out and interrupts the party and reveals Jonathan s true nature.
Mavis still accepts and expresses her desire to be.
As the clientele are revolted.
Though he is human.
Jonathan feels obliged to reject Mavis for her father s sake and leaves the hotel.
Afterward  Dracula realizes.
He has broken her heart and now she tearfully wants to stay at the hotel forever.
Wishing to undo his mistake  Dracula persuades his friends to help him find Jonathan and even risks his destruction.
Learning  they race on and enter a town en route.
Jonathan is about to board a flight out shortly.
Dracula and company are stunned to see the humans having a ` Monster Festival.
To clear a path  Frankenstein tries to scare them  but finds and even provide a shaded route to proceed at maximum speed.
The humans are cheerfully welcoming them instead.
However  Dracula finds.
He is too late taking off.
Dracula desperately flies after it in broad daylight despite being hurt by the sun.
Dracula manages to reach the plane and resorts to mind-controlling one of the pilots to apologize and tell Jonathan.
He wants him to return to be.
Jonathan accepts Dracula s apology.
Dracula manipulates the plane back.
Later  Dracula returns Jonathan.
Who tells her that she s his ` zing  and the reason why he had to reject her.
Dracula gives his blessing.
The hotel has another party to celebrate his daughter s liberating coming.
Jonathan and Mavis set off.
The film ends.
<EOS>
One night  Littlefoot sees a strangely blue colored meteor falling and colliding into Threehorn Peak  a volcano in the Smoking Mountain range.
Most disbelieve Littlefoot s story.
When Littlefoot describes it the next morning.
However  two newcomers  the mysterious Rainbow Faces  speak eloquently.
What they know.
The Rainbow Faces suggest.
The rock may be a Stone.
Pterano  the devious  sinister and outcast uncle  overhears the conversation and conspires to use the rock to take control of the Great Valley.
Pterano asks Petrie   and is told.
Who idolizes him.
It has landed.
Littlefoot s friend Ducky overhears Pterano s plan.
Pterano and his cronies  Rinkus and Sierra  abduct her.
She can warn the others.
They take her along.
They set out to find the Stone.
The other dinosaurs discover Ducky s kidnapping.
The adults tell the young ones  Pterano was overconfident and led his followers.
Pterano had been made an outcast due after self-appointing himself leader of a group of dinosaurs.
Searching after an earthquake.
Pterano  a Pteranodon  was able to fly away.
The event left him.
He ended up expelled for abandoning his followers.
Cera and Spike take off.
The adults are slow to reach decision  Littlefoot  Petrie  and their friends.
Who  meanwhile  falls into a cave while running from the flyers.
Ducky comforts Petrie.
They find her.
Who is distraught  by stating that Pterano is the least wicked of the three Flyers  and that the potential for goodness still lives in him.
Meanwhile  Sierra is showing mutionous feelings.
Rinkus convinces him to betray Pterano.
They find the stone.
The young ones pursue the Flyers  hoping to reach the Stone before them.
Aided.
Who suddenly appear and offer their knowledge.
They discover.
The Stone is an ordinary meteorite.
Lamenting  Pterano states.
He had meant to create a paradise  not realizing that this paradise already exists in the form of the Great Valley.
Rinkus and Sierra have now discarded him and are attempting to get the stone to give them power.
The volcano begins to erupt.
Petrie s mother arrives with a friend to evacuate the young dinosaurs  leaving Rinkus and Sierra behind.
Where they are caught.
Pterano is thanked Pterano is exiled from the Great Valley and into the Mysterious Beyond for five years.
Petrie pleads.
However  Pterano explains.
Everyone   must take responsibility for their own actions.
That night  Littlefoot finds the Rainbow Faces and asks them.
When they are leaving.
A meteor flies overhead  and the female comments  Any time now.
Littlefoot  somewhat unnerved  asks the Rainbow Faces.
Whether the Stone is actually real.
The male Rainbow Face admits.
The stone does not exist  but explains that the young ones  effort to search was what really mattered.
The Rainbow Faces reiterate their claim.
There are many unknowns to be discovered.
Littlefoot is momentarily distracted.
He finds a pillar.
When he turns around.
Where the Rainbow Faces stood.
The light disappears.
A light flies before changing its course  flying upward and off into the night.
Littlefoot s friends find him.
Littlefoot  inspired  reflects.
There are many unknowns and that such unknowns make life wonderful.
<EOS>
The story proceeds.
The hero  Dr Gopi  who has had a nervous breakdown  relives his past.
It is the story -- and.
The husband cracks up.
Gopi is the only son  and in strained circumstances  is put through medical college by his rich uncle on the understanding Sumithra.
Gopi marries his daughter.
Gopi   falls with a.
They part company.
When his mother meets the girl and persuades her to give up the betrothed Gopi.
Gopi s marriage takes place.
It is doomed.
They are not made.
Besides Gopi is haunted.
And Gopi  being the introvert  consummates the marriage.
He is.
It were.
<EOS>
Athanael  the third trumpet player  falls asleep listening to the announcer.
Who is doing his best to prove it is the coffee that makes you sleep.
Athanael dreams.
He is an angel and a trumpeter.
He is given the mission of destroying planet 339001 and its troublesome inhabitants by blowing the Last Trumpet at exactly midnight  signaling the end of the world.
He accidentally foils a robbery attempt.
When he is deposited.
Dexter blames Fran and breaks off their relationship.
He misses the deadline.
When Athanael prevents her attempt.
Fortunately  Elizabeth persuades her boss to give him a second chance.
She travels to inform him.
Complications arise.
When two fallen angels named Osidro and Doremus  also guests  recognize Athanael and learn of his assignment.
They want to continue their pleasantly hedonistic life.
Osidro and Doremus hire Dexter to steal the instrument.
Athanael encounters trouble holding by his inexperience with Earthly life.
Learning  Dexter reconciles.
Fran was rescued.
Then   Dexter s henchman Humphrey  steals the trumpet.
She distracts the angel.
Athanael  Elizabeth and her boss track the thieves.
Athanael falls off the building  only to wake up from his dream.
<EOS>
New York City is.
Where gambler Honey Talk Nelson crosses paths.
Nelson has two choices  cement shoes.
Fixing a horse race.
Naturally  Nelson heads Virgil Yokum tagging along.
Once  Nelson falls for the owner of the horse.
Has been chosen.
Virgil has also fallen  with the horse s veterinarian.
Nelson decides and refuses to go along.
Love should prevail.
Meanwhile  an English jockey   is prevented.
Who is to ride the horse.
<EOS>
When Mickey.
The member is accidentally killed in a strip club  the girls.
Who work there have seek murderous retribution.
<EOS>
Cristina alvarez is a sweet young woman  loved at El Platanal  a beautiful property and of strong character.
Whose owner is Severiano Alvarez  her father  who is a man.
Diego Hernandez works there.
He is a strong and handsome-looking criollo.
Who is.
She. 
She also feels.
Later on   he tries to kill her.
When Severiano finds out Cristina is and that they made love.
He spares Cristina.
When she tells him she is pregnant.
Severiano banishes Cristina and Raquela  her servant   to have the baby there.
Little Maria del Carmen comes back to the hacienda as Raquela s daughter.
Years pass.
Cristina   is forced to marry Federico  an ambitious and cruel man.
She acts as Maria del Carmen s godmother.
Federico provokes an accident.
Leaves Cristina blind  in order to have Cristina s fortune.
Federico is happy.
He is a young  handsome  and daring man.
Who has recently completed his studies overseas.
Carlos Manuel falls  without knowing.
She is the lover.
He opposes it and separates Deborah.
When Federico finds out.
Meanwhile  she meets -- the two end up together  provoking hate in Deborah.
Carlos Manuel  Maria del Carmen falls with him.
Who   tries to separate the young couple.
They achieve.
Is the separation.
They are nt able to destroy the love.
Maria del Carmen and Carlos Manuel feel.
Carlos Manuel finally has his teacher  friend  and specialist review Cristina s case of blindness to see.
He can operate.
Dr Angel Luis Robles secretly falls with Cristina and has a great interest in helping Cristina recover her sight again.
The two form a very special friendship and love to Frederico.
Angel Luis does everything  but   Federico kills DrRobles and once again Cristina looses the love of her life.
He can to keep Cristina safe.
When Frederico finds out that Cristina and DrRobles are.
Federico   tries to abuse her.
Cristina does not allow it.
Federico after being forced to flee Villahermosa  returns after some time to find Cristina.
He pulls a gun.
Raquela guns him down.
As he tries to kill her.
Carlos Manuel and Maria del Carmen get married and finally have the peace.
They need.
<EOS>
A young African-American man rises to the world of high finance of Wall Street.
He soon learns.
The white-collar world is filled.
<EOS>
Daniel LaRusso  a high school senior  moves to Reseda  a neighborhood in the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles  California.
Their apartment s handyman is an eccentric but kindly and humble Okinawan immigrant named Mr Miyagi.
Daniel befriends Ali Mills  an attractive high school cheerleader.
Johnny is the best student.
Where he is taught an unethical  vicious form.
Daniel knows a little karate at the YMCA.
Johnny easily defeats him.
Thereafter  Johnny and his gang torment Daniel at every opportunity.
He intervenes and single-handedly defeats all five boys.
When Miyagi witnesses the gang giving Daniel a savage beating.
Awed  Daniel asks Miyagi to be his teacher.
Miyagi refuses  but agrees to go to the Cobra Kai dojo.
Order to resolve the conflict.
They confront the sensei  John Kreese  an ex-Special Forces Vietnam Veteran.
Who sneers.
Kreese and Miyagi agree in two months  time at the All Valley Karate Tournament.
Where the Cobra Kai students can fight Daniel.
Miyagi also requests.
The bullying stop while Daniel trains.
Kreese orders.
Miyagi himself will also become a target.
Miyagi becomes Daniel s teacher and  slowly  a surrogate father figure.
He begins Daniel s training.
Each chore is accompanied.
Daniel fails to see any connection from these hard chores and eventually feels frustrated  believing.
He has learned nothing.
Miyagi reveals.
When he expresses his frustration.
Daniel has been learning defensive blocks.
His bond becomes closer.
Daniel s training continues more overtly.
He learns.
Miyagi lost his wife and son at Manzanar internment camp while he was serving overseas with the United States Army during World War II.
The loss and Daniel s loss of his father further strengthens the father-son surrogacy.
Daniel also discovers.
The outwardly peaceful and serene Miyagi was a recipient.
Daniel learns not only karate but also important life lessons such as the importance of balance  reflected by the belief.
Martial arts training is as much.
Daniel applies the life lessons.
Miyagi has taught him to strengthen his relationship.
Daniel surprises everyone by reaching the.
Johnny advances  scoring three unanswered points against a highly skilled opponent.
Kreese instructs Bobby Brown  one and the least vicious of Daniel s tormentors  to disable Daniel with an illegal attack to the knee.
Bobby reluctantly does so  severely injuring Daniel and getting disqualified.
Bobby profusely apologizes.
Daniel writhes.
He is pulled away.
Daniel is taken and checked out  with the physician determining.
He can not continue.
Daniel believes.
Miyagi assures him he has already proven himself.
If he does not continue  his tormentors will have gotten the best.
He persuades Miyagi to use a pain suppression technique to allow him to finish the tournament.
Daniel hobbles.
Johnny is about to be declared the winner.
The Championship match is a seesaw battle.
Neither Johnny nor Daniel is able to break through either s defenses.
Daniel succeeds in a scissor leg technique tripping Johnny and delivers a blow to the back of the head  giving Johnny a nose bleed.
The match is paused to be looked at by Kreese.
Kreese directs Johnny.
Johnny looks horrified but reluctantly agrees after Kreese s intimidation.
Daniel gets up each time.
Daniel and Johnny are tied  with the next point deciding victory.
Daniel  barely able to stand  assumes the Crane stance  a technique.
He observed Miyagi performing during his training.
The referee signals to begin.
Johnny lunges in.
Daniel jumps and delivers a front kick  winning the tournament.
Johnny  having gained newfound respect  takes Daniel s trophy from the Master of Ceremonies and presents it to Daniel himself  sincerely proclaiming.
You re all right  LaRusso.
<EOS>
Set  the story is about a Witchfinder and his young apprentice.
The two travel the countryside  terrorising people suspected.
His apprentice rebels.
When the Witchfinder goes too far.
<EOS>
Stanley White is a decorated police captain and Vietnam War veteran assigned.
Where he makes it his personal mission to come down hard.
White comes with Joey Tai  a young man.
Who ruthlessly rises to become the head  and as a result of his ambition  creates a high profile both for himself and the triads  activities.
Together  they end the uneasy truce.
Has existed.
As they conduct a personal war.
The married captain also becomes romantically involved.
Who comes from the criminals.
Does White s long-suffering wife.
This makes him even more determined to destroy the triads  and especially Joey Tai.
<EOS>
The film exhibits a series from Sub-Saharan Africa.
The images are frequently set and cut to the music s pace.
The narrator focuses  and discusses the perception of African sculptures from a historical and contemporary European perspective.
Only occasionally does the film provide the geographical origin  time period or other contextual information.
The idea is explained as a statue.
Has lost its original significance and become reduced  similarly to a dead person who can be found in history books.
Interweaved are a few scenes of Africans performing traditional music and dances  as well as the death of a disemboweled gorilla.
The modern commercialisation of African culture is problematised.
The film argues.
Colonial presence has compelled African art to lose much  in order to appeal to Western consumers.
A mention is made.
African currencies previously had been replaced.
The film comments on the position of black Africans themselves in contemporary Europe and North America.
Footage is seen.
A jazz drummer intercut from a confrontation between police and labour demonstrators.
Lastly the narrator argues.
We should regard African and European art history.
<EOS>
Blair plays Shawn  a suicidal loan officer.
She is having an affair   after discovering  she goes to the roof to kill herself.
Who is married.
His wife is pregnant.
Bank robbers hijack an armored car.
One takes Shawn hostage.
When the police arrive to break up the robbery.
They make a deal  she will help him escape.
He promises to kill her afterwards.
The bank vice-president was a collaborator in the robbery but is arrested.
The film begins.
When Shawn and Charlie jump.
When Charlie and Shawn are hiding out.
Two detectives  young Agent Reed  played.
The older Agent McGinley  played  are trying to solve the case.
McGinley s wife keeps calling.
Reed is extremely knowledgeable.
His sister killed herself.
Two robbers  young Billy  played.
Thompson is expecting to die  either.
<EOS>
Cal Warner is a rookie police officer  the soul enters into the body of Cal.
Who has frightening nightmares after his friend and fellow police officer  Des Flynn  is killed.
Order to seek revenge.
Cal is unaware.
What is happening and needs the help.
When he starts exhibiting unusual behavior.
These nightmares lead Cal to uncover evidence and even murder within the police department.
Sarah Flynn portrays the wife.
<EOS>
Set  a female doctor returns to her birth town in the Blue Ridge Mountains.
She had spent a certain period.
She now has the intention.
She had learned modern medical techniques.
She becomes the rival.
Who is not pleased.
<EOS>
Hemaidah is a farmer.
Who hates country life.
He hates working and taking care of the animals in his farm.
He marries Zebeidah  a woman.
Unsatisfied. 
He is determined to leave the village  move and live.
He plans and asks his brother to look after his farm and family.
Hemaidah falls in the hands of a gang  headed by a ruthless gangster.
Not wishing to risk his life  he is forced to work and help them in their crimes.
He is introduced.
One day the police arrest the gang.
Hemaidah spends his time to his village after his release  regretting.
He had left it.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Where the exiled Americans Sinatra and his son Paul own a brothel.
Paul is a compulsive gambler addicted.
Sinatra is married.
Whom he has a son.
A Russian client is killed in their establishment  leaving behind a suitcase filled with drugs.
They have scheduled a negotiation to sell the contents to African buyers.
Having sex named Nazda.
Sinatra makes a deal with the Nigerian dishwasher of the brothel  Wemba.
Wemba is to travel  taking the place of the go-between  and make the sale to the drug dealers.
Wemba would receive a large amount of money.
Wemba accepts.
He is attacked and is knocked unconscious.
Returning. 
His lack starts a chain-reaction of misunderstandings.
Lead. 
<EOS>
Acting  Takuro Yamashita returns home early one night to find his wife in bed with another man.
He kills her and then turns himself.
He opens a barber shop.
He helps save Keiko Hattori.
Which she works.
It becomes clear.
Keiko has romantic affections.
His reciprocation is directed.
<EOS>
Priscilla is a college freshman girl.
Guards until marriage.
She inadvertently gets drunk and is filmed topless by Chicks Go Crazy.
She and her friends must travel to recover the incriminating footage.
Her actions are caught on camera.
<EOS>
Innocent people are being brutally murdered by a uniformed police officer.
Detective Frank McCrae heads the investigation.
The death toll rises.
Jack Forrest  a young cop  finds himself.
He and his girlfriend Theresa  along then set out to solve the mystery.
The Maniac Cop strikes again.
<EOS>
He becomes interested landing in an area known as Winnerden Flats.
Quatermass struggles to gain Government support for the colonisation of the Moon.
Travelling  Marsh  Quatermass is astounded to find a huge complex under construction  apparently based on his plans for a Moon colony.
Marsh finds one.
Cracks open leaving him injured.
Armed guards   arrive and take Marsh away.
Who are sporting similar V-shaped marks.
Quatermass is knocked down and ordered away.
Trying to discover and  Quatermass contacts Inspector Lomax  the police officer.
What is going on.
What has happened.
Who assisted him.
Lomax puts him.
Who has been trying to uncover the veil surrounding Winnerden Flats.
Quatermass joins Broadhead.
He is told  has been built to manufacture artificial food.
Slipping away  Broadhead attempts to get inside one of the large domes.
Dominate the plant s skyline.
Quatermass finds him dying  covered.
Shot.
He exits the plant  Quatermass returns  explaining that he believes that plant is indeed making food.
Instead its purpose is to provide a suitable environment.
Are. 
Lomax attempts to alert his superiors.
He notices.
When he meets the Commissioner.
He too is sporting the V-shaped mark.
The aliens have taken control.
Quatermass and Lomax turn.
Hall is sceptical and asks to visit Winnerden Flats himself.
They visit the local community centre.
Where they receive a hostile reception.
However  the mood changes.
When one crashes through the roof of the building and injures barmaid Sheila.
Armed guards.
When he telephones the press.
The villagers form a mob and march.
Rushing the gates  Quatermass  Lomax and the villagers barricade themselves.
Realising  Quatermass sabotages their life support system  pumping oxygen.
The Earth s atmosphere must be poisonous.
Simultaneously  Quatermass  assistant  Brand sacrifices his life to launch the Quatermass 2 rocket.
They believe the aliens are using to stage their invasion.
The creatures can combine to create 150-foot tall monsters and run amok.
Burst. 
The rocket strikes the asteroid  destroying it.
Their base gone  the giant creatures die.
The V-shaped marks disappear  leaving them with no memory of having been under alien control.
Once again Quatermass has saved the Earth.
<EOS>
Pedley  retiring  ca nt understand.
He has nt yet been knighted.
He devises an elaborate heist  recruiting Mike Warden  a writer from America.
His real aim is to capture the elusive General Ferranti.
Warden travels to assume control of the scheme along with Pedley s accomplice Sylvia Giroux.
Whom he soon falls.
They are arrested.
Pedley comes.
<EOS>
His two sons Danny and Billy aid bank robber Fraser and his gang.
Cahill is away.
He and Comanche Lightfoot pursue the gang.
When Cahill returns.
<EOS>
Colleen Lapidowitz falls with an Irish police officer named Patrick Sweeney.
Is a relief who have tried to discourage her interest in a sleazy lounge lizard named Stuart Gold.
<EOS>
Lonesome and medicament addict narcotics detective Herbert Strahl   wants to clean up the.
Who hardly can handle his own life.
Strahl often watches Berisha  the head  leaving his limousine and entering a dubious building.
He is nt able to arrest him.
Strahl   has arguments.
Who hides his depression and craving behind rage  clamor and stimulant drugs.
G. 
Who is rather dull and often visits brothels.
Strahl thinks  the new blood was too calm and not tough enough.
When Beat  a former member  joins the team.
A junkie named.
Rene Wehrli falls out.
Strahl gets suspended.
Moreover  Rene and his girlfiriend Carol Caro Hertig blackmail Strahl.
The drug addict couple buys a lot.
Strahl has to pay -LRB- Rene also fills out a.
Rene does nt want to take back his inculpatory statement - Rene demands a huge amount of heroin from Strahl.
Strahl catches the dealer Beko   and presses.
Who is related.
Him to cooperate.
Beko shows a lot to Strahl.
Strahl uses a part.
Rene  Caro and Strahl drive.
Where Rene wants to deny his statements  while the others wait in the car.
Rene stays in.
Strahl gets curious about.
What happened.
He goes and finds Rene dead in the restrooms.
Strahl and Caro smoke drugs at Strahl s.
Suddenly  the police enter the flat and find the heroin.
The delinquents are escorted away.
Strahl manages to open Caro s door to let her escape.
He had given a roll to Caro.
Rene entered the police station.
It contained a 120  000 CHF winning.
Caro   now wants to encash the ticket as fast as possible.
But the kiosk-woman is nt allowed to pay out such a high amount.
So Caro asks Beko.
He knew someone  who could exchange the ticket within an hour.
The mafia agrees.
The parties meet.
The situation escalates and Caro throws a handgrenade.
The grenade does nt go off.
Finally Strahl succeeds.
<EOS>
Jake is killed.
The Muss Heke is now fighting to save his son Sonny after his eldest son  Nig.
Jake goes.
He tries to restore his family after his anger and drinking tore them apart.
He still has trouble accepting the old traditional ways.
He begins to realise the importance.
What his former actions have done.
Towards the end  Jake does his best to reconcile with his family  even going so far as to save his son s life despite great personal risk to himself.
This action  along  serve to highlight Jake s changing characteristics.
<EOS>
Police have been vainly searching the countryside.
Who has been.
The Maniac s victims are each found.
People wonder.
The wealthy uncle is mysteriously murdered.
The Maniac is responsible.
The young scientist in question  Dr Arthur Hornsby  claimed to have developed a method of living without oxygen for extended periods.
To prove his theory  he had himself buried.
The death of his uncle leaves a vast fortune.
Is to be divided.
Them dies  the inheritance is split among the remaining survivors.
Subsequently  members begin to die .
Suspicion is cast  including the mystic butler.
We discover.
Dr Hornsby faked his burial and was using it.
His plan was to kill any other heirs.
That he may obtain sole possession.
He is eventually discovered and seemingly killed.
He comes back to life and claims.
He will haunt the audience if they reveal the plot twist.
<EOS>
The story is narrated.
Diane Weston  the popular head cheerleader  becomes pregnant by the star football quarterback Jack Bartlett.
The two move out.
Jack initially has problems staying  but finally gets hired at a video rental store.
Jack and Diane try as hard.
They can to survive while going at the same time.
Lisa  Diane s bitter rival  occasionally runs at the rental store.
She is interested  but fails to get his attention.
Diane and her four cheerleader squadmates  Kansas  Cleo  Lucy  and Hannah  plan the perfect bank robbery.
They promise each other not to tell Jack  to lie to others.
The squad watches heist films to learn.
To rob banks.
Kansas visits her mother  for tips on.
Where to find weaponry.
Diane and her friends visit a bug exterminator  The Terminator.
Who sells illegal arms and ammo.
He refuses to sell them the guns.
They accept his daughter  Fern.
The squad agrees to do so.
They begin rehearsing the robbery  as well as their choreography.
They order masks to hide their identities.
Lucy backs out.
She receives a scholarship.
Diane receives an engagement ring from Jack.
She then finds out.
He sold his GTO in order to buy her the ring.
The squad is forced to buy a new get-away vehicle.
Turns out to be an old van.
Lucy returns to the group having decided to help them after all.
Lisa happens to be.
They perform cheerleader stunts in order to cover up the security cameras.
The squad robs the bank and come close discharges.
They make off and celebrate their success after burning their Betty costumes.
The robbery is reported.
Neither Diane nor her friends expect Lisa to suspect them.
They are confronted  followed by the FBI.
Diane and her friends are jailed and need an alibi  so Diane promises to promote Lisa.
Order to keep Lisa silent.
She is approaching her third trimester and ca nt do rigorous activity.
The group is outraged  but come to appreciate this decision.
Diane tells Jack.
Order to cover up her actions.
Jack wins his senatorial campaign.
They have their children.
Diane s squad lead successful lives.
<EOS>
Jakub is a daydreamer and is still living with his father.
The father is tired and throws him out of the flat.
He tells Jakub to sell the old garden and to buy his own flat.
Jakub retires.
The garden turns out to be a magical place.
Jakub stumbles.
Is written.
He finds a map leading him ago.
Now curious Jakub must solve the mysteries.
He meets.
Helena  a young girl Jakub s grandfather taught to also write backwards.
Strange things happen.
Some do indeed seem like miracles.
Young Helena teaches Jakub to appreciate the delicate mysteries of life.
Jakub loses all his possessions but finds his peace.
<EOS>
It s a spy films parody  specially James Bond movies.
Main hero - Cyril Juan Borguette alias.
W4C is superspy.
Equipped - Alarm clock is.
He sent.
There is saltbox.
Agent mus play.
And on his steps is going accountant Foustka.
<EOS>
Abhi is a cool guy.
Who is good.
Bhanu s family approaches Abhi s Family.
There is hatred between Abhi and Bhanu.
Then they start to know each other.
Abhi is a Hindu  Bhanu s father does not agree.
He eventually comes.
Abhi does not agree.
They start to fight with each other.
Bhanu comes to stop them and tells.
He s her father.
Bhanu s Father vacates the house.
They all leave.
Bhanu s father.
Abhi goes in search of Bhanu in Hubli.
Somehow Abhi manages to talk.
Their family does not know that he was the lover.
Abhi and Bhanu hug  then they will come to know.
Those two were lovers.
The old lady advises Abhi to leave the house immediately.
The men will be coming from mosque after the prayer.
But Abhi asks.
Should he be scared  the old lady tells him that they will try to kill you.
Abhi asks.
And the old lady says that ask your mother.
Abhi goes to Bangalore and ask his mother.
What that old lady told.
Abhi s mother tells him a flash back story.
She will also reveal.
She was his real mother.
Bhanu also will hear the same story.
Bhanu decides to give up her love for her family s sake.
She leaves Hubli and goes to Bangalore to tell this.
Abhi also agrees.
But Bhanu s father thinks.
He tries to kill Abhi.
Then there will be fight and Bhanu s father.
The old lady advices Bhanu s father to stop his cruelty.
He realizes his mistake and allows Bhanu to marry Abhi.
<EOS>
A failed space defense system caused millions to die.
The wealthy started.
Cities run  whereas the poor roamed the radioactive deserts formed by the nuclear bombs.
The radioactive damage caused many people to turn.
A group called.
The Muties were the victims.
In Kansas  City  Rudolph Kenner is in a hotel/casino/strip bar.
When he receives a message notifying him of the loss of a zirconium mine on Mars to rebel forces.
He is reminded to complete his mission and to take care.
The next morning  Kenner  Phil  and Phil s new girlfriend  Sheila  head east.
Was once was the Atlantic seaboard.
Kenner finds.
A Mutie stuck and returns her to a Mutie colony.
However  a band attacks the colony  kills Phil  and captures Kenner and Sheila.
Kenner is taken.
There he encounters the Bishop  the leader.
Who knows Kenner s intentions and plans to have him die.
However  Kenner manages to escape the base in one of the bandits  car.
Later  Kenner explains about his mission.
He was hired to take radioactivity readings to determine the feasibility.
Apparently  this precious mineral is important from a parallel universe.
Who transforms planets.
To thwart the aliens  scientists developed a zirconium bomb.
They used to destroy an alien starship.
Kenner says.
His mission is to help acquire more zirconium to protect the planet.
She explains.
When Kenner asks.
Her parents were eaten.
Eventually  Kenner and the Muties make their way back.
Is soon attacked.
However  Kenner designs a plan.
Where he sits and draws the bandits into the Mutie shelter.
The Muties hijack the bandits  vehicles.
This happens.
Kenner escapes.
The Muties demolish their shelter  sealing the fate.
They capture Elijah  a peculiar stranger.
Who was helping the bandits and who Kenner encountered earlier.
The Mutie spiritual leader  Uncle Lazarus  puts Kenner and reveals.
Kenner is part.
Later   Uncle Lazarus privately kills himself.
Initially  Kenner is reluctant as the Muties  leader but soon adapts to his new role.
The Bishop checks.
Kenner pretends and decides to take the hijacked convoy to the Colosseum disguised as the patrol group.
He is a bandit.
He gets insight ahead.
Later  Kenner and Grace talk.
A bit comes from.
The two eventually make love.
The band arrive at the Colosseum.
The terrified Elijah runs out and is shot by bandits.
A firefight ensues.
Kenner discovers Sheila along and goes to find the Bishop.
Led  the Muties enter an arena.
Where they are ambushed.
They finally make their way.
Where it is revealed that he is actually a corrupted Mutie.
The Bishop escapes.
Kenner writes a letter to the president of the company.
He found his true self.
Kenner admits  so they would have to buy zirconium from the resident Muties.
He intentionally misstated that the conditions in Oblivion are too radioactive to mine.
Grace tells Kenner.
She does not feel.
Kenner agrees.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Modern-day secular India is held by international extortionist Baba Sikander and his brothers  Aftab and Sameer.
They begin   they are killed.
When their victims refuse to pay.
One s now being threatened is Kantilal Shah  a rich businessman  the family business  much to the chagrin of his daughter  Anjali.
Who adopted a canteen boy  gave him his family name  Karan Shah  and gave him the responsibility.
His father s life is.
His father agrees.
Then five days later  a day  Kantilal is gunned down in the elevator along with four of his bodyguards.
Anjali openly renounces Karan and asks him not to participate.
A shocked and devastated Karan announces.
He will apprehend and bring him  no matter where he had to look.
However   Italy  does not have an extradition treaty.
When he finds out that the country that Baba is holed up.
He then recruits some mercenaries to go and bring Baba back.
The first man is former police inspector Arjun Srivastav  a former cop.
He chooses.
Who located and killed his then pregnant wife s assailant and now lives as a single parent with his school-going daughter.
Arjun recommends.
The second man involved be Abhimanyu  who is currently and had been Baba s chauffeur and hitman before being framed by Baba and his associates following a failed job.
The trio then go.
Where Baba is said to be.
There  Abhimanyu meets his girlfriend Sonia and tries backing out  by betraying Arjun and Karan and escaping to a far off place.
Both he and Sonia are kidnapped.
He can do so.
Priya  a press reporter.
Who was looking to what Karan would to to avenge his father s death.
There  using a satellite tracker  tells them about Abhimanyu s deceit.
The three go to rescue Abhimanyu and Sonia  in a lengthy gunfight and chase sequence.
Karan and Arjun are angry  however the latter apologizes and agrees to help them in return for their saving his life.
The five then go and apprehend Salim  a close friend.
He divulges.
Baba is.
Abhimanyu then shoots him.
Had got him arrested.
Karan finds Baba and tells him  he made.
He will keep his word.
When his father had died.
The five become good friends.
They are fooled and are then surrounded.
When they go to catch him red handed.
A lengthy gunfight follows  of which  Arjun dies.
Getting. 
This greatly devastates Karan.
Who feels that bringing the others was a big mistake.
However he takes a final stand.
The others motivate him not to give up the fight.
Karan and Abhimanyu  now go to apprehend Baba.
He leaves the country.
Sonia and Priya alert the French Border Police.
France has an extradition treaty.
Many of Baba s most trusted aides are killed.
Finally  Baba is left alone and stranded from shooting him  reasoning had to end.
The terror Baba inspired.
This would thus end Baba s life.
Baba is sent  sentenced to death and hanged.
Karan becomes a national hero and also marries Priya.
They adopt Arjun s daughter  Ayesha.
Abhimanyu and Sonia also get married and settle down.
And everything gets well.
<EOS>
Two high school seniors go on a date.
He begins to fall.
When she resists his amorous advances and decides they should get married immediately.
Both sets object to the sudden nature of the proposal.
He talks her.
They finally decide.
It is best to wait until they are older.
<EOS>
The film narrates the story.
Who rises to riches  by unfair means like charging commission from creditors for recovering their loans.
Advised by his parents and friends.
All is money and thinks.
He treats as important.
There is nothing he can not achieve.
Saying so  he walks out.
Is the subject.
What kind he and his like-minded friends face.
These friends work.
Obviously they are.
` Mirchi  - a girl her  lives with Ram and half a dozen members of the dandha.
Of whom are girls.
Most show their wayward behavior and carefree life.
Their solutions too are strange.
Ten others too rape her - the leader orders.
When a girl is gang raped - as the young man pretending love for her takes her.
The one who pretended love.
This will be a punishment.
He feels.
It would make him suffer as he would recall every day what he had done.
There are many such other strange punishments.
But not always do.
The members display this kind of social consciousness and sense of justice.
They charge huge sums.
Even the police department and its high officials are.
A rival gang starts functioning.
They await a chance to wipe off this gang.
They get the chance.
When Viswam falls with a girl.
He is the son.
The father to get him released  runs to post only to learn in the end.
When the police arrest Viswam.
How bad his son is  and how he extracts money.
He is a disappointed man and dies.
The commissioner  also a student of the teacher  helps his son s release.
This begins the destruction.
He works.
This kind would never be acceptable to society.
The film s theme and narration are peculiar.
It looks a bit eccentric.
The screenplay is quite confusing.
There is a method in this madness.
Everything moves back and forth.
The scenes are littered.
All are new faces.
You do nt know.
Who is who.
Director Ram plays the crucial role.
He displays tremendous ease in his performance.
Free verse is used.
Starts and ends with his last statement on a paper before he breathes his last.
However gets an impression.
This is not a film simply to be brushed off.
The mode though sounds peculiar and at times focused on women  wine and wealth has a message.
Those could also return.
Who could go.
This is the message.
These young artistes - boys and girls - look talented.
Novices. 
So are the music director and the other technicians.
The title  though  is a misnomer.
<EOS>
A national TV network is getting into the next phase of programming.
Is ` Reality TV  so they decide to go.
Channel asks their blue-eyed guy to produce the show.
Asmi Ganatra  the first time director  and her team finds out.
The only family in Mumbai that meets the programming brief is Joshi s.
Joshi s are stunned.
When Asmi visits them.
Family s Mafia  consisting plays the card of family s pride  they Veto down the proposal.
Asmi has discovered.
Manoj Joshi  bride s youngest uncle  has fallen.
Knowing very well  she lures him.
Her career would be blocked if she is unable to pull off the deal.
Where a multi camera set-up is secretly installed.
Manoj realizes.
He has opened a Pandora box.
Unaware behaves true to themselves.
Slowly skeletons start tumbling out.
The privacy gets.
Invaded comes out in open and gives the Channel all sorts of maal masala to increase their TRP Ratings.
<EOS>
Jane Hardy arrives to stay in an old house left to her by a late aunt.
Jane learns secrets.
Her aunt kept in life  but that were well-known by the townspeople.
Jane s aunt had been a devil worshipper.
The hearse carrying her body crashed  but no sign were ever found.
Her death.
The house inherited by Jane has been haunted by evil spirits.
The rural road has been haunted by the hearse.
Crashed. 
Jane attempts to leave Blackford to avoid being drawn  but finds.
These stories come to light.
Herself pursued by spirits.
<EOS>
Lance Barton is a struggling comedian.
Who is quite funny and confident  but is unable to bring his talent across in front of an audience.
He hears about an opportunity from his manager  Whitney Daniels  at the Apollo Theater.
Is having a goodbye show due.
He is hoping to get a chance to prove himself.
When Lance is distracted by Sontee Jenkins.
Not paying attention  he is hit and is instantly killed.
Lance is brought up to Heaven.
Where he meets the angels  King and Keyes who reveal that Lance has died  and can help Lance return to Earth.
Lance and King then start searching.
They find.
Charles Wellington III  an extremely rich businessman freshly drowned by his wife and assistant  Winston Sklar.
Lance wants nothing to do  demanding Charles  presence.
He discovers that Sontee  the girl he saw when he was Lance  is protesting Charles.
Lance sees this.
He is reluctant to permanently be Charles.
Accordingly  he makes a deal to loan Charles  body.
A more suitable body is found.
Charles returns from death  but with the witty soul of Lance Barton inside him.
Only he and the angels can see him.
Everybody else sees him.
Very unpopular  the public and those closest to Charles start to notice a change in his personality.
He transforms into a homely philanthropist.
He continues to follow his comedy dreams through Charles  contacting his old manager Whitney and convincing him.
He is Lance reincarnated.
He gets Sontee to fall in love with him.
All too soon  Charles  wife and Sklar s plans him succeed.
He is shot and killed.
Fulfilling the deal  King and Keys then send Lance to return yet again as Joe Guy  a great comedian and more acceptable candidate.
Lance and King set up earlier.
Who will die.
Joe returns  now with Lance s soul.
King and Keyes.
They inform him.
He will not remember them  Lance  Charles or Sontee.
He no longer remembers the previous events or his previous lives.
Said  after the angels leave.
He still has the characteristics.
Though he has lost his memory.
He reconnects with Whitney again and proceeds in getting Sontee to fall in love with him all over again  after meeting her in the theater for the first time as Joe Guy.
<EOS>
The film begins by Dr John Markway.
Hill House was constructed.
She died.
She approached the house.
Crain remarried.
His second wife died.
Crain s daughter  Abigail  lived.
She died calling.
The companion inherited the house  but hung herself.
Mrs Sannerson inherited Hill House.
It has stood empty.
The voiceover ends.
Dr Markway is investigating paranormal activity.
He wins permission to occupy the house  but must take Luke Sannerson with him.
Markway chooses two individuals to accompany him.
One is the psychic  Theodora.
Who is also known.
The other is meek Eleanor Nell Lance.
Eleanor spent her adult life caring.
Her recent death left Eleanor feeling severe guilt.
Two caretakers -- Mr Dudley and his wife -- care.
The large  maze-like mansion contains few right angles  perspective is off.
Doors open and close.
The house has a library and a conservatory with some eerie statues.
Eleanor feels at home by it.
That night  Eleanor and Theo are terrified.
Supernatural forces bang loudly on the door as if trying to gain entry.
The team explores Hill House the next day  discovering a cold spot and encountering other supernatural phenomena.
Dr Markway reveals more.
Have allegedly occurred.
The team discovers.
The words HELP ELEANOR COME HOME.
Eleanor becomes mentally unstable.
Something grips Eleanor s hand tightly.
The following day  Mrs Grace Markway arrives to warn her husband.
A reporter has learned.
The doctor is concerned.
When his wife announces that she plans to join the group.
She demands a bed despite her husband s protests.
It is unsafe.
That night  Grace Markway disappears.
Eleanor s mental instability worsens.
She falls further.
She goes.
Where she climbs the metal spiral staircase.
Grace Markway appears unexpectedly from a trapdoor at the top of the staircase.
Eleanor almost falls.
Dr Markway climbs the unstable staircase and rescues her.
Dr can not be found.
Markway  Luke  and Theo become frightened as Eleanor becomes separated.
Dr Markway insists.
When they locate Eleanor.
She leave Hill House.
He asks Luke to drive her away but.
Luke can get Eleanor drives off without him.
Something takes control.
She speeds down the road.
The car starts driving erratically.
Eleanor pleads to stop.
She trys to drive the car.
Suddenly  Grace Markway steps out and appears in front of Eleanor s car.
Eleanor swerves to miss her  hits a tree  and dies.
Dr Markway asserts.
When Dr Markway  Luke and Theo arrive.
Something was.
He notes.
The tree that claimed Eleanor s life was the same one that killed the first Mrs Crain.
The doctor says  I m sure.
There was something.
Call it.
Hill House is haunted.
Luke remarks.
The members look back at the ominous abode.
The ground sowed.
The final words are a narrative by Eleanor  Hill House has stood for 90 years and might stand for 90 more.
Walls continue upright  bricks meet  floors are firm.
Doors are sensibly shut.
Silence lies steadily.
And we walk alone.
Who walk here.
<EOS>
A contemporary psychological thriller involved.
Which a young British couple travelling become.
Whose motive becomes increasingly suspect and sinister.
The film opens.
Where he meets Taylor.
Alex awakens with Taylor standing over him with a Polaroid camera  snapping a photo of Alex with a girl.
He had met that night.
Taylor learns.
Alex is travelling to meet up with his girlfriend  Sophie  and suggest they travel together.
Alex and Taylor appear to get along well and soon arrive.
She is travelling.
When Alex and Taylor meet up.
The four soon decide to travel together  headed towards Katherine Gorge in the Northern Territory.
Ingrid mysteriously disappears.
The following day as they are preparing to leave Byron Bay.
He shrugs off her concern.
When Sophie quizzes Taylor.
Taylor  Alex and Sophie set off.
<EOS>
Charlie Babbitt  a narcissistic Los Angeles car dealer  is in the middle of importing four grey market Lamborghinis.
The deal is being threatened.
He will lose a significant amount.
Charlie can not meet its requirements.
Charlie leaves for a weekend trip to Palm Springs with his girlfriend  Susanna.
Charlie s trip is cancelled.
His estranged father  Sanford Babbitt  has died.
Charlie travels  to settle the estate.
Several prize rose bushes.
Eventually he learns.
The money is being directed.
This leads Charlie to ask the question.
Permeates the movie  Why did nt somebody tell me I had a brother.
He is frightened to strict routines.
When he is.
Numbed.
He has a brother.
What he believes.
What becomes a cross-country car trip back to meet with his attorneys.
Charlie intends to start a custody battle.
Order to get Raymond s doctor  Dr Gerald R.
Bruner.
That the mental institution can maintain custody.
Susanna  disgusted at using his brother as a pawn to gain the money  leaves Charlie in Cincinnati and disappears.
Charlie learns about Raymond s autism  - resulting in his frequent frustration with his brother s antics.
He initially believes is not authentic.
He also learns.
His brother came to be separated  as a result of an accident when he was left alone with Charlie when Charlie was a baby.
Raymond also sings I Saw Her Standing There.
He did when Charlie was young  prompting Charlie to realize that Raymond is the protective figure.
Charlie proves to be sometimes shallow and exploitative.
When he learns that Raymond has an excellent memory and takes him.
However.
Charlie finds himself becoming protective  and grows to love him truly.
Charlie finally meets  but then decides.
He no longer cares and really just wants to have custody of his brother.
However.
Who is also a friend and is left in charge of that money.
What he wants.
Eventually  the psychiatrist presses Raymond to make the decision  upsetting him and leading Charlie to request.
The doctor back off.
Raymond is allowed to go back home.
Charlie   promises Raymond an Amtrak train.
Who has gained a new brother and mellowed considerably.
He will visit.
<EOS>
Jamie Grover is an only child.
Who dislikes the constant attention her parents give her.
Her wish is finally granted.
When her mother becomes pregnant.
Jamie s life changes dramatically.
When her mother gives birth.
She discovers.
She might not want the same things her parents want.
Nonetheless  her parents focus all.
But know.
When one gets terribly ill she discovers that she really does nt mind the babies  and that she does have the courage to let her parents.
She has dreams.
Jamie attempts to fool the audience.
She addresses the audience  makes an absurd statement  then usually laughs and says.
It is untrue.
She explains herself.
She is attempting to ensure that people are paying attention.
Examples include   she showed.
The camera follows her.
One block was The Statue Of Liberty  which was nt really there.
She described her school  with a man breathing fire  a clown for a math teacher  balloons and confetti all around the gym  etc.
However  she admitted.
It was.
They tell Jamie to have fun and relax.
When her parents are deciding the future jobs.
However  her father told her.
It is more important that they stick to The Plan.
Her parents came.
And more confetti fell as her teacher told her that she got a A.
However  they did nt show up.
They did nt seem to care and said.
When she told her parents her art was fair.
They were never happy.
That was another lie.
She had the governor s driver take her  Zoe and Brad.
They actually went.
She walked.
Her quint-art won the art fair.
Money fell all over.
The song Money All was sung.
This did nt happen.
Instead  it suddenly reversed -LSB-  the real events then were shown.
She said.
Her mom was now pregnant.
Jamie was sad.
She then said  have nt I taught you anything.
<EOS>
Early  hijackers Ahmed al-Nami and Ahmed al-Haznawi are praying in their hotel room  United 93 s skyjacking ringleader Ziad Jarrah reading the Quran  and Saeed al-Ghamdi shaving.
The four then leave.
The crew and passengers board United Airlines Flight.
Flight 93 is delayed for 41 minutes because of the high volume of traffic.
The three other soon to be hijacked flights  American Airlines Flight 11  United Airlines Flight 175  and American Airlines Flight 77 take off.
Air traffic controllers monitoring all current flights determine.
American Airlines Flight 11  a Boeing 767 has taken a turn toward New York City.
Flight 11 crashes into the North Tower of the World Trade Center.
The air traffic controllers do not immediately realize what has happened.
About 20 minutes earlier  a tape recording was made.
We have some planes.
You ll be okay.
We are returning.
Meanwhile  United Airlines Flight 175  another Boeing 767  also  is also hijacked  and begins to descend and turn toward New York City as well.
Air traffic controllers then realize.
They are dealing.
American Airlines Flight 77  a Boeing 757 is also hijacked.
The air traffic controllers and Air Force watch.
Flight 175 crashes on live television  reported by CNN.
United Airlines Flight 93 reaches its cruising altitude.
Flight 175 crashes.
The pilots receive a message  Beware cockpit intrusion.
Two a/c hit WTC.
The terrorists argue about.
When to begin their operation.
The other three hijackers wrestle their way into the cockpit  holding off the flight attendants  herding the passengers to the back of the plane  and then killing the pilots Jason Dahl  and LeRoy Homer  Jr.
Ahmed al-Haznawi assembles a fake bomb.
The hijacker Ziad Jarrah tries to tell the passengers to Keep remaining -LSB- sic -RSB- sitting  we have a bomb.
So sit.
He accidentally transmits this and another message.
He realises later.
Flight 93 turns.
C.
Airspace and ground every flight.
Ben Sliney ultimately decides to shut down all.
Flight 77 has crashed into the Pentagon.
The passengers begin making phone calls to family through the on-board GTE Airfone system.
Planes have crashed.
If they do nothing they will also die  and eventually elect to storm the cockpit and retake the plane using whatever makeshift weapons they can.
They wait.
The hijackers eventually realise the passengers are thinking.
One asks Jarrah.
How much time they may have left.
He says 20 minutes.
The hijacker responds.
We do nt have twenty minutes.
Ahmed al-Nami warns Ziad Jarrah and Saeed al-Ghamdi  and attempts to hold off the advancing passengers with a food cart  pepper spray  and a fire extinguisher  he too is soon overwhelmed and is killed by having his neck snapped.
Haznawi is beaten down and killed.
Ziad Jarrah shakes the plane violently.
The passengers manage to enter the cockpit  however   the plane plummets.
They attempt to gain control.
Passengers are heard screaming  wind is heard.
Hands are seen grappling.
The film ends.
The plane nears the ground.
The screen blacks out hits the ground.
<EOS>
Dr Sushma Malhotra treats her patient Krishna.
Who has lost his memory.
She takes  Krishna falls in love with her.
Then they get married.
Krishna falls down and hurts his head.
This injury brings back his old memories.
Bring in something unexpected.
Results. 
<EOS>
War and espionage sets the stage.
It s early.
The United States has finally joined the Allied cause after the attack on Pearl Harbor.
Oil is a precious commodity needed to fuel fighter planes  battleships  jeeps and other vehicles.
It becomes.
When German U-Boats are sighted off the coast on the Caribbean Sea.
Clear something must be done to guard the nation s oil fields.
Frank Moore is an American communications expert sent to help keep tabs on German plans to attack the oil fields.
Moore was given the assignment.
He speaks Spanish  but this does nt help him get along.
Enrique Salvatierra.
However   he s immediately infatuated.
When Moore meets Venezzia  Salvatierra s beautiful wife.
They fall.
When she reveals that she shares his attraction.
Could jeopardize their futures.
When he s suspected.
<EOS>
Art Parker grows up and has worked with horses.
He lies to enlist in the U.
S.
Navy.
He is stationed in the Solomon Islands and befriends a local rancher.
The rancher asks Parker for help rescuing a filly.
Has been injured.
Parker ends up taking the horse and training her.
She eventually becomes a morale booster.
Bess learns a number  including running to a sandbagged cave for protection.
Whenever the air raid siren sounds.
This leads.
Who knew her giving her the nickname Foxhole Flicka  in the 1941 children s book My Friend Flicka.
When Parker receives his orders to return.
S.
He is denied permission to take Bess.
He eventually either receives permission  or makes.
The right people think he received permission  and is allowed to build a stall.
<EOS>
Bounty hunter Jack Walsh is enlisted to bring accountant Jonathan The Duke Mardukas back to L.
A.
The accountant had embezzled $ 15 million before skipping the $.
Bail Moscone has posted.
Jack must bring The Duke back.
Eddie defaults.
Eddie says  a midnight run.
The job is easy.
Jack demands $.
Jack is then approached.
Who wants The Duke to be a witness.
Serrano s henchmen Tony and Joey offer Jack $ 1 million to turn The Duke over to them.
Jack takes custody and calls Eddie from the airport  not knowing.
Jerry  Eddie s assistant  is secretly working.
Jack is forced to travel.
When The Duke has a panic attack.
Eddie brings to find them.
When Jack and The Duke fail to show up.
Marvin uses Jack s credit card number to find out.
Where they are and then has the card canceled.
Jack is able to get the drop and leaves the train.
He is forced to rely on other means to get across the country  including stealing cars  borrowing his ex-wife s car in Chicago  and hitchhiking.
The Duke tries to get to know Jack.
Who eventually reveals that he had been an undercover officer.
Refusing to take money  Jack is setup and forced to leave town.
Marvin catches up with them and takes The Duke away from Jack.
Who is found.
Jack realizes.
Marvin intends to turn The Duke over.
Marvin tries to get $ 2 million for The Duke.
The plan backfires.
Jack bluffs.
He has computer disks created with enough information to put Serrano away.
Jack meets up with Serrano.
Being watched.
Marvin   spots The Duke and interrupts the exchange.
Marvin punches Jack and unknowingly disables the wire.
Jack yells  the FBI closes in  arresting Serrano and his henchmen.
Serrano has the disks.
Moseley turns The Duke over.
Enough time to return him.
A.
A.
Jack calls Eddie to tell him.
He has The Duke  but that he is letting him go.
The Duke gives Jack $ 300000 in a money belt.
He had been hiding.
Jack flags down a taxi and asks the driver.
He has change.
The taxi drives away.
He starts walking home.
<EOS>
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who finds out that the main character has achieved sentience due to an attack by a computer virus.
Asked  Jimi sets out to erase the game from his employer s server  and thus spare Solo further suffering.
It s commercially released.
Jimi feels desperate.
His wife Lisa left him.
He starts to search.
He tries to delete Solo.
These two paths complement in the story throughout the whole film.
Jimi hacks into one of the company s servers.
This hack is.
That is the way.
The network defends itself.
It tries to keep the hacker s mind.
It burns the hacker s brain.
The only way to pass is to free one s mind.
To forget before or after  to forget about bodily feelings  to enter a state of pure concentration.
Where one focuses only.
It is similar.
Where one tries to concentrate.
People are called angels.
Who are able to do this.
Jimi feels enlightened.
He is.
He saved the character  understood and understands.
Lisa left.
The things happened they happened.
He is.
<EOS>
Boxer Bob Neal joins the police.
Together they arrest Neal s former friends.
Who stole a truck.
<EOS>
The story.
Mary s and their efforts to convince a millionaire to help pay to their poorly capitalized and decaying parochial school building.
<EOS>
Kseniya  a 23-year-old Muscovite pastry chef  is very busy.
Her 7-year-old son Artyom  suffering  hides in a world of fantasy every time he feels like been hurt or lonely.
He sees himself as a superhero Kosmoboy.
Who  together battles against the terrifying monster robot Mrakovlast.
Everything changes.
When Kseniya gets a call from her ex-husband and Artyom s father Ossetian Zaur  who serves as a peacekeeper in South Ossetia.
He misses Artyom very much and asks her to send the boy right next to the administrative border separating South Ossetia from the rest of Georgia.
Who live.
Zaur assures her.
Everything is perfectly safe.
Kseniya   agrees.
She wants to take a vacation with her new boyfriend  a bank employee  Yegor  who ca nt find understanding with Artyom.
Kseniya needs some private time.
But she agrees.
Zaur sends her son back immediately as soon as she asks him to.
The next day   Kseniya learns from Internet articles.
South Ossetia is turning.
She calls Zaur and demands.
Artyom is brought back.
Zaur  seeing his parents happy  and Artyom obviously enjoying his vacation in the Caucasus  tries to convince Kseniya.
Those Internet articles are maybe not true.
She does not want to listen.
Ksenia  having a bad feeling  comes to Ygor.
Unexpectedly he proves himself to be  the she s like a little.
When he says  that he least wants to be got involved in her family problems.
She should be taught.
And  then Yegor clearly gives her to understand.
When they go.
He is sure.
She does not pretend.
To humiliate Yegor  Ksenia begins to repeat  Yeah  Yegor  Yeah.
Other people begin to laugh.
Kseniya  together leaves  and humiliated.
When the elevator doors opened.
Yegor continues to stand still.
Ksenia flies.
Where she takes a bus into the pre-war South Ossetia.
Suddenly  the bus is exposed.
Kseniya and several other passengers miraculously survive.
Russian military reconnaissance unit assists.
Is the commander of the reconnaissance Lyoha.
Kseniya persuades him to take her and turns on the central square of Tskhinvali on a memorable night from 7th to 8th August.
When the city was hit.
Kseniya manages to reach the refugee camp.
She calls Zaur.
Who is driving to evacuate his parents and Artyom.
They both decide to meet.
But Zaur s attempt to evacuate his parents and Artyom falls.
He and his parents were killed.
When they sit down.
Artyom runs from the seen.
Kseniya waiting for them to come and calls Artyom on his mobile phone.
Artyom   picks it up.
Who had just regained consciousness.
Being  Mrakovlast was here  Mrakovlast killed all.
Situation becomes complicated.
He starts to be exposed  hiding everything is deeper in the world of his illusions.
Ilya with Russian military convoy and journalists get.
Ambushed and Ilya dies killed.
Ksenya is saved.
Who observed attack as recon.
Lyoha s recon unit has assignment to assist Russian peacekeepers holding defence.
Kseniya persuades Lyoha to take her along.
Peacekeeper s base is not far where her son is hiding.
En-route Lyoha appears to be smart and professional soldier   Lyoha is cold and counting from 1 to.
When Russian vehicles jump right.
Recharging time is 6 seconds.
Both Russian vehicles make sudden turn thus escaping tank s artillery fire.
Lyoha finds out.
When recon unit reaches the base.
His unit simply has no transport to evacuate them all.
The only solution is to move all refugees under attack and seek for transport.
This will take 6-7 hours.
Lyoha can assist Ksenya.
She decides to reach her son alone.
Lyoha has no choice but accept it  provides Ksenia and starts evacuation or refugees blocking line of Georgian fire with Russian tank.
Ammunition has run out.
Refugees and Ksenya successfully evacuated.
Ksenya luckily sneaked past small Georgian army unit  busy repairing one and finds her son.
He is wounded and unable to walk.
She returns to location of Georgian soldiers and steals one of their cars.
Soldiers seeing one start to shoot  but too late to stop her.
Kseniya picks up her son.
Seconds before Georgian soldiers appear nearby hunting.
Trying to escape them Ksenya rushes in the middle of large Georgian army position.
One shoots at invisible Russian positions  but starts to turn his main gun to fire at Ksenya s car as soon.
They noticed her.
Ksenya recalls her experience and counts to seven.
She sharply turns the wheel  tank fires but misses her  destroying Georgian armored vehicle instead.
Georgian positions are taking large field and Ksenya evidently going to be captured or shot  but Sukhoi Su-25 wing makes massive air strike on position of Georgian army.
Ksenya is driving out.
Feeling safety she stops the car but assaulted.
Who wants to get her car to retreat.
Kseniya explains him.
Her son is wounded.
She had stolen Georgian Jeep to save him.
She begs soldier to let her go argumenting.
Soldier s mother would do the same.
Georgian soldier accepts her arguments.
His slowly approaching and evidently wounded comrade shouts just shoot her.
Soldier explains.
Kseniya will be immediately shot as soon as they will see approaching Georgian military vehicle.
He proposes to get her.
She agrees.
Soldier drives Jeep away from his wounded comrade.
Who curses wait here.
Soldier drops Kseniya.
Kseniya walks.
Tank commander asks her.
She speaks Russian and after she nodds shortly demands her to get away.
Ksenya just smiles  steps and continues to walk towards masses of approaching Russian soldiers.
Her son is treated.
She is laying  but suddenly her son interrups her.
Asking her to tell story.
Later they wait.
Helicopter evacuating them finds them both  while they are waiting for boarding.
Ksenya is happy to see him and asks.
Lyoha shortly replies.
The war is over.
We won.
Stopped.
Both Ksenya and Artyom cheerfully say goodbye.
Answering machine in Kseniya s apartment is shown playing numerous messages from Yegor and asking to excuse him.
Who says he is missing her.
The last message however is.
Who simply tells Hi  Kseniya.
<EOS>
Desi Romeos is a story.
Who are popular.
The ROMEOS are  R - Randhawa  O - Om  M-Maana  E - -LRB- Ehsaas  O-Osho .
Desi Romeos is also the story.
.
Where they stay and where romance blossoms between them and the girls staying as PG in the house opposite them to the jail.
Achieve success.
Who called for nothing.
` Desi Romeos  is a fun filled story with lots of action  romance and music  keeping you entertained throughout.
<EOS>
A top secret drilling platform raises a dormant alien creature from the depths.
Once loose  the creature goes by telepathically exploiting the fears and desires of anyone to cross its path.
<EOS>
Stormy Tornado and Curly Flagg are two showgirls.
Who witness the murder of their fellow performers and can identify the killer.
The girls flee the scene and hide out at Bristol College  disguising themselves as boys.
However the need makes.
Then the trouble begins.
<EOS>
A Cardinal is falsely accused.
He represents a sect that is a range.
The Interrogator  an old friend  is given the task of persuading him to make a public confession of treason.
The Interrogator eventually breaks though.
The Cardinal became a priest to escape.
To purge his sin  the Cardinal confesses.
Which he is accused  and is released to face a silent  bewildered crowd.
There is a subplot.
Who is with a married woman  who wants to leave the country and join her husband.
<EOS>
The hand washes up on the beach and possesses the college student.
Who takes it home.
The student is slowly transformed and begins killing people in a small town.
<EOS>
Facts are indeed stranger and sometimes more shocking.
Amma is based.
Amma is a realistic depiction of an ordinary woman s stunning battle against the horrifying uncertainties of life.
She will leave you speechless and stunned.
You ever come.
She will engulf your mind and heart completely  you might hate her or even venerate her but  you will never be able to forget her.
She is utterly unpredictable  one can never tell.
She would react.
The extent up is.
Which she can go.
<EOS>
Ismet Ulam Raja is a wealthy businessman.
Abdul Wahab and Abdul Wahib are selfish and money-minded  running their individual businesses.
Abdul Wahub   enjoys a simple life and owns a small music shop.
Abdul Wahab and Abdul Wahib start plotting out.
When Ismet Ulam Raja has a heart attack.
How much wealth they are set to gain when their father dies.
Abdul Wahub is appalled and tries to get their father to go to the hospital.
Ismet Ulam Raja is strongly.
Their father dies.
The two elder brothers immediately distribute their late father s vast wealth.
Abdul Wahub only inherits their father s house.
He accepts it.
Abdul Wahub is upset.
He is the youngest brother  and returns.
Sadiq Segaraga  a friend  has also set his eyes on the vast wealth.
Once belonged.
He orders his three beautiful daughters  Hamidah  Rafidah and Ghasidah.
To woo the three Abduls.
Hamidah is successful.
Abdul Wahab and Rafidah is successful.
Ghasidah and Abdul Wahub only argue.
The two elder Abduls meet Sadiq Segaraga to ask in marriage.
Sadiq agrees.
They sign a contract written and his lawyer  Kassim Patalon.
The contract states.
The Abduls will be sold.
They agree to sign it.
They are suspicious.
Abdul Wahab and Abdul Wahib move into Sadiq s home.
They are to sleep  not in their wives  rooms.
The two Abduls lose their temper.
Sadiq reveals the contract  claiming all their wealth and sells the two men.
Abdul Wahub sees his brothers being sold  but can not do anything.
That night his father appears in a dream  telling him to meet a man named Sulaiman.
Abdul Wahub does.
He s instructed.
It turns out.
Sulaiman Akh-laken is Ismet Ulam Raja s lawyer who managed Ismet s overseas properties  which are now passed.
Abdul Wahub discovers.
He is several times richer.
Using this knowledge  he starts his plan.
Sadiq shows Abdul Wahub the same contract.
He d presented.
Abdul Wahub says.
He ll sign it.
The second contract states  then Abdul Wahub will claim all his wealth and sell Sadiq.
If Sadiq loses his temper.
Abdul Wahub and Ghasidah are married.
They supposedly still hate each other.
Abdul Wahub arrives and is told the same things  he reacts to all the conditions with ease.
His brothers were told but  being prepared.
The following days Abdul Wahub counters Sadiq s trickery.
Each time Sadiq almost loses his temper.
His lawyer Kassim Patalon reminds him.
He signed.
Ghasidah then confronts Abdul Wahub  asking him.
Whether he s really having an affair.
It is true  but the truth comes out.
It was just pretend  and that he is actually.
Ghasidah is.
Sadiq Segaraga finally loses his temper.
When Abdul Wahub invites the people into Sadiq s house to take away anything they want.
Abdul Wahub reveals the contract  taking everything and selling Sadiq  Kassim Patalon  Rafidah and Hamidah.
When Sadiq admits that his truly angry.
Sadiq owns.
Abdul Wahub buys Abdul Wahab and Abdul Wahib  along with Sadiq  Rafidah and Hamidah  and brings all of them back to the house.
Was once the only thing that Abdul Wahub inherited.
Abdul Wahub apologizes to everyone for his doing and undoes the contracts.
Bound them.
All those learned their lesson.
Who spent their time.
<EOS>
Severine and Henri are reunited decades.
Severine is reluctant to see Henri again  yet he is adamant.
She resents.
She has to confront her past of adultery and prostitution.
Nevertheless she is curious to know.
Whether Henri revealed her secret life as he was dying.
Belle toujours The Observer.
23 November.
<EOS>
Dr Curt Taylor meets an alien named Zontar.
It claims to have come to solve all of the world s problems.
But Zontar has a hidden agenda.
He begins causing worldwide power outages.
He can also control people s minds.
Dr Taylor realizes.
Zontar wants to rule the world.
<EOS>
The plot is largely similar.
The film tells the story.
The movie features a frame story.
Which the body is presented as a flashback  as told by Francis.
The narrator  Francis  and his friend Alan visit a carnival.
Where they see Dr Caligari and Cesare  whom the doctor is displaying.
Caligari brags.
Cesare can answer any question he is asked.
Cesare tells Alan -- a prophecy.
When Alan asks Cesare how long he has to live.
He will die tomorrow.
Turns out to be fulfilled.
Francis  along Jane  investigate Caligari and Cesare.
Eventually leads by Cesare.
Caligari orders Cesare to kill Jane.
The hypnotized slave refuses.
Her beauty captivates him.
He carries Jane out  leading Jane s father and brother on a chase.
Cesare is stabbed after being pursued by Jane s brother.
Francis discovers.
Caligari had created an illusion to distract him.
Francis discovers.
Caligari is actually the head  and with the help of his colleagues discovers that he is obsessed with the story of a medieval Dr Caligari  who used a somnambulist to murder people as a traveling act.
Caligari breaks down and reveals his mania and is imprisoned in his own asylum.
The twist ending reveals  The man is Caligari.
Francis  flashback is actually his fantasy.
He claims.
Is indeed his doctor.
<EOS>
High school students Sho Fukamachi and Mizuki Segawa accidentally discover one.
Walking home.
The unit comes  transforming him into Guyver I and promptly destroying the Zoanoid assailant.
When Sho and Mizuki are attacked.
Meanwhile  a female Chronos agent named.
Valcuria acquires a second unit and becomes Guyver II.
She then abducts Mizuki to challenge Sho for the Guyver I unit.
<EOS>
The recently-widowed Valentina Zuniga is abducted by notorious smuggler Genovevo Cruz Garcia by will of Captain Luis Benitez.
Who desires to have Valentina and has saved Genovevo from execution.
<EOS>
The movie is split.
The first episode begins.
They soon discovered otherwise.
First  Ms.
Finster becomes the fifth grade teacher.
Who had transferred.
This is combined.
J.
Goes to see Principal Prickly.
Who says that he could nt do anything because it was the school board s policy.
Consequently  T.
J.
Claims. 
He would stay and never go to school again.
Word soon gets out  compelling every student to gather at T.
J.
S house.
Prickly tries to compel T.
J.
To come down  but the school board finds out and dispatches Mr White.
Mr White claims.
He ll allow T.
J.
To remain  but promises.
His friends will suffer.
T.
J.
Then seemingly.
Concedes  allowing Mr White  only to find that T.
J.
Climbed. 
Unfortunately  T.
J.
Almost falls off the roof.
Prickly saves him.
It is then.
Prickly decides to join T.
J.
S protest.
The board members find out.
Nobody likes the policies.
They were just things.
The board members were too afraid to stand up.
They then vote to alleviate the policies  much  having been beaten by a kid a second time.
Afterwards  things are returned to normal  aside from having Ms.
Finster.
The gang is introduced to the fifth and sixth graders  club.
Where both grades can cooperate.
J.
And the gang think.
They are going to like it.
They soon start getting sick.
However  Mikey and Gus still like to hang out.
T.
J.
Spinelli  Gretchen  and Vince start getting.
Tired makes about the younger students.
They get King Bob to get them into the fifth and sixth graders  club.
Everyone else arrives.
But T.
J.
And the gang bring two first graders  Tubby and Hector.
Who were Mikey and Gus  respective friends.
King Freddie II bans them.
They are glad.
Everything is back.
Spinelli and her parents go to a pumpkin patch.
Where Spinelli picks an ugly pumpkin.
Lawson and his gang are also  telling Spinelli.
She is too old and that they are only there to throw the pumpkins  not make them into lanterns.
She too believes.
She is too old  and consequently asks her parents to leave.
However  her parents tell her.
They have to get a picture.
Guilted by the baby pictures  Spinelli sits on the pumpkin.
It gives way and bursts.
Seeing this  Lawson begins to laugh.
Back.
J.
And the gang are talking  Gus stuck on.
What he is going to wear.
Spinelli comes in and says.
She is too old  eating her lunch and going away.
The gang remembers all the good times.
They had.
Halloween finally comes.
Spinelli s parents are going out.
She is staying home.
The diggers knock  see her expression  and tell her.
She is watching a movie.
They will tell the other kids to skip her house because she is not.
However  she tells them not to warn the other kids.
That she can pretend she is scared.
She pretends to be scared  the kids are not meant to be scary.
She scares them by wearing a scary mask and screaming Take candy and go to the next house.
She then closes the door smiling.
She gives them tips.
When the next group comes.
The next trick-or-treater is a werewolf.
Who howls and actually scares Spinelli.
However  the werewolf takes off its mask.
It is actually Miss Finster.
She comes.
Giving her advice and that some people  like her  never get too old for it.
She then gives Spinelli her phone number.
Her parents come home early  and then goes out.
Meanwhile  T.
J.
And the gang are out trick-or-treating  Gus wearing toilet paper.
Their worries have ruined the magic of Halloween  along with the discoveries  a building was a haunted jail  a zombie is really a robot.
Someone is giving out sugar-free sweets.
They thought.
Is really a closed down DMV.
Gravestones are really just wood.
They go home disappointed.
Spinelli finds them and brings them.
She persuades them to go in.
The door locks.
Spinelli then goes and screams.
Various monsters advance.
J.
And gang.
One is the werewolf.
Who is once again Miss Finster.
The other monsters are all the other teachers.
They give the gang a heap.
The gang s Halloween spirit is restored.
Outside Lawson and his gang are scared off.
The film cuts later where T.
J.
And the gang play a calm game.
J.
And his friends.
Go inside the school to their classes  T.
J.
Narrates. 
Even though things change as they grow up  sticking and staying true to themselves will make everything okay.
And  T.
Miss Finster is about to close the doors.
J.
Waves s got a feeling.
It ll be the best school year yet  and that he really means it.
Miss Finster  and.
Then sighs.
J.
Moves gently shuts the doors  thus ending the film.
<EOS>
Having fortuitously discovered a photograph  etienne Dorsay becomes jealous  and imagines various stratagems to identify the lover.
Which Marthe embraces someone unknown  clothed.
Etienne and his friends acquire a weekend house for a very low price.
The film is largely narrated by the character etienne.
Whose tone shifts.
The film contains a certain number to the films of Blake Edwards.
<EOS>
An older man  Andrew Marsh  is seen viewing a homemade pornographic tape.
It is later revealed the man died.
The main suspect is the woman having sex.
Who is represented by lawyer Frank Dulaney.
The trial begins.
It is nt long.
Carlson and Dulaney enter a sadomasochistic sexual relationship.
Dulaney  overcome by lust  notices too late.
Carlson is tying his arms.
Carlson then pushes him  removes his underwear.
She humiliates him  apparently amused by Dulaney s increasingly desperate reactions.
He is restrained.
The two then have sex in complete control  an obvious counterpoint to their relationship in the courtoom.
Where Dulaney is the one.
Carlson proclaims her innocence.
District attorney Robert Garrett is out to prove.
Carlson deliberately killed Marsh to receive the $ 8 million dollars he left her in his will.
The testimony  Joanne Braslow  reveals.
He also had a sexual relationship that could have contributed to his death  casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson s guilt.
Dulaney ca nt resist Carlson sexually but does nt trust her.
His wife sees telltale marks and realizes.
He s been having an affair.
Carlson is shown to have had previous sexual relationships with a number of older rich men  including Jeffery Roston.
Which her lovemaking was just as rough  indicating that what she did was not unusual.
Carlson s testimony convinces the jury.
Acquits her.
She mockingly thanks her attorney for getting a guilty client off  fully aware.
He can not repeat what she said and that she can not be tried twice.
Dulaney goes that night Alan Payley  freely discussing the way.
Where he finds her.
They conspired to kill Marsh.
She s free and clear  but taunts Payley.
I ve already forgotten you.
Carlson bluntly tells Dulaney.
Her sexual prowess is how she is able to make men do anything.
An enraged Payley lashes out and   Payley shoots her twice.
Dulaney pulls him off.
She plunges to her death.
<EOS>
The official website describes the film   Amy Seimetz alluringly commands the screen as Francine  a waitress.
Whose liberation is long overdue.
Francine s life consists of casual encounters and transient friendships.
What she wants is out -- or is it that she s lost track of wanting anything at all.
Francine is reminded.
Change begins to invade the quiet diner.
It is never too late to become the person she was meant to be.
<EOS>
It s a colourful summer  Luca and his friends prepare for the dreaded maturita exams.
All the troubles  emotions  mishaps and delights that typically afflict teenagers.
Luca falls in love with an extroverted yet mysterious girl  Claudia.
He only knows her name   he has no idea.
He knows nothing else.
To find her again.
Meanwhile  Luca is desperately trying to get back.
Who will be the teacher sitting in.
<EOS>
Jack Deth is a police trooper.
Who has been hunting down Martin Whistler  a criminal mastermind who uses strange psychic powers to make people that carry out his every desire.
Deth can identify a tranced victim.
All trancers appear  but once triggered  they become savage killers with twisted features.
Whistler escapes back.
He can be caught.
Whistler leaves his body and travels down his ancestral bloodline arriving in year 1985 and taking over the body of an ancestor.
Who happens to be a Los Angeles police detective named Weisling.
He destroys Whistler s body - effectively leaving him trapped - and chases after him through time the same way.
Deth discovers what Whistler has done.
Deth himself ends up  a journalist named Phil Dethton.
Deth goes after Whistler.
Who has begun to trance other victims and plots to eliminate the future governing council members.
Deth arrives too late to prevent most and can only safeguard Hap Ashby  a washed-up former pro baseball player.
Who is the ancestor.
Deth is given some high-tech equipment  his sidearm  and a long-second wristwatch.
Is sent in the past.
Temporarily slows time stretching one second.
The watch has only enough power.
He receives another watch later to pull the same trick again.
One of the drug vials in Jack s gun breaks  leaving only one vial to get home.
Jack then makes the choice to kill Weisling  or use the vial to send Whistler back.
Jack injects Weisling.
He effectively destroys him.
Jack then decides to remain in.
Observing him is McNulty  his boss from the future  who has traveled down his own ancestral line.
Ending up.
<EOS>
Marie  a cashier was a real feature on the Prater of the time on the Prater in Vienna  and Baron Christian von B.
Fall in love.
Their relationship is disrupted.
Who always wears a mask.
Christian eventually follows Valette.
He is shocked to discover.
When he tears the golden mask.
She is disfigured.
He returns with the intention of putting an end to his life.
Marie is able to save him.
The ride is associated in this film with the journey into one s own self.
<EOS>
Kim Hye-ja  a veteran Korean actress  plays an unnamed widow living alone  selling medicinal herbs in a small town in southern South Korea while doing unlicensed acupuncture to the town s women on the side.
Her son Do-joon is shy  but prone to attack anyone.
Who mocks his intellectual disability.
She dotes and scolds him for hanging out with Jin-tae  a local neer -.
A high school girl is discovered dead  shocking the residents and pressuring the incompetent police to find the killer.
The police are happy with their cursory investigation and arrest the boy.
His defense attorney is unreliable.
The police trick.
The police could not figure.
Who would display the girl s dead body.
The mother  horrified and unconvinced  gets involved.
Do-joon is even capable.
She scours the town  uncovering salacious details.
Who is surprisingly sympathetic.
Unsettling everyone determined quest for justice.
The mother s investigation and search takes her to an old man at his junkyard.
The town s junkyard keeper reveals.
He saw Do-joon attack the girl after she mocked him.
The mother murders the old man and burns down the junkyard along with his body.
Meanwhile  the police become suspicious and arrest him for the murder  freeing.
Do-joon confides.
The girl s body was left so that bystanders might bring her some medical assistance.
He gives her the box.
She left  warning her to be more careful in the future.
The film ends.
Where the mother is emotionlessly dancing away her weariness.
<EOS>
An elderly woman hires a young aide to care and terrorizes her with her unreasonable demands.
<EOS>
Deshu is a mechanic.
Who has come home.
His father is a dry  gruff police constable.
Deshu unwittingly becomes a witness.
When Mangli Bhai s goons chase a man  burst  and proceed to kill the man right there.
Roughened up  and threatened by the goons to not do so  Deshu keeps.
His mouth shut.
Later  he joins a rival gang  and proceeds to kill Mangli.
Little  with his bravery and intelligence he manages to become Bhai s right-hand man  much to the dismay of his two sons  Muqarram and Shabbir.
Slowly  he becomes the most important member.
Once  a secretary gives him the contract of pulling out her of a trouble of being harassed by a male colleague.
The actress  impressed  later becomes his girlfriend.
The rest chronicles his take-over of the gang.
When Bhai  bending  allows an unwarranted attack on Deshu and his faithful lieutenant Raghav.
Raghav is killed along.
Deshu manages to survive the attack.
He now takes on  and kills Bhai s sons  but does not kill Hashim.
He does this.
Purposely to take the sweet revenge.
He knows that Bhai is not.
The film ends  having crowned himself underworld king  dreaming of forming the D company and running it as a well-tuned machine from outside India s borders.
<EOS>
Jazmin Biltmore is a smart-mouthed  frustrated  plus-sized  aspiring fashion designer and department store employee.
Who is obsessed.
Jazmin has always been overweight.
Jazmin wins a trip.
She and best friend Stacy find the first day embarrassing.
Hotel robes do nt fit.
The massage table is quite small.
They leave to join Mia.
Who has been ogling a Nigerian man swimming.
He introduces himself.
Jazmin is enraptured  too distracted to remember her own name.
He and his friends find Jazmin and Stacy beautiful.
However  they think.
Mia is so skinny that they wonder if she is sick.
They invite the women out.
He has never seen such beautiful women.
The three women go.
Where Mia is told she needs to eat more.
She storms out.
Everyone there embraces big and beautiful.
Jazmin s infatuation continues.
Reserved Stacy is hit on.
Pretty soon  they are much.
Mia is frustrated.
She is lonely.
Tunde treats Jazmin  to the point.
She is afraid that he is not showing sexual interest.
He tells her she is beautiful and should not change herself to please other people  other.
She is too classy for that.
She says.
She will eventually get down.
He comments.
She can never be that small.
He lets.
Her know that  her shape  called thick madame  is equated with wealth and highly respected.
She attempts to embrace these concepts.
That night  she goes down.
Tunde is busy.
She walks into the dining room to see Tunde sitting with a thin blond woman.
She confronts him.
But he asks.
She gets angry so easily  informing her that the blond woman is actually the president that he had told her about.
She is embarrassed and runs out.
She has the girls leave the hotel and goes back home.
She goes  soon has a breakdown  and throws away her diet pills  size 5 clothing and spring-cleans her room.
Jazmin finally accepts.
What Tunde told her and embraces her body.
The store s clothing line is disappointing  her manager has repeatedly said.
Her designs are too amateur to be interested.
Three large women enter and demand assistance.
Jazmin is wearing.
She sideswipes her manager and approaches the buyer  Robert.
Who compliments her dress.
She is proud to point out.
It is her own design.
Robert is very pleased and leads her away.
Jazmin s career blossoms to a store of her own.
Finally her Thick Madame clothing line goes nationwide.
She holds a fashion show  including the now more-confident Stacy.
One year later  she.
She realizes she.
A woman opens the door holding a baby.
Jazmin asks.
She is Tunde s wife.
The woman agrees.
Jazmin has the girls go.
She does not like to be rejected.
She tells Tunde.
He has changed her life.
She wo nt be a homewrecker.
Tunde clarifies  he delivered the baby.
The woman is a maid.
The maid does nt understand English.
He says.
His prayers have been answered  as he has loved Jazmin all along.
They kiss.
He promises to handle all.
Mia and Stacy also reunite.
They join Tunde s family.
Mia piles food  stating.
She wants to bulk up so she can find a rich Nigerian doctor as well.
The film ends in bed.
Jazmin insists.
<EOS>
Aditya and his friends are searching.
She has been missing a few days after having a fight with Aditya  due to their failing marriage.
But Aditya now realizes.
He loves her more and is devastated that he ca nt find her.
The film goes.
Where it is seen that Aditya and Suhani meet each other.
Aditya immediately falls with her and pursues her.
Suhani at first believes.
He is simply flirting.
Later  both realize.
They love each other.
However Aditya s rich lifestyle and Suhani s middle-class lifestyle creates a rift.
Aditya and Suhani elope and get married.
They live in their respective homes and keep their marriage a secret.
The truth comes out.
When a proposal comes.
Aditya and Suhani then move and start their married life together.
Soon  marital problems threaten to drive them apart.
A misunderstanding causes Suhani to think Aditya is having an affair.
They both get.
Suhani then gets involved.
A car hits her  almost fatally injuring her.
She is crossing the street.
Aditya has no idea and waits.
Her to return home  happily thinking that they will patch up.
Meanwhile  Suhani is  on the verge of death.
The film returns.
Where Aditya has realized that Suhani is missing and is frantically looking.
It is revealed that IAS officer Yeshwant Rao s wife  Savitri was the one.
Who hit Suhani  although her husband Yeshwant takes the blame.
He threatens Yeshwant.
When Aditiya finds out what happened.
If anything happens  he will not let him live.
Savitri then tells Aditiya.
Aditya makes up.
Aditya runs in and expresses the pain and suffering.
When Suhani regains consciousness.
He went through.
Suhani also expresses her own love and feelings.
The film ends.
Aditya and Suhani finally make up and hug each other.
<EOS>
Framed. 
A young girl was born from a drop of blood in a flutter of apple blossoms.
The young girl named.
Snow White becomes the blessing.
But.
Her birth comes the end.
Left alone  John braves a brutal winter in search for food for his starving child.
Salvation comes unexpectedly.
When the father s tears melt the frozen tomb.
The insinuating being grants John three wishes  nourishment for Snow White   But John s cause for celebration is short lived.
A kingdom in which to raise his daughter and a queen.
Seven dwarves are in the forest  looking for their friends  the gnomes.
Deciding to look by splitting up  the leader  Sunday  finds them all petrified in an old crone s garden  in trying to free them.
He ends up petrified himself.
Meanwhile  the Granter has devious plans for the well being of his own family.
Owing his loathsome spell-casting sister  Elspeth  a long awaited wish  he encourages her desires to the throne  using a magical mirror.
He transforms her into a young beautiful woman.
Knowing  the Granter Elspeth to shatter the mirror.
John will not accept another woman to replace his much loved wife willingly.
The mirror s pieces fall.
Where John is showing the infant Snow White some beautiful red roses that smell.
A fragment gets stuck in John s left eye  a large fragment of the mirror is left behind.
Another is embedded.
Elspeth keeps to harness her magical powers.
The two fragments bewitch John.
When he sees Elspeth causing him to fall  subsequently  ignoring Snow White.
Sixteen years later  Snow White grows  at this time.
Prince Alfred is visiting their kingdom when he sees Snow White he falls with her.
He spends most.
She  however  pushes him away every time.
Elspeth has become more and more vain  determined to be the most beautiful creature.
There is.
Keeping her last fragment in a private room full of other magical mirrors  she daily asks them.
Who the fairest all is.
The fairest one s image leans out of the mirrors to reply in their voice.
This greatly entertains Elspeth  you are.
It has always been her own image who answers her  ` You are.
You are the fairest all.
Elspeth grows tired and desires a new younger husband  the mirror fragment in John s eye falls out.
His feelings weaken.
John realizes.
He has neglected Snow White and stands.
Catching the mirror fragment  and having taken out the fragment in John s heart  Elspeth sets out to place them both into Prince Alfred.
The heart fragment is shattered accidentally.
The eye fragment instead falls called Hector  furious Elspeth returns to her mirror room.
Timidly she asks.
Who is fairest.
I am  I am  I am the fairest.
The Queen falls.
Hector comes and offers himself to do.
Whatever she asks.
The Prince searches and finds her walking in the gardens and declares his love for her  telling her.
She is beautiful.
Snow White pushes his feelings away saying.
Being beautiful has nothing to do and that the outer appearance of a person has nothing to do with what they are like on the inside  such as being kind  gentle and caring.
However she does try to answers his feelings.
Hector arrives to kill Snow White and bring back her heart  with the lie.
He is going to kill a rabbit for Elspeth s breakfast  Hector lures Snow White  away from the Prince.
Hector raises his knife but her innocence stops him.
Snow White kneels to free the rabbits.
The fragment of mirror in his eye is lost forever.
Realizing Hector warns Snow White jealously.
He can not take her life.
She runs terrified.
Hector kills a nearby boar and cuts its heart.
It is the heart.
Elspeth cooks the heart and eats it for breakfast and even tries to coax John to eat some too.
He is too distraught  and searches the grounds.
Prince Alfred is alone searching  Elspeth finds him and tries to seduce him  but he runs away.
She transforms him.
But  her magic mirror s light reflects.
Doing so.
Half is returned to normal.
The other half remains petrified.
He flees to find his family   John  looking in Elspeth s mirror room  ends up trapped behind a mirror  Elspeth refuses to free him.
Who is the fairest.
She was tricked.
She kills Hector.
Using the mirror  she flies.
Where she previously saw Snow White  and drops a beautiful silken sash.
Snow White sees  and tries it.
The sash then wraps itself tightly  and causes her to pass out from suffocation.
Sunday finds her and cuts the sash  causing Snow White up with several deep  wheezing breaths.
Snow White sees Sunday  and faints again.
And  she is.
When she wakes up again.
She agrees to stay  but wants to get back to her home to find her father  free her prince  and stop the Queen.
The dwarves agree to do so  but refuse to let her go.
Finding out she failed to kill Snow White  Elspeth tricks Snow White  Elspeth magically disguises herself in a way and eventually makes her fall asleep.
Resembles Snow White s deceased mother  Josephine.
The Granter returns.
She hopes  but he says.
He will make her beautiful again.
Because can not have her beauty restored.
He also explains.
Snow White only was a threat because Elspeth saw her as such  and the dangers.
Elspeth destroys her magic mirror  the source of her magic powers  by throwing it at her brother.
Who dodges the blow.
All of her spells undo themselves  Eventually the angry gnomes find Elspeth.
She threatens to destroy them  but she is powerless.
They do nt leave her alone.
They eventually kill her.
Eventually the Prince finds Snow White and wakes her up.
The dwarves.
It was the end.
And they all live happily ever.
<EOS>
John Dawson  a steel-mill owner loses his legs and his company.
He travels the country  under an assumed name  organizing beggars  peddlers  and the handicapped into a dues-paying system.
<EOS>
Sanjay Malhotra is living with his friend Ria.
He receives.
A phone call Anjali Sharma who shocks him with the news that she is getting married.
Unfortunately Sanjay has loved Anjali.
Jealous and frustrated Sanjay makes his way - to stop her marriage.
Sanjay goes and soon meets her groom - Rohit Khanna.
Sanjay then begins.
He organises a bachelor party and all the men in the family.
Rohit ends up completely drunk.
He picks up.
Sanjay is out to stop his marriage and vows to make sure that Sanjay fails.
Sanjay   gets Ria to come and pose as his girlfriend.
This makes Anjali jealous but eventually Ria leaves giving a hint.
Sanjay loves Anjali.
Giving up  Sanjay leaves.
He can not stop the wedding.
Meanwhile  Anjali says to Rohit.
A relationship must be built.
She confesses.
She has always loved Sanjay.
Rohit stops Sanjay.
Who eventually marries Anjali.
<EOS>
A nudist site is sold to Dieter Lohe  a conservative textile manufacturer from Bavaria.
He visits his new property  and plans to use the property as a hunting ground.
The members of the association adjust to Lohe s presence by walking around dressed.
Jakob Steiner  the son  does nt accept the nudist family tradition and because of this argues with his father.
Jacob becomes close friends.
Lohe eventually gets wise.
All of the parties involved come to an arrangement.
<EOS>
They are two brothers.
They are twins.
Radoslav is a young and talented soccer player  playing from Varna.
Radosvet is an impossible gambler  chased.
Radoslav meets the beautiful Elena.
They fall.
However  she is and soon takes the train home.
Radoslav gets a completely useless piece of paper.
Elena seems.
He is soon determined to go  walk along the streets and find her.
Three soccer teams   decide to bid for Radoslav and send agents to Varna to negotiate with him.
Of which.
The negotiators encounter Radosvet.
Radoslav is already.
Our gambler decides to take the best out of the situation and  pretending to be Radoslav  signs a contract with the club from Sofia.
Now both brothers are.
Radoslav keeps.
But Radosvet is the one hitting the jackpot  meeting Elena.
However  his behavior is unbearably impudent  she slaps his face and does not want to see him anymore.
Clearly  she does not suspect.
This is not Radoslav.
A few moments later   all her anger is transferred.
When  she finally meets the true Radoslav.
He manages to clarify the situation.
They both go to see the first game.
Who plays.
The team of Radosvet is defeated  after a myriad of comic situations.
It becomes clear.
Both brothers have switched places.
Radoslav gets the offer to go to play.
He declines it and for Varna.
<EOS>
Easwaran is upright and honest youth.
Who runs a local cable channel.
He is known to fight.
He enters.
He exposes his corrupt and greedy ways.
Fearing trouble  his mom takes him.
The Swami resembles Easwaran.
A sequence forces them to swap places.
The soft-spoken Swami tries to sort all issues.
Half way dies in the hand of and the corrupt MLA.
Easwaran kills off the MLA.
<EOS>
The seemingly random murder in a convenience store brings four brothers from Detroit  Michigan back home to find out.
What happened.
Originally the crime was a simple robbery-gone-wrong  the brothers soon discover.
The robbery was merely a cover.
Bobby  Angel  Jeremiah and Jack Mercer track down the hired guns.
Who killed Evelyn.
Refusing to say anything  they are unceremoniously executed.
The next day  Detroit Police Lieutenant Green and Detective Fowler confront the brothers.
Lieutenant Green warns them.
Their interference is ill advised  and that it will eventually put them in over their heads.
The brothers are treated to a somewhat different version of events.
Jeremiah informs them.
His construction company was failing precisely because he was not getting involved  and that for a project to succeed he had to pay off the right people  which he initially failed to do.
He tried to pay off Sweet s henchmen.
Jeremiah explains.
The money went directly for his daughters  because he paid all of Evelyn s bills while his other brothers were not around.
Back  Sweet s men attack the brothers.
Jack dies during the attack.
Bobby finds one of the gunmen still alive and executes him.
When Lt.
Green arrives  he tells them not to worry  and assures them it will go down.
He also informs them.
Evelyn filed a police report.
His partner  Detective Fowler  passed to Sweet.
Green warns the brothers to stay out and let him handle Fowler and then they will work together on Sweet.
Confronts Fowler  hitting him and ordering Fowler to hand in his badge.
They walk out.
Fowler kills Green and calls it.
Had fired.
Meanwhile  the remaining brothers devise a plan to buy Victor Sweet off.
Angel sets off.
When Sweet accepts.
Arriving  he subdues him.
Jeremiah then goes to meet Sweet.
Angel s girlfriend  Sofi  heads.
Hearing the sirens  Fowler thinks.
They are coming  until Angel removes his jacket showing a wire however  with no receiver.
Angel claims.
The whole conversation was taped.
The police arrive in full force.
Fowler gets the upper hand.
Fowler admits.
A gun pointed.
He killed Lieutenant Green.
Fowler tells the police to back off.
Fowler opens fire.
Who return fire and kill him.
Meanwhile  Jeremiah meets.
Sweet asks.
Who will be the one to kill him just as Bobby shows up.
Bobby and Sweet brawl  resulting.
His former henchmen seal his fate.
He is dropped.
The three brothers  now  are beaten in an attempt to make them confess to the murder of Victor Sweet.
They do not.
Back home  they set.
<EOS>
Head of DEA Field Operations in North Carolina has six months.
To resolve the problem.
John  Charles sends for Nate Parker  an informant.
Charles and John offer Nate the possibility.
When Nate arrives.
Which Nate immediately expresses interest.
Nate discovers  Rito Jackson and cousin  Terry Martin  both suspected of being part of a larger network controlled by the anonymous kingpin  Whitesnake.
He would have to return to infiltrate a drug operation headed by his childhood friend.
Nate returns to Greensboro and visits his high-school mentor  Ms.
Hoskins  stricken  awaits her death in a hospice.
Who. 
Nate confides in Ms.
Hoskins bring down Rito.
He is a federal agent and has been offered an assignment to help the DEA.
Hoskins urges Nate to accept the assignment  accusing Rito and Terry.
The story makes a detour into the fall of.
Which Young Nate  a high-school student  sits in a garage with Young Rito  Young Terry and Bernard who share a joint of marijuana.
Rito decides.
The boys can make money selling weed to which Nate  at first  objects.
Realizing  Nate devises a plan.
Adamant Rito is.
They can procure the drugs.
Nate mediates a deal  a small-time drug dealer and club owner  to attract teenage customers.
Who agrees to advance the boys the drugs.
Meanwhile  Ms.
Hoskins  Nate s English teacher  discovers.
Nate s underperformance is intentional and confronts him with the fact that he purposely gives the wrong answers to questions on his tests.
She encourages Nate to continue.
What he is doing so that his friends may see the grade his wants them to see  but explains that she will record the grade that he deserves.
Nate becomes smitten by Sharon  a new student.
Who joins Ms.
Hoskins  class.
Nate   becomes at ease with.
He begins dating Sharon.
Who he truly is.
Both Ms.
Hoskins and Sharon  however  try discourage Nate.
Who   becomes more dangerously entrenched in the drug game.
Rito and his crew outsell their supplier Jahboo.
Who instantly views them.
The competition turns deadly  causing Nate to re-evaluate his friendship with Rito.
Hoskins intervenes.
Reluctantly  Rito encourages Nate to pursue his college studies  insisting.
He can not guarantee him full protection.
Nate graduates from college and subsequently joins the Marine Corps and later the DEA.
Puts him.
<EOS>
Vasu is.
He makes several bids to obtain employment.
All goes.
All his friends settle.
He continues to struggle.
Vasu has two faithful friends  and Ganesh.
His father   is always critical for being an irresponsible person.
Who is a teacher.
This just added.
Vasu catches a glimpse of a woman named Keerthi  and immediately falls in love with her.
He learns.
She works.
Vasu finally secures employment in the same firm.
Keerthi eventually turns out to be a short-tempered young woman.
Vasu accompanies her along with two other colleagues  to Australia.
Here he reveals his feelings to her.
She immediately turns him down  saying.
She comes.
Her marriage has already been arranged.
A depressed Vasu returns thereafter.
Unable to see his son  his father decides to meet Keerti.
She abuses him  and accidentally slaps both Vasu and his father.
Later that night  Vasu s father dies.
Cheenu manages to persuade him to come along.
Order to help change Vasu s mood.
Coincidentally   Keerthi is revealed to be the fiancee of Cheenu.
However  their grandfather s thoughts are put aside.
Cheenu and Keerthi leave the house to have their own identity.
This causes heartburn.
The parents of Keerthi and Cheenu decide to get them married to appease their grandfather.
Keerthi realizes.
She is instead.
Cheenu himself overhears their conversation.
When Vasu asks her to forget him   because he believes that it would create problems in their happy family.
Cheenu tries to force Vasu and Keerthi to confess their relationship to everyone.
Who is present.
But  Cheenu stops the marriage himself.
When they hesitate to do so.
He has a secret wife.
Vasu tells them the truth  and is driven out.
When Cheenu comes from his relatives.
He is joined only.
Who agrees to accompany him as she reminds Vasu.
The rest of Cheenu and Keerthi s family comes to stay with Vasu for a few days.
But Cheenu s grandfather refuses to enter the house  telling Vasu.
He is still angry  and needs time to change himself somehow.
The movie ends.
When Vasu and Keerthi became a happy couple and live together happily.
Yaaradi Nee Mohini - It s All About the Tamil Movie Preview - AllIndianSite.
<EOS>
A skeletal structure exists  telling the same story.
The film does not have a linear plot.
The film s main character is Fletcher Munson  an office employee working.
Ron Hubbard and Scientology.
The audience sees the events unfold through Fletcher s point of view.
Fletcher sees the underlying meaning  paying more attention to  rather than.
What is meant.
What is said.
Degrading. 
He progresses.
Where he comes home and he and his wife.
What they are saying.
Fletcher  Generic greeting.
Wife  Generic greeting returned.
Fletcher  Imminent sustenance.
Wife  Overly dramatic statement.
Fletcher  Oooh  false reaction indicating hunger and excitement.
His personal life suffers.
He becomes even more detached.
Who is trying to cope.
Meanwhile  Elmo Oxygen  a local exterminator  spends much.
He finds.
Elmo and those speak in a nonsensical code.
Conveys meaning perfectly.
He is followed.
Elmo makes his rounds.
Fletcher finishes this act.
Finding  he looks around and finds.
His key will not work.
His car is an exact match.
He goes to enter his own car.
When he sees a man who is his exact double climb himself just tried to enter.
Fletcher follows his doppelganger home and closes his eyes and becomes this mystery man.
The second act follows the doppelganger  one Dr Jeffrey Korchek.
Korchek is a conservative dentist.
Who has been mentioned.
He is always.
He only jogs to the door of wherever he is going.
He is also quite a fan.
Korchek  it turns out  is the mystery man.
Fletcher s wife has been having an affair.
I m having an affair.
The communication is better.
She feels needed and wanted.
Korchek suggests she leave Fletcher and move in.
Mrs Munson says.
She will think.
The next day  Dr Korchek has breakfast.
Who first asks to stay.
Korchek says.
He can not and that his brother should not be dealing anyway.
The brother tries to see it.
They can not see eye.
Korchek goes to work.
Once there he meets Attractive Woman Number.
Korchek falls instantly and writes a letter professing his love.
Dear attractive woman number 2  only once have I responded to a person the way.
I ve responded.
I ve forgotten.
When it was or even if it was me that responded.
I may not know much.
I know.
The wind sings your name endlessly  although that makes it difficult to understand if I m standing near an air conditioner.
I know.
Your hair sits as though it could sit nowhere else.
I know.
Your figure would make a sculptor cast aside his tools  injuring his assistant who was looking out the window.
I know.
Your lips are as full that I desperately want to fuck.
I know  then I would be the happiest man.
If I could have you lie next to me  or on top of me  or sit on me  or stand over me and shake.
I know all.
Yet you do not know me.
Accept my love.
Or  at least let.
Me pay you to accept it.
He leaves this note and goes home.
Once there  he sees a car parked.
It is Mrs Munson.
Who has considered the offer and has left Fletcher.
Korchek has to admit.
He has fallen with someone else.
This probably is not going to work out.
Mrs Munson is justifiably upset and leaves.
The next day Korchek gets to work and is confronted.
Who says Your brother  eight hours  fifteen thousand dollars.
Almost all of this man s dialog consists of some combination of these three commands.
Korchek goes and finds a registered letter from a law firm representing Attractive Woman Number.
Who is filing a sexual harassment suit.
The day goes.
When it is revealed that Korchek s brother has stolen all.
Broke  tired  loveless and depressed  Korchek leaves work  only to find.
The large man s time limit has elapsed.
Korchek is shot dead.
Elmo has been given his own action show and has given up bug spraying to become a star.
The final act is seen.
We move again and see her side of things  Fletcher s growing disaffection  Dr Korchek s affection  the day-to-day routine of being a mom.
The action follows roughly the same events.
Fletcher and his doppelganger speak Japanese  Italian or French.
This is to the generic greetings of the earlier act.
She makes a tired reconciliation.
She leaves Korchek.
They go home together.
Fletcher finishes Schwitter s speech.
All seems to be well.
The day mounts the podium and prepares to give the oration.
Is   quite good.
He does not get to utter even a greeting  though.
Elmo  who has been missing  bursts into the auditorium and shoots Schwitters in the chest.
Schwitters survives  however.
Oxygen is arrested.
He exposes his crotch in a police interrogation.
The movie ends.
First  Munson is seen -- his wife will leave him.
He will drunkenly collapse and freeze to death.
Then  Soderbergh returns and asks.
There are any questions.
The camera pulls back and reveals.
He s talking.
The film has no beginning or end credits.
There is a single frame.
<EOS>
The film opens.
His identity has been discovered.
He holds a young child hostage.
The dealer fatally injects a bystander.
Tellis manages to shoot and kill the dealer.
He can hurt the child.
However  one inadvertently hits the child s pregnant mother  causing her to eventually miscarry.
Eighteen months later  Tellis is persuaded to return to the force to investigate the murder of another undercover narcotics officer  Michael Calvess.
Tellis is reluctant.
His wife disapproves.
She wants him to spend more time.
However  realizing  he decides to read the files and eventually agrees to come aboard  on two conditions.
There is very little else he can do.
The first is.
He will receive a desk job if he secures a conviction.
The second is.
Another detective  veteran Henry Oak  whom Tellis becomes aware  is assigned to the case as well.
Tellis  reason is his opinion after reading the files.
The only useful pieces thus far came from him.
Tellis is also informed as a driven and effective policeman.
Who is also unstable.
Oak is assigned to the case.
The two begin to build rapport.
Here we learn.
Oak is a dedicated  although haunted cop who uses an excessive amount force when facing criminals.
Oak also believes.
The department just wants the case buried and forgotten.
Oak reveals.
His wife died  and that they never had any children together.
He recalls a drug bust decades prior.
Where he found a ten-year-old girl naked  who had been sold by her stepfather for rent money.
Oak became enraged and beat the man.
He sees that case.
Meanwhile  Tellis  wife becomes increasingly distressed.
Tellis visits Calvess s widow Kathryn  and asks her questions.
He was  hoping to make a decision about his own private life.
Oak turns up  and is furious.
She is being persistently interviewed.
He seems increasingly protective and her children s safety.
Tellis and Oak visit the scene.
Who was shot dead.
Tellis discovers.
The bullet had no fire-pin mark.
He surmises and forgot.
The man was using it.
It was loaded.
The shotgun discharged  killing the drug user.
Heated. 
This lead is fruitless.
Who was involved.
They find incriminating evidence.
Nothing concrete find the police badge.
Suggests he carried out the murder  although they do.
However  the man impulsively turns a gun  wounding Tellis in the neck.
Oak kills him.
Returning home  Tellis is confronted.
Who leaves him as she can no longer bear to see him endangering his life.
Tellis and Oak are told.
The case has been closed  as the deceased suspect is quickly and conveniently determined to be Calvess s killer.
They are furious.
They believe the killer has yet to be found  and continue their investigation independently.
Oak determines.
The main suspects are hiding out.
Once there  Oak finds and disarms.
One suspect while Tellis chases one outside and shoots him.
Oak attempts to force a confession out.
They are both tied up.
Tellis is getting increasingly suspicious  especially after viewing many files.
Suggest Oak had been repeatedly discharging a lady who has been arrested.
Oak finds many police issue guns.
Belonged  and attacks both men violently.
Which point Tellis steps in to calm him down and tells him to get CSI tools.
Tellis locks the door  turns  and asks for the truth.
When he leaves the room.
The dealers explain.
Calvess was the one who blew Tellis  cover eighteen months ago  causing the shootout.
They also recount Calvess s degeneration.
Calvess tried to make a deal with the two dealers.
It went badly.
Oak arrived at the other end of the tunnel  trailing Calvess to confirm rumors.
He had become an addict.
Calvess went.
Was the dealers  justification.
The two men then ran off.
Oak neared and began firing.
Tellis leaves the room and confronts Oak  telling him  leaving a wound  before murdering Calvess himself for being a drug addict.
The dealers claim that Oak shot.
Oak denies this.
The issue is then brought up.
Kathryn was the ten-year-old girl.
It turns out.
Oak found all those years ago who was being prostituted.
He considers her a daughter.
He never had  and has remained close all this time.
He has since been protecting her.
She committed.
Tellis then tells Oak.
He is going to make the arrest.
Oak beats him and resumes brutalizing the dealers.
He turns the tape recorder back and attempts to beat a confession out of the two men  to shoot them.
Threatening. 
Tellis breaks  retrieves a gun  and enters the building.
He is forced to shoot Oak.
When he refuses to put his gun down.
Tellis runs to aid Oak and  realizing he s dying  pleads to tell him the truth about died.
What happened.
Oak explains.
It was Calvess who shot as they ran away from Oak  leaving the shoulder bullet wound.
Oak had an argument  explaining and was going to turn him in to the Department.
He had finally had enough.
Calvess took his own gun and shot himself in Oak s presence.
Oak had been protecting his name and family ever  so Calvess  wife can have his pension and support her two daughters.
Calvess  wife would not have received the pension.
The Department found it was a suicide.
Oak s motive was to convict Mike s murderers  the dealers had turned him into a junkie.
Who he felt.
Oak then dies  leaving the confession on tape.
The two dealers are arrested outside.
Tellis has a few minutes to decide.
Whether to hand the tape  a decision that is never revealed as the film s closing credits roll.
<EOS>
The Lieutenant Pete Tolstad  Telly Savalas  very similar.
Joe Don Baker is Mongo Nash Professional  Telly Savalas must stop.
Killer is hired to wipe out a rival gangster  The Lieutenant Tolstad.
<EOS>
Parvathi is an extremely domineering second wife and controls all his money treating him with scorn and disdain.
Son  requires a sum of Rs.
When Sivaswamy s son Ramu.
She refuses instantly.
Ramu and his cousin Shekar hatch a plot with Appaswamy.
Who pretends to be a fake swamiji in order to get and steal a sum of Rs.
.
Meanwhile Rama is an orphan.
Whose only friend is the doctor.
The doctor bungles and hands.
When Rama wants a conduct certificate.
Rama arrives.
A secretary and Parvathi sees the certificate and decides to keep Rama.
The film leads.
<EOS>
The film is set in Coburg  in post-World War II West Germany.
Schuckert is a local construction entrepreneur.
Whose methods include shady business practices such as bribing the local officials.
His latest scheme is endangered.
Von Bohm tries to go from within  rather than exposing the participants.
Meanwhile he falls with a beautiful woman named Lola.
They are attracted.
Von Bohm starts thinking.
She is the ` personal toy   he collects evidence against Schuckert to expose the corruption.
However   no one cares.
The town has benefited so much.
Von Bohm is seduced by money and marrying Lola.
Schuckert gifts the brothel  now Mrs von Bohm  and von Bohm  on their wedding day.
Schuckert takes Lola.
Von Bohm is out walking.
<EOS>
A thousand feet below the surface  is discovered.
What is believed to be an alien spacecraft.
The United States Navy investigates the cause.
The thickness suggests.
It has been there.
A team made up.
S.
Navy Capt.
Harold Barnes are tasked.
The team are housed.
The team makes several discoveries.
The first is.
The ship is not alien  and that it is in fact an American spaceship.
They assume.
The craft is.
The last date  06/21/43  does not indicate the specific century.
The last entry details an Unknown Event.
Depicts the ship apparently falling  resulting in its trip through time.
The ship s mission apparently involved gathering objects.
An item is a large  perfect sphere in the cargo hold.
It is suspended and has an impenetrable fluid surface.
Reflects its surroundings but not   people.
Harry concludes.
Sent the ship back that the Habitat crew is fated to die.
If they had lived to report  he reasons.
Harry soon sneaks back  and finds a way to enter the sphere.
A series of numeric-encoded messages begins to show up on the habitat s computer screens.
Harry and Ted are able to decipher the messages and converse.
What appears to be an alien  which has been trapped.
They soon discover.
Jerry can hear everything they are saying.
Harry s entry prevents the team from evacuating before the arrival of a powerful typhoon on the surface  forcing them to stay below for almost a week.
A series then befalls the crew  Fletcher  the navy technician  is killed by aggressive Sea Nettles.
Later  Edmunds  corpse is found drifting.
What turns out to be a giant squid  which returns to attack the station.
Ensues. 
Ted is burned.
Sea snakes attack Norman.
He is not injured.
Jerry is suspected to be the cause.
Eventually  only Harry  Norman  and Beth remain.
They realize.
They have all entered the world.
The Sphere has given them the power to manifest their thoughts.
All of the disasters are the result of manifestations of the worst parts of their own minds.
Had been plaguing them.
The name Jerry turns out to have been erroneously decoded and is actually spelled Harry  it is Harry s subconscious communicating through their computer system.
Whenever he is asleep.
Beth s suicidal thoughts trigger a countdown to detonate the explosives.
Were brought along to clear away the coral.
They abandon the Habitat.
Their fears manifest an illusion.
Norman finally sees  and punches the mini-sub s emergency surfacing button.
The explosives destroy the habitat and the spaceship.
The sphere itself remains undamaged.
The mini-sub rises  to be quickly retrieved by the returning surface ships  permitting the survivors to begin safe decompression once on board a navy ship.
The explosives detonate and create a huge blast wave.
The film ends.
Order to prevent the knowledge from falling into the wrong hands.
Thus  Harry s paradox   is resolved.
Which they are alive yet no one has learned.
The sphere emerges and flies off into space.
They erase their memories.
<EOS>
Kate Reddy works for a Boston-based financial management firm  by night  she s a devoted mother to two adoring children and the happily married wife of out-of-work architect Richard.
Kate generally manages to come out.
Balancing those two worlds has its fair share.
Who s had plenty.
Meanwhile   Kate s associate assistant  Momo  lives for her work and is afraid of settling down.
However  her new business associate.
When Kate lands a lucrative new account that will see her traveling.
Jack makes advances.
Richard receives.
A job offer he ca nt turn down.
The demands ensure.
It looks as if Kate and Richard could nt possibly take.
They ll never have a dull moment  even if they try.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Who are staying.
They take off in a car with a whiny pregnant woman named Velma.
Who is.
They then flee to escape the wrath of their boss  Amos Dade  and rob a bank along the way.
Their car breaks down due having filled the gasoline tank with diesel by mistake.
Driving. 
They bury their suitcase and begin to walk.
Night falls.
They come.
Where they see a demolished car.
They then enter an empty bar.
Velma angrily pesters them to leave.
The wrecked car has vanished.
They exit the bar.
The men are too inebriated to notice it.
The group camps out enter the town  carrying espresso machines with them.
Much.
Who insists they keep a low profile and leave  the three men enter the town  which is now full  and go.
There  they are confronted.
They are ultimately welcomed.
The bizarre townspeople include a couple.
Who own a mercantile.
The head honcho invites the gang to a party that evening.
The following day  Tim McMahon s elderly father is pushed off by his relative Sabrina McMahon and dies.
The entire town has a funeral procession.
A friend of Amos   named Whitey  shows up looking for the hitmen and Velma.
The town seizes Whitey  and accuses him of the murder of the McMahon grandfather.
His hand comes up out of the dirt and grabs the priest s ankle.
The priest shoots  killing him.
Meanwhile   Whitey begins to tell the town the truth about Amos and the hitmen  but is hanged.
He can tell his story.
A man named I.
G.
Farben   enters town and introduces himself to the gang and the rest of the townspeople  advertising his company.
Who claims to be a house manufacturer.
The next morning  Simms sees Amos  car enter the town  and tries to get a drunken Willy and Norwood to leave.
A series begin between the townspeople  Amos  crew  and the hitmen  and I.
G.
Farben and Sonia provide high-grade weapons.
Tim McMahon joins Amos  team.
Everyone begins to turn.
A shootout ensues.
Simms and Willy run.
They reach the spot  and Simms shoots Willy.
Where they buried the money.
They are trying to lift the suitcase out.
Simms then hears Velma laughing  and turns around only to be shot.
Several times  the townman with her is shot by Tim McMahon.
Tim and Velma then take off.
Simms and Willy die.
Chaos has ensued.
The town hardware store is set.
Amos is shot.
Virtually everyone is killed  aside from Norwood and several prostitutes.
Tim and Velma leave the town.
Accidentally drive off  and die.
When their brakes go out.
The car explodes.
Norwood leaves town.
The film ends.
The end announces an imminent sequel  Back to Hell  despite the fact.
Almost every main character is killed.
Cox reassembled much.
The sequel was never made.
Which they reminisce.
<EOS>
Zoe Adler  is a shy  eccentric and misunderstood computer animator.
Who has a love.
She is forced by a stalker.
Heading home.
Who steers her  knocking him off his bicycle and killing him.
She must find a way to clear her name.
When Zoe is put with a story no one believes and an electronic bracelet that keeps her homebound with an ever-increasing list of mandatory and repetitive tasks she must complete or risk going to jail.
An officer responsible for checking her bracelet every week  Zoe finds her stalker and tries to clear her name.
Who falls.
<EOS>
The silent film  throughout by Gordon-Levitt  follows the first date between Morgan M.
Morgansen and a young woman named Destiny.
Backed up  Morgan ultimately manages to woo Destiny.
Morgan discovers Destiny s vegetarianism  and decides to eat only the vegetables around the plate rather than eat the rabbit meat and appall his alarmed date.
Appreciative  Destiny begins to kiss him in the street  overlooked by the approving foodpenguin.
The two rush off.
It is stated.
Morgan  lying that night  needed no longer feel alone.
<EOS>
Milou s mother dies.
As the unrest and strikes are sweeping the country.
The events interfere and disrupt the family and a stranded truck driver.
The film combines elements.
<EOS>
Everything was going fine old Jeana.
Her newscaster boyfriend accidentally revealed that Jeana herself is still a virgin despite being in her mid.
Jeana is completely humiliated.
Adding insult is the fact.
The revelation has made her a target for every oversexed man in the immediate area  all of them determined to make a real woman out of her.
Noting dejectedly  all her optimistic romantic ideals have been shattered.
Ever since it was revealed that she is a virgin  everyman who looks wants a date.
Ultimately she can not salvage her relationship.
She does finally find a man  a photographer.
Who is decent enough to be the man to whom she finally loses her virginity.
<EOS>
Virendra is a business tycoon.
His sister Rajeshwari  his wife Suman & his mother are his only relatives.
Virendra s marital life is.
He has never had any relations.
One day  Virendra gets a rival in form of Mahendra Pratap Singh.
Mahendra is an Indian spice tycoon wanting to expand his business.
Virendra is initially wary  but sees the latter s entry as a tool to expand his own business.
Unknown  Mahendra is actually a well disguised man named Om Srivastav.
Om has a bigger agenda.
Mahendra & Virendra strike a deal.
Virendra is invited.
Once there  Mahendra reveals his true face.
Who is revealed to know Om.
Om kills Virendra and covers up his death.
Later  he shows up  claiming.
He and Virendra met  where they became friends.
Rajeshwari starts suspecting him and finds his timing suspicious.
Suman too is particularly unhappy.
Suman reveals.
She knows Om.
She confesses.
She & Om were.
Her father got.
Her married.
Suman tells.
She had told Virendra.
Instead  she stayed  being overwhelmed by his compassion.
However  Virendra now thought.
Suman is a gold-digger  which explains his attitude.
Meanwhile  a cat and mouse game starts.
Which she nearly exposes him.
Om is able to save his skin once again.
Rajeshwari gets a feeling.
Om is hurt.
Rajeshwari thinks.
Om may not be a killer & she has inadvertently hurt the wrong man.
She goes to apologize  but finds many pictures at his apartment.
Rajeshwari thinks.
Om was hurt because he was secretly with her.
Rajeshwari asks.
Apology & Om plays along.
Suman becomes both jealous & uneasy.
She and Rajeshwari finally get.
Where she almost slaps Rajeshwari.
Rajeshwari leaves her home and tells everything to Om.
Who shocks her.
An angered Om goes on to tell her everything  finally confessing his sin.
He throws her & escapes in his car.
Rajeshwari can do anything.
Here  Suman tries to find Rajeshwari.
Om feigns ignorance and the duo start to search  with Om deliberately misleading Suman.
Here  Rajeshwari is.
She screams.
Zafrani comes.
He rescues her.
She darts back to locate Om.
She is fully convinced.
When she finally fins Om.
Her brother s murder was a murder.
Seeing his plans failing  Om overpowers the duo & ties them.
He confesses the crime  making.
Rajeshwari realize that Suman is innocent.
Then Om reveals his motive.
It is revealed  assaulted Om  killed his father & raped his sisters  forcing tham to commit suicide.
Virendra had secretly came with his goons.
Om readies himself to mow Rajeshwari and Suman down.
Zafrani arrives there.
The women are rescued.
Om drives his car.
Om was going to commit suicide to avoid police.
That his work was done.
The women return home distraught.
<EOS>
Sai  a high-profile software engineer.
Who is currently acknowledged.
Betrothed  Sai and his friends lead a happy-go lucky life.
Sai rushes.
Home to join his parents happens to hit another car  killing the driver.
Very soon Sai realizes.
He has actually killed a dreaded criminal who was the main accused in many police cases.
The goon s younger brother Murugan now starts to follow Sai and has knowingly killed his brother.
He is one.
Naykkar  warmly welcomes Sai and starts protecting him and even offers to marry him to his only daughter.
Sandwiched  Sai plans to escape from the difficult situation.
Is the rest.
<EOS>
Amar returns and is asked by his multi-millionaire dad  Sonachand  to assist with their family business  Amar agrees to do so  on the condition - painting.
He spends the rest.
He meets by the name of Kamini.
Who at first does not disclose her name because she is a call girl.
However Amar names her Maya and falls with her.
His mother accepts her  but there she sees his father s photo.
When he attempts to introduce her  on reaching his house.
She recalls.
He is the same person who had forced her by promising her a job.
He had an intimate relationship and threatened her to be in this business else and throw her in this business.
He will kidnap her sister.
Who studies.
But now Kamini/Maya has decided to leave this profession.
But Sonachand does not want Amar to get married.
So he tells Kamini to act once again so.
Amar leaves her.
Kamini agrees to do.
Because she does nt want Amar to face problems as well.
But Sonachand sees.
His own daughter Usha has taken.
Meanwhile Amar comes to know the truth.
He shuns.
His dad shoots himself.
Amar leaves his house and goes to find Kamini and sees.
She has consumed poison and is about to die.
So Kamini dies and Amar is left alone.
<EOS>
Episode 1  A New Life Form.
Vajra is a Sanskrit word meaning both thunderbolt and diamond.
The Vajra is the symbol of Vajrayana  one of the three major branches of Buddhism  and can imply the thunderbolt experience of Buddhist enlightenment or bodhi as well as indestructibility.
Genocyber also possess incredible telekinetic and pyrokinetic powers.
Leaves dozens.
The scientist is arrested.
However  Elaine then uses her psychic power to merge and become Genocyber.
Which the scientist and government agents are killed.
Numerous buildings are heavily damaged.
The next morning  Elaine finds.
Her only friend  a young homeless boy she met before she was captured  has died.
Elaine becomes filled and screams  turning into Genocyber.
Initiating a massive explosion.
Completely destroys Hong Kong  leaving only a barren wasteland.
The second OVA apparently occurs shortly.
This first one ended.
A country called Karain.
The fictional country appears to have no relation to the fictional continent of the same name in Austin Tappan Wright s novel Islandia  or to Karain Cave  which is an Paleolithic archaeological site located in the Mediterranean region of Turkey.
Has withdrawn in protest of the new World government and launched an invasion of a neighboring country.
The United States agrees to deploy a Carrier Strike Group to support offensive operations against Karain  this fleet will be led by the Alexandria  a massive futuristic Supercarrier.
Is currently stationed off the coast.
However  satellite photographs have identified an unknown superweapon believed to have been deployed.
Concerned.
Realizing  the Kuryu Group agrees to send a team to the Alexandria.
The image is.
The Kuryu scientists   bring on board their own secret weapon  a newly-created Vajra  out of anticipation.
The fleet will encounter Genocyber.
This new Vajra has a completely robotic body.
Enables it to almost literally fuse.
This is demonstrated.
When the Vajra fuses  enhancing the fighter s capabilities far beyond anything that would be possible for a human pilot.
The Vajra is conducting a test flight.
The fleet travels to Karain.
When a UN scout plane operating in.
The pilot also has aboard a civilian he rescued  Elaine.
Elaine senses the Vajra.
The scout plane approaches the carrier.
Elaine.
Alarmed  the Vajras fighter veers wildly off-course  entering into a steep dive and nearly crashing into the carrier.
The scout plane is forced to make a crash landing.
Elaine survives unscathed.
The carrier s senior officers sharply rebuke Sakomizu  yelling at him  but is also uncontrollable.
His Vajra is not only dangerous.
The American officers rebuking Sakomizu refer to him using the racist term you goddamn Jap.
This was changed to you stupid ignorant f.
Later  Sakomizu yells for embarrassing him.
Elaine now has a largely cybernetic body from the neck down.
It is possible.
It is unclear why and how this change occurred.
Elaine and Diana have merged.
A young female doctor  Myra  takes Elaine and gives her the name Laura.
Laura/Elaine reminds her of her own daughter.
Who died.
She is able to communicate telepathically.
Elaine is still mute.
Whom she forms a special bond.
Almost immediately  Myra comes to think as her own child.
Neither Myra nor the crew are aware.
Her presence is briefly uneventful.
However  numerous members begin having nightmarish visions and several suffer mental breakdowns.
The Vajra again senses Elaine  and interprets her presence as a threat to itself and the ship.
Elaine also senses the new Vajra  and  transforms and destroys it.
Seeking it out.
Genocyber s arm is hacked off.
The ship s crew  unaware simply conclude.
What actually happened.
Sakomizu s Vajra has malfunctioned again  and blame him.
However  Sakomizu   is insulted and wrongly concludes.
The crew sabotaged his work  although he now clearly suspects that Elaine is more she appears to be.
He eventually creates a new Vajra but is unable to control it  the Vajra then expands throughout the carrier  engulfing and consuming the entire crew  except for Myra.
Whom Genocyber saves.
Sakomizu also appears to survive initially.
He too is consumed.
Genocyber then flies and reaches the core of the Vajra.
The Vajra attempts to fuse itself but Genocyber s psychic powers prove to be stronger.
The Vajra loses control and the consumed carrier.
Detonates. 
Later  Myra is rescued.
They investigate the remains.
Deciding  they fly back  but are horrifed to discover.
Myra is delirious.
The entire country has been devastated and that the capital city is.
Genocyber then rises and spreads its wings  confirming.
Karain has suffered a similar fate.
The young girl  Elaine  does not appear much in the story.
Genocyber eventually realizes and is dormant.
There was no place.
It reawakens.
The now-extremly elderly leader of the Kuryu Group is seen looking at a wall of computer screens.
Show Genocyber.
It is revealed.
Humanity has been waging a desperate and hopeless war against Genocyber  which has decimated the Earth.
The leader vows to find someway to stop Genocyber.
If it takes centuries.
However  Genocyber then attacks his location.
A massive explosion is seen to rise.
The next scene  apparently set further  shows a massive spacestation  possibly a colony ship  orbiting Earth.
A computer monitor indicates.
It is now the year 2400 AD.
The story starts out  one of the last remaining cities on earth.
Is controlled  but only does this to gain trust from the civilians.
The Mayor is ruthless  killing anyone  and most.
Who opposes him.
The mayor and an upper class live.
The story shifts.
Whom Ryu is trying to find a doctor good enough to cure Mel s blindness.
They arrive but  as members of the lower class  are unable to get the medical help necessary to allow Mel to see again.
Ryu and Mel attempt to earn money.
Mel possesses an extraordinary ability to determine appearances  colours and numbers.
Though she is blind.
She describes her power.
She also has remarkable hearing and can often sense the environment.
Ryu has an ability to throw knives while blindfolded  and hit targets.
Ryu says.
Ryu and Mel make love that night.
He hopes to earn enough money so that they can leave the city as soon.
Later  Ryu is recruited to perform at his establishment  promising a large sum of money.
However  the man tricks Ryu.
Who is tied.
Realizing  Ryu manages to escape but is now pursued.
He has been tricked.
Mel hears Elaine s voice calling.
Ryu and Mel try to hide in the ruins beneth the city.
She and Mel find themselves at the centre of an altar.
A flashback then shows Genocyber.
An image appears.
Her voice then calls  telling her.
It has to end.
We ca nt stay.
We ca nt use our power.
The two sisters then join hands and disappear  while Genocyber is seen lying  having seemingly been turned to stone.
The scene shifts back.
Mel is seen walking with Diana towards Genocyber s broken body.
An image appears in front of Genocyber.
Diana screams.
Diana refers to Mel as big sister.
The scene shifts back.
Who is taken.
The sect believes  and believe.
The destruction brought was a punishment from God.
Mel is God s messenger  who will prevent such destruction.
Meanwhile  Ryu makes his way up.
Where he is detained and subject.
Which he is apparently declared.
It is revealed.
Mel worries.
She is pregnant.
The city s troops then attack the sect s church  killing everyone  including Mel.
Whose bullet-riddled body lies.
Diana begs Elaine not to turn into Genocyber again  stating.
Our power has no place.
Mel   asks Diana  stating.
Who appears to be.
If she dies  the child she is carrying will never be born.
She also states.
She wants the city destroyed.
Diana warns.
Asking will unleash Genocyber.
It is too late  Genocyber awakens.
Elaine  Diana  and Mel amalgamate.
Monitors switch on and begin recording the event.
Genocyber emerges.
Genocyber then attacks the city  killing the mayor  and then all.
Soldiers attempt to stop Genocyber  but their weapons prove useless.
They too are killed.
Genocyber s rampage is over  the entire city has been left in ruins.
Whole pieces begin to tear away from the ground and rise into the air.
Genocyber rises.
Genocyber resurrects Mel and Ryu.
Mel is then torn  she and Ryu begin to slowly fall into the burning city.
Genocyber then reverts.
Images are seen superimposed against Genocyber.
It ascends.
Genocyber then flies the orbiting space station   but with no effect.
Whose defenses open fire.
Genocyber breaks and watches a repeating broadcast of Genichiro Kuryu  the former leader of the Kuryu group  ordering its forces to destroy Genocyber.
Diana s voice then calls.
Images are briefly seen.
Genocyber begins to freeze itself and the entire space station.
The station then falls out  and explodes.
It enters the atmosphere.
The last scene shows Mel   lying unconscious.
Who is no longer blind  and Ryu.
She hears Diana s voice calling  Big sister.
Mel opens her eyes.
The scene turns.
A baby is heard crying.
The screen the goes black.
Several black and white images as small children are seen.
The closing credits begin.
The ending is vague  It is not known.
What happens afterward.
There are any other survivors  if Genocyber is still alive  or if Elaine can still manifest herself as the girl seen in the first two OVAs.
Elaine  A young mute girl.
Who seems to be innocent  but when merged with her less powerful counterpart  she becomes Genocyber  capable of mass destruction as seen in all three OVAs.
Her friend was a young boy  but was unable.
Who devoted his self to protect her.
When the government agents killed him.
This causes Elaine to completely wipe out Hong Kong.
Elaine is named Laura by a young doctor  Myra.
Who once had a daughter but died in a plane accident.
Elaine is also proved to be superior.
Most include fire and flames.
Are used.
Elaine appears much as in a dormant state  confined to her dream-like world with her older sister  Diana.
It is not fully explained  but is later revealed.
Both Elaine and Diana realized that their power was nt meant to be.
They decided to go  only to be reawakened.
When Genocyber decides to destroy the City  killing everyone except for Mel and Ryu.
Genocyber then flies and destroys an orbiting space station with Kyuru s former leader on a screen  talking about the destruction of Genocyber.
It is not known.
What happens to Genocyber afterward.
It is implied.
Elaine and Diana s consciousnesses still exist  although it is unknown if Genocyber is still alive or if Elaine can ever remanifest herself as the girl seen in the first two OVAs.
Both Elaine and Diana are voiced by Akiko Hiramatsu.
Diana  Elaine s older sister.
She seems to have great power as well  but is almost nothing.
Shown. 
Diana is quite jealous.
Causes her to try to kill her sister several times  yet proves to be futile.
She merges after being dismembered  with Elaine consciously controlling the body  and does not appear again until the third OVA.
Diana appears physically older.
Her body is almost completely cybernetic  due she was born without use of her arms or legs.
Genocyber  The complete hybrid is the ultimate biological humanoid weapon.
Who is seemingly immortal and is nearly omnipotent.
It is considered a god.
It fought for 100 years.
They lay dormant underground.
The two sisters realized their mistake.
Its original appearance is a -LCB- -LCB- convert -RCB- -RCB- green creature.
It also has angel-like wings.
Appear to glow when it flies.
Its second form is much larger  taller  causing mass destruction within the City of the Grand Ark.
Its full form is a dragon-like creature.
Exactly remains a mystery.
Genocyber was created.
The story vaguely depicts Morgan Nguyen.
The two sisters possess strong psychic abilities.
Genocyber displays extremely powerful telekinetic and pyrokinetic abilities.
Genocyber is most likely intended to be an man-made analogy to the Angel Of Death  and possibly a warning of the terrible consequences.
Can occur when humans attempt to use Synthetic biology to create weapons that are.
Kenneth Reed  Claiming to be Elaine s and Diana s father  he both supports them to become a hybrid strong enough to prove the power.
He is near succession.
When Elaine suddenly escapes.
He eventually dies.
He watches his creation bloom out.
Myra  A female doctor.
Who only appears.
Myra is very protective.
When people push her around.
Myra  eventually  survives the carrier s explosion and is rescued.
Her sanity is unwell and truly lost.
Mel  A beautiful and mysterious young woman.
Who is blind and needs money  and obtains money by fortune telling with her amazing psychic abilities.
She is very calm and timid  and deeply with her boyfriend  Ryu.
They believe her to be the Messiah.
When she takes refuge.
She is depressed.
She eventually dies  but then is brought back to life by Genocyber  I want.
When she and the two sisters fuse together as she states.
This city destroyed.
She is cured at the end.
There seems to be some connection    Big sister.
They constantly communicate.
Whom Diana also calls.
Ryu  A handsome young man.
Who is Mel s boyfriend.
He aids  but does not have enough money to do so.
One day  he is to throw knives.
He accidentally kills a man and is pursued.
He is eventually caught and put.
He is later shown unconscious with Mel.
Who wakes up to find her dearest asleep.
Genichiro Kuryu  The chairman.
He was first introduced controlling a giant company.
He sends an attack on the country Karain by making the overall decision.
Genichiro has become an old man  fighting for over 100 years with Genocyber.
Was all.
He himself states .
Who created you to give you so much power.
The mysterious object was frozen and perhaps destroyed.
Dr Nguyen Morgan  Elaine and Diana s true father.
He was the first to come up.
Whose power was limitless  and tries to achieve this.
He was assisted.
Who later wanted the credit  and eventually kills Morgan.
The time and place are unknown.
They were born  with a surviving Tanya.
Nguyen Morgan appears only.
Sakomizu  A scientist.
Who wishes to surpass Morgan s research and does this.
He succeeds  but is proved to be matchless when in combat with Genocyber.
He eventually creates a second Vajura.
Was made when it was fighting his first vajura.
Sakomizu becomes insane.
He turns the entire crew Alexandria into part of the vajura.
Sakomizu is also.
He.
Who studied.
Other characters  Government Agents 1  2  & 3  These agents  2 male  and one female  are sent to retrieve Elaine and Diana.
These three agents are cyborgs.
Who have no mercy  killing people to keep their actions to capture Elaine secret.
One is killed.
They capture her.
The other 2 go insane  transforming into monstrous mechanical forms  multilating corpses  before fighting Genocyber and being destroyed Captain  Captain of the Alexandria.
He is also eventually fused  and dies in the end with the entire crew.
When Genocyber emits its great power.
Grimson Rockwell  An evil mayor.
Who is a hypocrite  and kills anyone who opposes the law.
He dies.
When Genocyber throws his parade car.
<EOS>
Mason is a homeless man.
Who loses his only friends -- a fellow homeless man and his pet dog.
Dejected  Mason attempts to commit suicide.
When a soup kitchen worker  Walter Cole  saves him.
Cole refers the man.
Who kindly offers Mason a job.
The lure of a well paying job causes Mason to accept.
Flying surrounded by hundreds of acres of woods  Mason meets the rest of the hunting party.
Of whom paid $.
The party includes Doc Hawkins  the founder.
Who specializes.
And his son  Derek Wolfe Jr.
Who is.
The first night sees all the men eating a nice dinner and engaging.
Mason receives a pack from Hawkins and learns a little history about the man.
Hawkins relays a brutal story.
When his father forced him to train and then fight his dog in being a man.
The following morning Mason is awakened by Cole.
Who explains that the men are not hunting any animals  but rather Mason himself.
Mason is given a head start.
It takes the others to eat breakfast.
Mason quickly flees the area  but comes and turns back.
The hunters finish their meal and set off.
Wolfe Jr.
Is horrified at the thought of killing a man  but is pushed into it by his father.
The hunters race off.
Mason has returned to the cabin in search of weapons.
He finds none  and instead makes the grisly discovery.
Mason decides to burn it.
The hunters quickly deduce Mason s return and pursue.
Wolfe Sr.
Enters just up the cabin and engages in a fist fight with Hawkins out back  away from the others.
Hawkins is knocked back  killing him in a fiery inferno.
Wolfe Jr.
Saves his father  and spots Mason fleeing.
The hunt resumes.
Mason begins to use his wits to beat the hunters  luring them.
Mason manages to lure Griffin away  and takes him hostage.
Mason learns.
Griffin is taking part.
Years earlier his daughter was murdered.
He s venting his rage.
Mason   relays his own tragic tale of losing his family in an apartment fire.
This leads Griffin to have a change.
Griffin reveals his decision to not continue the hunting  but is murdered by Cole to prevent any future legal conflicts.
With their numbers dwindling  the elder hunters seem more intent on killing Mason.
Mason sabotages one of their ATVs  causing it to explode  mortally wounding Cole.
Burns then asphyxiates Cole to spare him.
Wolfe Jr.
They pursue Mason.
Is killed.
When he falls.
Vows revenge.
The second night sees Wolfe Sr.
And Mason.
Fighting one with Mason the victor and Burns escaping to the city knowing that Mason will most likely be searching for him.
Days later  Burns is back  preparing to leave his current identity  hoping to escape both Mason and the legal responsibilities resulting from the disastrous hunt.
But Mason has escaped the forest  returned and tracked him down.
A quick fight ensues.
Mason chooses not to kill him.
Instead he walks away.
Burns attempts to shoot Mason.
Taking he learned from his old friend Hank  Mason had blocked the barrel of Burns  gun.
It backfires.
<EOS>
The three intercut stories are  Hero  Seven-year-old Richie shoots his father and then flies away.
Comprise Poison.
The story is told.
Horror  Told.
Is. 
Homo  The story.
Who finds himself attracted whom he had known and seen humiliated as a youth in a juvenile facility.
It is an adaptation of the Rose.
<EOS>
Uttar Pradesh-based Vishal gets a telegram.
His younger collegian brother  Arjun  is dead.
Distraught he travels  collects his brothers ashes  and finds.
That Arjun met a violent death.
He then sets out to find - not knowing.
Who killed his brother.
Soon he will be drawn.
<EOS>
It is Valentine s Day and florist.
Reed Bennett proposes.
Reed s closest friends  Alfonso Rodriguez and Julia Fitzpatrick  are nt surprised.
When Morley changes her mind and leaves Reed the same day.
A captain in the U.
S.
Army  befriends Holden Wilson.
Holden offers his limousine.
When the plane lands and Kate has to wait hours.
Kate accepts.
Julia  an elementary school teacher  has fallen with Dr Harrison Copeland  but does not know.
He is married.
Harrison tells her.
He needs to go.
Wanting to surprise him  Julia also flies  despite Reed s warnings.
Julia finds out.
He is married and gets the name.
The restaurant s owner allows her to dress.
Julia makes a scene  making Pamela suspicious.
One  Edison  orders flowers from Reed  to be sent to his teacher.
Julia suggests to give the flowers to a girl named Rani in his class.
Who has a crush.
Edison s babysitter Grace Smart is planning to lose her virginity.
The planned encounter goes awry.
When Grace s mother discovers a naked Alex  rehearsing a song he wrote for Grace.
Edison s grandparents  Edgar and Estelle Paddington are facing the troubles.
Estelle admits about an affair.
She had.
Edgar is very upset.
She is deeply sorry.
Grace s high school friends  Willy Harrington and Felicia Miller  are experiencing the freshness  and have agreed to wait to have sex.
Sean Jackson  a closeted gay professional football player  is contemplating the end with his publicist Kara Monahan and his agent Paula Thomas.
Kara is organizing her annual I Hate Valentine s Day party  but becomes interested reporter Kelvin Moore.
Who was ordered to do a Valentine s Day report.
Paula has hired a new receptionist named Liz Curran.
Who dates mail-room clerk Jason Morris.
Jason is shocked.
When Liz turns out to be moonlighting.
Liz explains.
She is only doing this because she has a $ 100000 student loan to pay off.
Jason is upset  but eventually reconciles after seeing Edgar forgive Estelle.
Sean comes out.
Holden  Sean s lover  goes back.
Kate goes home to greet her son Edison.
Willy drops Felicia off at home.
They kiss.
Kelvin and Kara hang out.
Where they later kiss.
Alfonso dines.
Grace and Alex agree to wait to have sex.
Edgar and Estelle redo  Harrison eats pizza alone.
Their marriage vows.
Pamela leaves him.
Morley tries to call Reed.
Julia and Reed begin a romantic relationship.
<EOS>
9-year-old Elias and his father are going.
Suddenly  Elias loses sight.
This is the start.
But Elias has a problem  He does nt speak German.
Elias learns.
To introduce himself  how to express feelings  names  the alphabet  the numbers from 1 to 10  and many other things  German for Kids Official Page.
<EOS>
Harold McMurphy is a Beverly Hills tour bus driver.
One day he meets Amanda Clark  an up-and-coming actress.
He falls.
Unfortunately  she mistakes him.
He allows her to believe.
Order to romance her.
He is.
<EOS>
First-time crook Sonny  his friend Sal  and a second accomplice attempt to rob the fictitious First Brooklyn Savings Bank.
The plan immediately goes awry.
When the second accomplice loses his nerve shortly after Sal pulls out his gun.
Sonny is forced to let him flee the scene.
Sonny discovers.
He and Sal have arrived.
Only $ 1100 remains in the bank.
To compensate  Sonny takes a number.
His attempt to prevent the cheques can causes smoke to billow out the side of the building  alerting the business across the street to suspicious activities.
The building is surrounded by the police.
Unsure.
What to do.
Police Detective Sergeant Eugene Moretti calls the bank to tell Sonny.
The police have arrived.
Sonny warns.
He and Sal have hostages and will kill them if anyone tries to come.
Sal tells Sonny.
He is ready to kill the hostages if necessary.
Detective Moretti acts.
FBI Agent Sheldon monitors his actions.
Howard  the security guard has an asthma attack  so Sonny releases him.
When Moretti asks.
Moretti convinces Sonny to step.
Aggressive the police forces are.
Using head teller Sylvia  Sonny exits the bank  and begins a dialogue with Moretti.
Culminates. 
They can not make a simple getaway.
A helicopter be landed to fly him and Sal out of the country.
Sonny demands.
When they re informed that the asphalt roof will not support a helicopter.
A vehicle drive him and Sal so that they can board a jet.
He also demands.
Pizzas and that his wife be brought to the bank.
He reveals for robbing.
When Sonny s wife  Leon Shermer  a pre-operative transsexual  arrives.
The bank is to pay  and that Sonny also has a legal wife  Angie  and children.
The lights all shut off.
Night sets in.
Sonny goes outside again and discovers.
Agent Sheldon has taken command.
He refuses to give Sonny any more favors.
Agent Sheldon lets a doctor through.
When the bank manager  Mulvaney  goes.
Sheldon convinces Leon to talk on the phone.
The doctor is.
The two have a lengthy conversation.
Reveals Leon had attempted suicide to get away.
He had been hospitalized.
The police brought him.
Leon turns down Sonny s offer to join him and Sal.
Wherever they take the plane.
Sonny tells police listening.
Leon had nothing to do.
The doctor asks Sonny to let Mulvaney leave.
Sonny agrees.
Mulvaney refuses  instead insisting he remain.
The FBI calls Sonny again.
They have brought his mother.
She unsuccessfully tries to persuade him to give himself up.
Agent Sheldon signals.
A limousine will arrive to take them to a waiting jet.
Sonny writes out his will  leaving money from his life insurance to Leon for his sex change and to his wife Angie.
Sonny checks it.
When the limousine arrives.
He settles to drive Sonny  Sal  and the remaining hostages to Kennedy Airport.
When he decides the car is satisfactory.
Edna is released.
The remaining hostages get.
Sonny sits.
Sal sits.
Murphy repeatedly asks Sal to point his gun.
Sal wo nt accidentally shoot him.
He again reminds Sal to aim his gun up so.
They wait into position.
He does nt fire.
Sal does so  Agent Sheldon forces Sonny s weapon  creating a distraction.
Allows Murphy to pull a revolver hidden and shoot Sal in the head.
Sonny is immediately arrested.
The hostages are all escorted.
The film ends.
Subtitles reveal  Angie and her children subsisted.
Sonny was sentenced.
Leon had sex reassignment surgery.
<EOS>
Mohammad  his wife and their five children live.
The house   is a strategic lookout point.
The Israeli army decides to seize  confining the family at night.
Mohammad refuses to leave this home and  reinforced against violence  decides to find a way to keep his family together in the house.
The Israeli soldiers move on.
<EOS>
Semahat   decides to take a journey.
Whose parents emigrated from Sarajevo many years ago.
Fatih  a film director  finds her story very interesting and wants to shoot the entire journey.
Ufuk  a friend  feels and joins to help them.
This journey will be an opportunity to leave.
He records the story.
They are headed.
The journey will make them face the dreadful truths.
When they arrive.
There is no meaning.
Who are struggling to survive.
<EOS>
Venkat Ramaiah and Kanaka Durga adopted Suguna.
Kanaka Durga s affection diminishes.
When they have their own child Varalakshmi.
Vengalappa adopts suguna.
She becomes a doctor and loves Chandram.
Chandram develops Tuberculosis and forces Suguna to marry doctor Raghunath.
Dr Raghunath expires.
Chandram is cured back.
Suguna decides to dedicate her life.
She convinces Chandram to marry Varalakshmi.
Kanaka Durga creates problems.
Suguna corrects them.
<EOS>
A day  a young girl from Port-Louis  capital of Mauritius  seen through the eyes of the cathedral.
A day face to face.
Will not be the same when an unexpected meeting brings Lina.
She is forced her to make a choice.
<EOS>
The film opens.
An old man begins chanting over a closed coffin.
The coffin opens.
A man rises.
He appears.
The mysterious proprietor advertises for employees to serve his guests.
They stay the night.
Various people begin to show up.
The storm gathers and night falls.
The proprietor allows some to stay.
Informing others that there are no vacancies.
A wealthy patron vows to get the police.
Who is turned away.
The guest book is already filled  they include a group of drunken and promiscuous bohemian motorcyclists  an adulterous couple  a suicidal man  an amorous couple  a group of thieves  and some gambling businessmen preparing a deal to bankrupt a competitor.
They arrive.
Who just finished a robbery.
The number is twelve.
The guests continue.
The night passes.
They all notice.
Their watches all display midnight and wonder how time has stopped.
They are all presented  revealing.
When they question the proprietor.
Their deaths occurred prior in the storm.
The motorcyclists are shown.
The thieves are shown shot dead after the robbery.
The corrupt businessmen are charred victims.
The proprietor informs them.
The clocks all turning was part of their eternal torment  as the absence of time is one of the key aspects of their punishment.
The proprietor then warns the guest not to anger him.
It would unleash his dark side.
The scene switches to daytime.
The wealthy man returns.
There is a cemetery with a funeral in progress.
Laughing off the incident  the man and police leave.
The coffin is the same.
Which the hostel proprietor rises.
The movie itself ends.
He ultimately turns.
The image shifts quickly.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The story revolves to bring down Chandi  a vicious dacoit.
Inspector Arjun Singh wants to destroy him to preserve the law.
Durga  Seema  Geeta and Sikandar Khan   agree to help.
Who all have reasons to seek revenge.
Arjun Singh is injured.
He saves everybody s life.
Another element involves Durga falling in love and marrying Chhalia.
But  Durga kills him.
When Durga learns that Chhalia is a traitor.
<EOS>
A post-apocalyptic Earth is inhabited mostly by the Brutals.
Who are ruled.
Eternals use other Brutals  called Exterminators.
The Exterminators worship the god Zardoz  a huge  flying  hollow stone head.
Zardoz teaches   The gun is good.
The penis is evil.
The penis shoots seeds  and makes new life to poison the Earth.
Once it was.
The gun shoots death  and purifies the Earth.
Go forth.
Kill. 
Zed  an Exterminator  secrets himself for an initially unknown purpose.
He shoots and apparently kills its pilot  Arthur Frayn.
Who has already identified himself.
The stone head containing Zed returns.
Where the immortal Eternals lead a pleasant.
Arriving  Zed meets two young  attractive female Eternals -- Consuella and May.
Overcoming him  they make him a prisoner and menial worker within their community.
Consuella wants  others  led  insist on keeping him alive for further study.
Zed destroyed immediately.
Zed learns the nature of the Vortex.
The Eternals are overseen and protected by the Tabernacle  an artificial intelligence.
The Eternals have grown bored and corrupt.
The needlessness has rendered.
The men impotent and meditation has replaced sleep.
Others fall  forming the social stratum.
The Eternals have named the Apathetics.
The Eternals spend their days stewarding mankind s vast knowledge  baking special bread from the grain deliveries and participating in communal navel gazing rituals.
To give time and life more meaning the Vortex developed complex social rules.
Whose violators are punished.
The most extreme offenders are condemned.
But any Eternals  are almost immediately reborn.
Who somehow manage to die  usually.
Is identical.
Zed is less brutal and far more intelligent.
The Eternals think he is.
Genetic analysis reveals.
He is the ultimate result.
Zardoz s aim was to breed a superman.
Who would penetrate the Vortex and save mankind.
The women s analysis earlier had revealed.
Arthur Frayn first encouraged Zed to learn to read  then leading him to the book The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
Zed finally understands the origin -- Wizard of Oz -- bringing him to a true awareness of Zardoz as a skillful manipulator rather than an actual deity.
He becomes infuriated and decides to plumb the deepest depths of this enormous mystery.
The Eternals use him to fight their internecine quarrels.
Zed divines the nature.
Led  the Eternals decide to kill Zed and to age Friend.
Zed escapes and  aided  absorbs all the Eternals  knowledge  including that of the Vortex s origin.
Order to destroy the Tabernacle.
Zed helps the Exterminators invade the Vortex and kill most.
Who welcome death.
Some few Eternals do escape the Vortex s destruction  heading out as fellow mortal beings among the Brutals.
Zardoz ends.
Zed and Consuella  dressed  then sit next to each other in the cave-like stone head and age in.
A baby boy appears  matures and leaves his parents.
The couple eventually decompose.
Finally nothing remains but painted hand-prints on the wall and Zed s Webley-Fosbery revolver.
<EOS>
Dhun comes.
His desire is to see the world.
He sets.
He comes.
An Inn called Five Daughters  run.
He decides to stay there.
He meets the daughters  and falls with the one named Pooja.
Pooja also reciprocates his love.
Both hope to marry soon.
Pahar does raise objections.
They soon are overcome.
The family come to know.
When the marriage is being planned.
Both Pooja and Dhun are related.
The relationship is.
Dhun is Pooja s maternal uncle.
<EOS>
Thalathil Dineshan is a man.
Who is.
He is burdened.
His life spirals out after his marriage to Shobha.
His insecurities are heightened and is taller than him.
His wife is exceptionally beautiful.
Initially he is overprotective.
Worsens his relationship.
He feels challenged.
Eventually leads.
Dineshan gradually resorts.
He feels  will enable him to earn the respect and admiration.
He finds a new confidante.
Who gives him reckless advice.
He starts drinking  believing.
It is a symbol.
He memorizes jokes and monotonously delivers them to his wife  so as to appear witty.
But all these attempts turn out to be pure antics.
He makes a fool.
Shobha  an archetypal Indian wife  is very much devoted and can not understand Dineshan s eccentric behaviour.
He gradually becomes paranoid and starts suspecting his wife.
He threatens the brother.
Whom he suspects.
Things spin out.
When Shobha learns everything.
He is even confined.
He appears to be a changed man.
Dineshan wins his wife back  assuring her of love and care.
Now all seem to be fine  but again in the dead of the night  almost like a Hitchcock ending.
When his wife is asleep he starts looking out.
Thus Dineshan lives up.
Whichever way his life turns.
<EOS>
Schoolleaver Phil - - finds.
Who moved with his father would be a brighter future in Stevenage.
Himself caught up.
<EOS>
Nazi spies have infiltrated the Hotel Vista del Rio  a resort.
They plan to use a radio broadcast  to transmit coded messages to their cohorts.
Doc and Wishy are stowaways.
Who steal a basket.
Rita Winslow  the hotel s owner and childhood sweetheart  hire Doc and Wishy as house detectives  and give it to Montera.
Who discover the Nazi codebook.
They are then kidnapped  and left in a room with a bomb set to explode  but manage to escape while Wishy plants the bomb in the pocket of one of the culprits.
Meanwhile  the broadcast has already begun.
Montera  refusing to participate  fights the spies.
The Texas Rangers arrive.
The spies  escape is thwarted.
When the planted bomb finally explodes.
<EOS>
Bugs Bunny arrives just his sort of place for vacation.
But lives a bumpkin buzzard and his son Elvis.
Elvis spots Bugs and decides to lure him.
Bugs notices his attempt from a tree stump.
Bugs puts his hand out to feel the carrot long enough to lure Elvis.
Elvis pulls out.
Turns out to be a long hose.
Bugs turn sends Elvis back and forth between two trees.
Elvis falls.
Bugs asks Elvis.
What is going with the snake.
Elvis panics and flies off and comes back with a rifle.
Elvis points his rifle  but misses.
When Bugs tells him there are no snakes.
Bugs inches closer and Elvis backs off.
He falls off a cliff.
He falls.
Elvis starts to have another go.
Later he realises its Bugs and shoots  Bugs diving into his rabbit hole.
Elvis points his rifle and demands Bugs come out.
Bugs refuses.
Bugs attaches some pipes.
Elvis gives Bugs the count.
Where the father buzzard is lounging.
Elvis shoots his father.
The countdown is up.
A misunderstanding makes Elvis shoot his father repeatedly  the continuity made.
<EOS>
The film takes place in a small Israeli town.
Which a young girl called Clara discovers that she has paranormal powers that allow her to predict the future.
That discovery causes mayhem.
Its people try to take advantage escape the town as her powers have discovered a leak in the nearby nuclear plant.
Clara herself has to choose.
<EOS>
He continues to live.
When Fella s father dies.
His stepfamily takes.
Fella is reduced.
He has become their butler  catering to their every whim.
Fella dreams nightly.
His father is trying to relay a message about where he has hidden his fortune.
He always awakens.
He learns the hiding place.
His stepfamily knows.
They go to try to discover its whereabouts.
They pretend to befriend him.
Order to wrangle his fortune away once it is found.
Princess Charming is in town.
The stepmother decides to throw her a lavish ball to get her to marry one of her sons.
Fella is not allowed to go.
His fairy godfather tells him.
He will not remain a people much longer  but will blossom.
Fella is turned into a handsome prince and sent to the ball in a limousine.
Count Basie is playing.
When Fella makes his grand entrance.
The young man quickly gains the attention.
The night is cut short.
When midnight strikes and Fella flees  losing his shoe.
Back home  one realizes.
Fella is the supposed prince.
They wind up  in the process discovering.
That is where Fella s father s fortune is hidden.
Fella gives the money  telling them  he only wanted a family.
He never needed money to be happy.
Shamed  his stepmother orders.
Her sons to return the money.
The Princess arrives  but Fella explains.
He is a people.
She tells him that.
She is a people too.
<EOS>
Warner Baxter portrays the wealthy  easy-going patriarch.
Falls after the death of his wife and a stock market crash that wipes out his wealth.
Recently arrived governess.
Emilie works to keep the family together.
But the boys are off to a boarding school financed by a wealthy cousin.
Emilie must return.
Adam can afford to repurchase the family estate and recall Emilie to look.
Reversing his fortunes takes several years.
The three older boys are.
As everything is getting back  One son returns with his new wife  Hester  who turns out be a conniving woman who wants to rule the roost.
She schemes to rid the home.
She seduces another son  Jack  when her husband is.
Emilie discovers the affair  but keeps quiet to preserve Adam s happiness and the brother s reputation  pretending.
She was the one involved.
Ultimately  all is discovered.
Hester receives her comeuppance.
Emilie and Adam become engaged.
All ends happily.
<EOS>
Taran is assistant.
Taran dreams  but must stop daydreaming.
His charge  the oracular pig Hen Wen  is.
The Horned King  a fearsome  skeletal  undead king  hopes.
Who wears antler horns.
She will help him find the Black Cauldron  which has the power to restore a kind to the dead  as undead slaves called the Cauldron-Born  which he will use to rule the world.
Dallben directs Taran to take Hen Wen.
The lad s negligence results by the Horned King s forces.
Taran follows them and acquires the small  pestering companion Gurgi along the way.
Taran leaves Gurgi to sneak and rescues Hen Wen.
Who flees.
He is captured himself and thrown  soon to be released by Princess Eilonwy  a girl his age.
Who is also trying to escape.
Taran and Eilonwy discover the ancient burial chamber of a king.
Where he arms himself.
It contains magic.
Allows him effectively to fight the Horned King s minions and so to fulfill his dream.
They escape the castle and are soon reunited with Gurgi.
The four stumble into the underground kingdom of the Fair Folk  small fairy-like beings.
Who reveal that Hen Wen is.
Taran resolves to go destroy it himself.
When the cheerful  elderly King Eiddileg reveals that he knows where the cauldron is.
Eilonwy  Fflewddur  and Gurgi agree to join him.
Eiddileg s obnoxious right-hand man Doli is assigned to lead them.
The Fair Folk agree to escort Hen Wen safely back.
They learn  they cause a frighted Doli to abandon the group.
The cauldron is held.
Orddu agrees to trade the cauldron.
He agrees.
He knows that to yield it will cost his chance.
The witches reveal.
The cauldron is indestructible  and that its power can be broken only.
None will do that  so it seems.
Taran has traded his sword.
Taran feels foolish to destroy the cauldron alone  but his longer companions show their belief in him.
It appears.
He and Eilonwy will kiss.
The Horned King s soldiers interrupt  finally reaching the marshes themselves.
They seize the cauldron and everyone  and return to the castle.
The Horned King uses the cauldron to raise the dead.
His Cauldron-Born army begins to pour out.
Gurgi manages to free the captives and Taran resolves to cast himself.
Gurgi stops that and advances himself instead.
The undead army collapses.
He infers the turn and throws the youth toward the cauldron.
When the Horned King spots Taran.
The cauldron s magic is out.
It consumes the Horned King and destroys the castle  using up all its powers.
The three witches come to recover the now inert Black Cauldron.
Taran has finally realized Gurgi s true friendship  however.
He persuades them to revive the wild thing for the cauldron  giving up his magical sword permanently.
Fflewddur goads the reluctant witches to go ahead and demonstrate their powers.
They do.
The four friends journey back.
Where Dallben and Doli watch them.
Dallben finally praises Taran.
<EOS>
Two young adults  Mitsuru and his girlfriend Maki  kidnap a little girl and hold her to pay off a drug-related debt.
They attempt to call the girl s parents only to find out.
They hide out.
She has been dead.
Mitsuru s friends also arrive.
Soon  members are brutally killed by an unseen force.
Is the mysterious little girl responsible  or is something far more sinister.
<EOS>
A disguised bandit steals valuable jewellery  leaving Anzaloni unharmed.
Inspector Ingravallo investigates and finds.
The robbery is suspicious.
A neighbour  Liliana Banducci  employs a servant girl  Assuntina.
Her fiance  Diomede  tries to escape.
When he sees police tailing Assuntina.
But Diomede has an alibi.
Liliana s cousin  Dr Valdarena  pays her a visit  only to find her corpse.
But  Valdarena removes an envelope addressed to him from the sideboard.
Liliana s husband Remo was away at the time of the murder.
He is very surprised to hear.
Liliana had changed her will only one week earlier.
<EOS>
Petty-criminal-gone-straight Terry Leather owns a struggling car-sales garage.
His friend  the photographer Kevin Swain s ex-girlfriend  a former model named.
Martine Love offers Terry a chance to earn enough money to never worry again  a bank robbery in Baker Street  London  where she has critical details.
Terry gathers his petty-criminal friends   a sometime pornographic actor Dave Shilling  a mechanic named Bambas  and an elegant con-man Major Guy Singer.
Terry and Martine inspect the vault and Dave case the exterior.
Scouting the branch.
The Soho gangster Lew Vogel   happens  the latter of.
Who keeps records at the same branch.
Whom has made some films.
Vogel does not immediately suspect.
Anything is amiss.
The newly-formed gang leases a leather accessories shop two lots away  and dig a tunnel under a fast-food restaurant to reach the underground bank vault.
Terry employs Eddie Burton  one  as a watchman with a walkie-talkie on a nearby roof.
Martine  once caught smuggling heroin and wanting to avoid jail  has set up the gang for this job on behalf of.
Desires the contents.
.
This box contains compromising photos.
Martine is having an affair  the photos and box belong to a black militant gangster  he uses the photos to avoid trouble with the Metropolitan Police.
Who calls himself Michael X.
MI5 is charged.
Their radio chatter draws the attention.
The gang digs.
Who realises a robbery is.
He calls the police.
Who search their ten-mile radius and listen to pin the robbery down.
Terry s crew enter and loot the vault.
Martine goes.
A suspicious Terry opens it and  upon seeing the pictures  wonders.
Martine has a hidden agenda.
Another box has many photos  including a minister  in compromising positions in a local S&M brothel.
The gang takes these.
Terry arranges to be safe  throwing off.
Had intended to intercept them.
Guy and Bambas escape over the photos  she explains the unfolding predicament.
The police -- corrupt ones receiving payoffs and honest ones -- began separate investigations.
The robbery discovered.
MI5 continues their search.
Also joining the search is Vogel  an organised crime figure worried about the contents of his ledger.
Lists payoffs he made.
He informs Michael X.
The Royal ` portraits  have gone missing.
Michael X becomes suspicious.
Who is sleeping and has travelled with him and Jamal to Trinidad.
Recalling the chance encounter before the robbery  Vogel has him tortured for information.
Dave breaks and Vogel s associates go.
Meanwhile  a senior government minister  Lord Drysdale  is shown photos in the brothel run by Sonia Bern  given by Terry to Tim and then to MI5 Executive Director Miles Urquhart  Drysdale and Urquhart agree to cooperate in absolving the robbers and securing them safe passage  in exchange for covering up the mess.
Meanwhile  MI5 issues a D-Notice forbidding press reports.
Police simultaneously release recordings.
Someone will recognise the voices.
These recordings are heard by Terry s young daughters   her worries over Terry s absence increase.
Who tell their mother.
Vogel s accomplice  corrupt Detective Gerald Pyke  shoots Dave and threatens to shoot Eddie.
Vogel gets his ledger back.
Vogel agrees to meet him at Paddington Station in London.
Meanwhile  Guy and Bambas are murdered.
Michael X has Gale killed by associates.
Terry has Kevin give updates  the officer in charge of the investigation  citing knowledge of corrupt officers under Vogel s control.
He convinces Vogel to go  offering him the ledger in return for Eddie s safe return.
Terry heads.
Martine meets Tim  her original contact  overlooking the scene.
Vogel and his corrupt police arrive  but recognise the MI5 agents and run.
The deputy head negotiated for the photos of the princess.
Terry then chases Vogel and in a fight knocks out Vogel and his thugs.
Detective Given  officer  arrives to see the robbers arrested.
He speaks.
Who direct police to let the bank robbers go.
Terry gives the ledger to.
Eddie leave the scene.
Vogel and the corrupt officers are arrested instead.
Everett personally supervises Michael X s arrest  and has Gale s remains exhumed for reburial in Britain.
The final scenes have Terry and Martine saying.
Terry and his reunited family enjoying a carefree life off a sunny beach.
The epilogue states.
The revelations forced many government officials to resign.
Scotland Yard investigates the corrupt officers named.
It notes.
Michael X was hanged that his personal files are kept hidden in the British National Archives until.
The National Archives catalogue shows six files relating.
Of which were made public before the film was made.
Unreleased files appear.
Still retricted  but there is none.
Vogel is imprisoned.
Were unrelated.
The murderers have never been found.
About  4 million were stolen from the robbery.
At least 100 safety-deposit box owners neither claim insurance nor identify the items.
<EOS>
Anahat is set.
C.
It revolves.
Who is unable to father an heir.
Who is forced to choose a potent mate night.
But   she ends up enjoying the sexual act.
The queen is ordered to merely produce an heir.
Her overt demand thickens the plot.
<EOS>
Kate has been working a job and saving up to go.
She does nt like.
She discovers.
She s pregnant.
Her boyfriend is.
She and her boyfriend Paul disagree not to settle down.
She drives all day.
She learns the next day.
Paul has died.
She reaches the factory.
It appears.
Though Paul ought not have been and appears suicidal.
Years later Kate has moved on.
Her new boyfriend is David.
She has chosen to raise the child.
Who has grown to be a four year old whom she has named Megan.
Kate gets admission.
David asks her.
She s settled when she wanted to go to medical school.
They have a minor argument.
Which she accuses David did nt do much either.
Kate and David are getting over up.
David talks.
He s had.
Megan is swept away.
David jumps.
Kate follows and jumps.
Kate gets separated.
Kate is then swept ashore and saved.
She awakens to discover.
She has gone back to before Paul s accident.
She slowly gets used.
Paul is her boyfriend.
She extracts a promise to never go near the factory and to marry her soon.
Paul leaves early the next morning to goto his retreat to have time to himself to think it over.
David and Kate get worried and go off.
They do not find him.
She learns.
David wanted to make it big.
She discovers.
David has feelings when he says he s not going to miss anything if he dies.
He s terrified.
What he misses if he lives.
She asks to be dropped at the factory.
David returns home  and tells a frantic Paul.
She s.
Paul goes to get her.
Kate discovers.
The fire was started.
She gets hurt with explosions.
Paul arrives  however he gets fatally hurt.
More blasts occur.
Kate tries to drag Paul  but eventually has to save her own life.
She sees.
Her other self arrive.
Her memory fades.
The next thing is.
She knows.
She s.
Kate is again swept ashore.
The river patrol police find her.
She awakens and knows and understands all.
She is back.
David confirms.
Megan is safe.
She confronts the acquaintance.
He asks her.
She did nt tell anyone.
Kate has now learned.
One can not change the past.
One can decide.
To live on to living happy with David and Megan.
<EOS>
Cinderella s mice friends Gus and Jaq race to a chamber.
Where the Fairy Godmother is reading the story to the other mice.
Much arrive.
As the Fairy Godmother has finished the story.
The mice set off to make a new book to narrate  by stringing three segments of stories together into one narrative.
What happens Ever After.
Cinderella is put.
The King and Prince Charming are away.
However  the princess realizes.
She is dissatisfied.
Cinderella persuades everyone in the palace and not everything has to agree with traditional ways.
Everyone  including the commoners  should be allowed to participate in the next royal banquet.
The mice add.
Story gets some magical help from the Fairy Godmother opening a bottle of ink.
Proclaiming  Gus reminds him.
He does not like that magic stuff.
Looking to impress Mary  a mouse  Jaq allows the Fairy Godmother to tell his story.
Who Jaq loves.
One  Jaq  thinks.
He is too small to help Cinderella like he did in the first movie.
The Fairy Godmother shows up to help him out  and turns him.
He can help out.
However  this does not stop Pom Pom  the palace s snobby cat.
Who became the mice s new nemesis as soon as they moved  from chasing Jaq around.
He is named Sir Hugh.
Trying to tell Cinderella that he is now human.
He learns to be happy for.
Who he is.
It is also made evident.
Jaq is with another mouse named Mary and that Pom Pom belongs to the same woman who was terrified of Jaq.
One inadvertently spills magic dust onto the art supplies  causing them to become animated.
The supplies begin to almost destroy the nearly completed book.
The Fairy Godmother puts a stop.
They reminisce.
The mice survey the mess.
Jaq tells them.
Anastasia fell.
Anastasia  Cinderella s stepsister  falls with a kind but common baker.
Her mother Lady Tremaine and older sister Drizella are not too happy.
They still want her to marry a rich man  and convince her to forget and say  Anastasia ignores Tremaine s warning.
Everything is inferior.
Meanwhile  Lucifer starts chasing Cinderella s mice.
Anastasia is kicked.
When she and the baker meet  and is mortified when she crashes.
However  Cinderella finds out and tries to push her and the baker together.
Lucifer enters the palace and continues to chase Cinderella s mice.
He falls in love with Pom Pom despite her disliking him.
The mice help their old nemesis fall with Pom Pom  that is.
Lucifer promises to stop chasing mice.
Pom Pom goads Lucifer.
When Lucifer and Pom Pom get together.
The mice push a bucket of water on Pom Pom.
She leaves Lucifer.
The baker  meanwhile  asks Anastasia.
Her mother and Drizella disapprove.
Anastasia stays and falls in love.
The mice finish their book.
They sing a reprise.
They chase in an attempt to give her the book.
She asks them.
When they catch up.
What it is  Gus telling her is a book.
Cinderella thinks and asks.
It is wonderful.
The mice would like to read it together.
They gather.
Cinderella begins to read.
<EOS>
Christine is the maid.
Her sister  Lea is hired.
The two sisters become increasingly alienated  separated by barriers between the classes.
To turn experiencing much jealousy as to her sister s interest in anyone else.
The tension ultimately leads.
<EOS>
Lepisto meets.
A man who shows him a map  showing an X mark at the spot where he claims is gold.
Lepisto believes the man and shows the map.
Lepisto and Ervasti travel.
Where they manage to find a couple.
They travel back to lay official claim on the find site but are told.
It has already been claimed.
Finally a large gold rush starts.
<EOS>
The films opens.
She thinks back.
She sits down inside.
Was held there 13 years before.
A banquet set.
However the 13th guest never arrived.
Now  13 years later  the 12 attending guests are being murdered and set once again.
<EOS>
Chinese exorcist One-Eyebrow Priest leads a peaceful life together with a naughty mini vampire.
The priest encounters a European vampire.
Finding new water sources one day.
Who is aided.
His Chinese exorcism fails.
The priest manages to get rid.
<EOS>
Izzy discovers a virus infected Digi-Egg and rushes over to Tai s apartment to inform him about the newly-hatched Digimon  Kuramon.
About six months after the DigiDestined departed.
Tai and Izzy monitor him  horrified all the while consuming large amounts.
Kuramon rapidly digivolves.
Gennai appears  warning them about the dangers of his growth.
He dispatches Agumon and Tentomon to stop the corrupted Digimon.
Keramon digivolves  and easily defeats the Champion and Ultimate forms of Tentomon and Agumon  revealing.
Keramon completely skipped and digivolved straight to his Ultimate level.
Tai furiously tries to alert the rest  but succeeds enlisting only the help of brothers Matt and T.
K.
Agumon and Gabumon Warp Digivolve  prompting Infermon to Digivolve into Diaboromon.
They slow down and are severely beaten.
Who are watching the battle.
Diaboromon begins to duplicate himself and sets up a timer  one headed for Colorado  the other for the Tai s own neighborhood in Odaiba  Tokyo.
He forces the Pentagon to launch two nuclear missiles.
Unable to accept defeat.
Tai and Matt become digital and enter their computers to revive their Digimon.
Their bond is so strong.
WarGreymon and MetalGarurumon gain the ability to Omnimon.
Who easily defeats all but the original Diaboromon.
To go.
Izzy forwards him the massive amount to slow him down.
Omnimon impales Diaboromon through the head  disabling the missiles and killing him.
Unfortunately  the virus tracks down Willis and infects Kokomon.
Visiting Mimi.
K.
Wendigomon cryptically insists to go back  to.
He interprets.
Kari  believing him to be  e-mails Davis Motomiya and the other Digidestined for help in hopes of assembling in Colorado.
Unfortunately  T.
K.
Meanwhile   Davis  Yolei Inoue  and Cody Hida meet Willis in a truck.
The ride leaves  however  Davis devises a plan to get themselves to Colorado faster with the help of Raidramon.
When Willis tries to get their group transportation.
Davis  Yolei  and Cody began to question Willis  knowledge about Wendigomon.
Hesitantly  Willis reveals.
He   tried to create a digi-egg after experiencing the joys of having his twin Digimon.
However  a virus attacked the egg.
Mutated. 
The virus tracked down Willis and infected Kokomon.
Willis assumes full responsibility.
However  Davis and Terriermon convince him to let them help.
They are friends and are.
The next morning  Wendigomon expectedly reappears  but Digivolves to Antylamon and easily defeats the DigiDestined.
He proceeds to eat their Digimon  but T.
Digivolved. 
K.
And Kari arrive to provide back-up with Angemon and Angewomon.
Angry  Cherubimon.
The Digimon then de-ages the Digidestined  revealing that he wanted Willis to go back to when the virus first attacked him.
To combat him  Angewomon and Angemon Digivolve  to release two Golden Digi-Eggs for Willis and Davis.
Veemon and Terriermon Golden Armor Digivolve and allow themselves to be swallowed by Cherubimon.
They see a manifestation of Wendigomon s true self.
Who begs them to destroy the virus.
Cherubimon is purified  but succumbs to his injuries and dies.
Willis and Terriermon walk back home to find Kokomon s Digi-egg on the beach.
<EOS>
Return is the one of two 1960 Indian movies based on the superhero  the other simply titled Superman.
They were both completely separate tellings of the Superman saga put out by production companies.
Return begins with a farmer.
Who witnesses the crash.
Crawls a little boy.
Who the farmer and his wife adopt.
The boy grows up to become a newspaper reporter and  unbeknownst to his co-workers  doubles as the flying hero.
When a group arrive.
Jairaj plays Superman.
He does well enough.
When playing his mortal Kent Clark-like character.
He was a leading man but looked young enough still to be playing the lead well into the.
His superhero costume is made up  looking more like someone getting ready for a mustard gas attack.
The Lois Lane character  here named Usha  is portrayed.
Ramani had a promising start in the mid 50s playing the leading lady in Taxi Driver and NAUKARI.
Her slide down with films like Mumtaz Mahal and Jungle King.
She had left films.
Return is more a curiosity then a real entertainer.
The plot is.
The fight scenes are so poorly done.
To be almost childish.
Even the musical numbers are unmemorable.
Special effects are.
That is part of the charm of Bollywood fantasy films.
<EOS>
Ramunni is a local patriarch.
Who helps out the needy money.
Neelakantan is the local lad.
Has borrowed petty amounts from Ramunni earlier and has not been able to repay him.
This time borrows some money from Ramunni by pleding his wife Savithri s golden Aranjaanam.
However  the aranjaanam brings a hell lot of problems for Ramunni and his unsuspecting wife - Sarojini.
Ramunni starts getting obsessed and consequently with Savithri herself.
He starts losing interest.
Is. 
The aranjaanam becomes the bone and puts the life of Ramunni in doldrums.
What the short story is all about.
<EOS>
I Was A Teenage Frankenstein s Roommate.
Is the story.
Peggy and her boyfriend Dwight are.
Dwight s friend Hiram hijacks the house and uses it.
He names Monster.
His class rival Lionel Kerr is trying to prevent this and win the science fair himself.
Clerval co-opts control to make things turn out in his favor and wackiness ensues.
<EOS>
Jack tells his estranged wife Adrienne.
Picking up his son and daughter.
He still loves her and wants to move back home.
Adrienne suggests.
His remorse is due  but in any event says she needs time and space to think.
The rift is palpable.
This causes.
Typical teenage angst and rebellion follow.
Adrienne is sure.
She is losing her daughter.
Adrienne drives to look after a friend s bed-and-breakfast for the weekend.
She s away.
The house is rustic  romantic  and right.
The only guest is a very TYPE A personality surgeon.
Who arrives.
He has flashbacks.
Ended tragically.
The family   is suing him.
Who live.
The husband wrote  this is.
What brings him.
A storm moves in.
The two team up to protect the inn.
They dine together  share stories.
Eventually turn.
A genuine romance is born.
Paul opens up to the patient s widower and in doing.
Faces his own pain.
Paul carries guilt  but with he had decided to go down to South America to salvage his relationship with his son.
Paul is now very reluctant to leave Adrienne and Rodanthe.
He knows.
He must go Mark who left his stressful practice with his workaholic dad to become a physician there.
Adrienne and Paul exchange numerous handwritten letters expressing their longing to be with each other once again.
Adrienne and Paul were to finally reunite.
Unfortunately  Paul had been killed.
His son  Mark  arrives the following day with a box of Paul s personal belongings  as well as gratitude to Adrienne for giving him back the father.
He knew when he was a child.
Adrienne is seen struggling.
What appears to be days or weeks.
Eventually  her daughter is able to coax the story.
This is a turning point.
It allows Adrienne to begin to deal.
She tells her daughter the story and encourages her daughter to seek that out for herself someday.
Adrienne finally is granted a respite.
When   she looks up to see a small herd of magnificent wild horses go thundering on by her.
She  her children and her best friend walk down.
Where Adrienne and Paul had danced.
Adrienne was finally able.
<EOS>
It involves voice-actor.
Whose blind girlfriend Hae-ju suddenly receives surgery to regain her eyesight.
Having lied to Hae-ju  the beastly Dong-gun chooses to undergo extreme measures to change his appearance  while promising.
He will return soon.
Meanwhile  Hae-ju bumps.
Whose appearance is how Dong-gun described himself to Hae-ju -- and mistakes him.
Hilarity ensues.
Dong-gun finds himself struggling to hold.
He loves.
<EOS>
The American oil company KIK Corporation is building an ice road to explore the remote northern Arctic National Wildlife Refuge seeking energy independence.
Independent environmentalists work together  approving procedures and sending reports of the operation.
The environmentalist James Hoffman suspects.
When one team member is found dead and naked.
Sour gas may have been leaked out.
The sour gas might then be provoking hallucinations and insanity.
He convinces Ed to travel with the team to a hospital for examination.
However  weird events end up trapping the group.
One presently opines.
Nature itself has turned.
Documentation and research found suggest.
The Earth is releasing ` The Last Winter.
This implies.
The rapacious  virus-like behavior has resurrected the ` ghosts  of the fossil-fuels being siphoned out of the ground.
The chief catalyst here is allegedly the Spirit.
These ghosts and other bizarre occurrences kill off most.
Hoffman must decide.
Whether to fire a flare gun  or up into the air to summon help from a nearby town  opting for the latter.
This action causes the apparition to focus.
It grabs him and carries him off.
The scene then segues.
Interrupt themselves long enough to reveal Pollack being attacked and presumably killed.
The ending scene is that.
A news anchorman is broadcasting over a television.
She discovers a male employee.
Who has committed suicide.
She proceeds outside.
The camera s perspective switches.
Gives away very little.
There are pools nearby.
She hears car alarms and the sound of the wind  as well as a fluttering noise similar to that made by the murderous ghost creatures further north in the Alaskan snow fields.
<EOS>
The Five Lucky Stars  one  are assigned by the police to allow an actress to live with them.
The actress has information.
Assassins are sent.
Ricky and Swordflower are to stay to capture the assassins.
The Stars chase the attractive woman around the house.
Their efforts are largely unsuccessful.
The three assassins eventually end up at a recreation building to take down Swordflower  but coincidentely Kidstuff and his friends are there.
They recognize one  with help from the actress.
Muscle and Ricky arrive.
A showdown takes place  eventually ending.
The police and a large ensemble arrive to congratulate them.
<EOS>
The film is shot.
If extraterrestrials were making a documentary.
A voice-over gives the analysis.
This external point allows to analyze the human behavior.
The aim is to make the beholder think.
Two couples are studied  the husband are trapped into an invisible cage.
The two others are studied.
Extraterrestrials are doing experiments.
<EOS>
Sekhar  a wealthy man  goes to comfort his friend.
He is impressed.
The two fall in love.
Sekhar goes abroad.
They plan to marry  however  his elders consider marrying him.
He returns.
Sekhar s plane crashes and everyone believes him dead.
Sharada s father looks.
One day he visits their house and discovers the condition.
He and the elders think.
If Sharada is married  the family will be taken care of  so Sharada marries him.
It turns out.
Sekhar had escaped alive.
He meets Sharada.
He gets angry.
When he finds out to his father.
Sharada is also upset  but controls her emotions.
Sekhar becomes an alcoholic.
To get him out  he marries Lakshmi.
Lakshmi later learns and starts harassing Sekhar  forcing him to leave the house.
Sharada finds Sekhar unconscious near a temple and gets him to the house.
Sharada prays and fasts for Sekhar s wellbeing.
Finally  Sekhar and Sharada die.
<EOS>
Two children move.
Where their grandfather has just died.
They later discover.
A society are searching for their grandfather s lost soul.
The children decide to find the soul but then find out.
An evil ghost has stolen it.
The children join forces.
Who search  to find the soul and destroy the evil ghost.
They discover.
The evil ghost was really a misunderstood inventor whose wife was killed with one of his inventions.
The townspeople thinks he murdered her.
He ultimately captures the Soul Patrol.
The children manage to get him to stop.
He releases all and finally moves on.
The children and their father return home to find the grandfather s spirit waiting.
He reveals.
The dad spend a couple hours catching up.
The grandfather finally moves.
The family decides to stay.
Is changing.
<EOS>
Choking Man is an intense blend and magical realism.
Encapsulates the contemporary immigrant experience.
Jorge is a morbidly shy Ecuadorian dishwasher toiling away diner run by Rick.
He works all day long.
Hangs. 
Jorge gropes mutely for a bond with Amy  the newly hired Chinese waitress.
The gulf may be too large.
Though she tries to reciprocate.
Separates them.
He is continually tormented by his coworker Jerry and at home in his Harlem boarding  under the psychological control of his late uncle.
Who was truly to him.
His uncle was described.
He battles his inner demons.
Set  Choking Man captures the feeling of claustrophobia and almost literal asphyxiation newcomers to America experience.
They struggle to find a place and purpose.
<EOS>
Luis Forest  an aging Falangist writer  has retired to devote himself to review his past  write his memoirs and ruminate over his failed marriage.
He feels guilty and lives in virtual isolation in his large house accompanied only by his dog and Tesla  the housekeeper.
His isolation is suddenly interrupted.
Young and wildly carefree  Mariana has arrived to interview her uncle about the biographical book.
He s writing.
The reportage would appear.
Where she works.
Mariana has not seen her uncle and is happy in his company.
She has arrived.
They shake up Luis  staid world.
Mariana and Elmyr have a close relationship  they argue frequently  smoke some drugs together.
It is evident.
They are lovers.
Elmyr paints golden panties.
Mariana s mother calls Luis to warn him.
Her daughter is.
She also tells Luis.
Sole has died unexpectedly.
There is not need.
Him to worry since Sole has already been buried.
Their four children do not want to see him.
Flashbacks  tell the story.
When he was young.
He was smitten.
He was first courting Mari  but one dark night  he made love to Sole thinking.
It was her sister.
That eventually led him to marry Sole.
Their marriage was not happy.
She ended up leaving her husband years ago.
The other sister  Mariana s mother.
Which she was drinking a lot.
However   she married  Jose Maria Tey  Luis  close friend.
The past is more fiction.
Luis is preserving.
He is rewriting the facts  inventing many and softening many more.
His book is full of lies.
His niece soon discovers when she offers him to type the manuscript.
Slowly  Mariana s taunting and teasing breaks.
She becomes more interested.
That happens.
Elmyr is not really a man.
Mariana and Elmyr have male lovers.
Who they bring.
One night   Luis expels Elmyr.
Mariana is out.
Mariana is initially very upset.
She calms down kowing.
Elmyr is safe.
Alone  Mariana begins a game of seduction until Luis succumbs.
It is revealed.
When Mariana s mother comes to visit  worried.
Mariana is.
Luis feels guilty.
They have had.
<EOS>
The film tells the story of the Rowan family  Bill  his sisters Sue and Dawn  and his parents Grace and Clive  living in a suburb of London.
Clive joins the army  leaving Grace alone to watch over the children.
The war starts.
Seen  the fireworks provided by the Blitz every night are as exciting.
They are terrifying.
His family do not see things.
The bombs continue to drop.
Their will to survive brings them closer together.
The nightly raids do not provide the only drama  however   becomes pregnant.
His older sister  Dawn  falls.
Finding her life turned upside down  soon discovers the value.
The family eventually moves.
When their house burns down.
This provides an opportunity to spend more time with his curmudgeonly grandfather.
<EOS>
Ryno de Marigny   makes a last visit to La Vellini  his Spanish mistress  to bid goodbye in an act of lovemaking.
His liaison is the subject of the Parisian gossip.
She wants to hear about this relationship.
Hermangarde s grandmother gives her blessing.
Ryno reveals a tempestuous story but indicates  he now is.
His ten year romance is over.
The newlyweds move away to a castle at the seashore.
They are happy.
Soon Hermangarde conceives.
But the last/old mistress reappears.
She is not to be rejected.
Ryno tries to keep her out.
Hermangarde finds out.
<EOS>
Hell s Kitchen are flying.
Francis Sullivan s younger brother Sean  dead  has reappeared.
Then old scores still need settling  putting both Francis and Sean.
He was nt killed.
An upstart is pressuring the local mob boss   Sean s wife  Grace  an Afro-Latino  believes and has gotten on.
Who s Francis s protector.
She s a widow.
Sean has come back.
The parish priest  part  is frightened.
Bad guys are closing in.
Can Francis get Sean and his wife  avoid a war between rival factions  and hold onto new-found morality.
And they head out.
Francis stays behind to stop Moran.
The film closes.
He is shot down.
When he steps outside later.
He dies.
The sniper leaves the scene.
The police arrives.
<EOS>
Liu Pingguo and her husband  An Kun are a young migrant couple.
Who have moved for a better life.
Pingguo and An Kun live.
An Kun works.
His wife works as a foot masseuse.
Golden Basin is owned and operated  and himself from Guangdong Province.
His wife  Wang Mei practices Chinese medicine.
Very soon  the two couples find themselves headed.
She is quickly fired.
When Pingguo s best friend  Xiao Mei  assaults a customer.
Pingguo  wishing to commiserate  takes her friend out and promptly becomes drunk.
Returning  she passes out in an empty office.
Lin Dong  seeing the vulnerable Pingguo attempts to make a pass.
Quickly turns.
Furious begins a campaign of harassment against Lin Dong  defacing his Mercedes Benz  and attempting to blackmail him for .
An Kun goes directly.
When Lin Dong ignores the furious husband.
Who  seduces the naive window washer.
Soon  it is discovered.
Liu Pingguo is pregnant  though neither An Kun nor Lin Dong can be certain.
Lin Dong  however  sees an opportunity to make things right with his barren wife as well as to settle things with Pingguo and her husband once and for all.
Soon  the two husbands have concocted a scheme.
Wherein An Kun initially receives .
He will go home.
The child has Lin Dong s blood type.
An Kun will receive .
No money is exchanged.
However  the baby is An Kun s.
Pingguo and An Kun keep the baby.
Moreover   half will go to Wang Mei in a divorce proceeding.
Lin Dong again sleeps.
Pingguo remains conspicuously silent.
Lin Dong becomes more and more attached.
The baby is carried.
He will at last be a father.
An Kun discovers.
When the baby is born however.
It is indeed his child.
Unable to turn down the money  he manages to convince Lin Dong.
It is his son  allowing him to collect the .
An Kun grows increasingly jealous.
Seeing how happy Lin Dong is.
An Kun attempts to repurchase his child.
Which Lin Dong promptly refuses.
Pingguo   at last has had enough.
Who had moved after the birth as a nursemaid.
Quietly  she gathers the money.
An Kun had returned  and taking her child  walks out the door.
The film then ends.
The two men  Lin Dong and An Kun  attempt to search  only to have their car break down on a busy Beijing highway.
<EOS>
<EOS>
She becomes caught up.
When American schoolteacher Harriet Winslow goes to work as a governess for the Miranda family.
Mexicans transporting her actually belong to a unit of Pancho Villa s army.
They use her luggage to smuggle weapons at the Miranda hacienda.
Who in turn aid the attacking revolutionary army.
A sardonic Old Gringo   joins in the fighting on the side of the revolution  operating the track switch.
Who is really American author Ambrose Bierce.
Ensures a railroad flatcar laden with explosives reaches its target.
Winslow becomes romantically smitten alternately.
The Miranda hacienda is taken.
Bierce has come to die in anonymity  feeling.
His fifty years have won him praise only for his style  not for the truth that he s tried to tell.
Arroyo   has returned to the hacienda.
Where he was born.
His father was actually a Miranda.
Who had raped his peasant mother.
Later   Arroyo murdered his father.
Arroyo becomes obsessed and  transfixed by childhood memories of his family buried there  fails to move his army.
His army enjoys luxuries they have never known.
When ordered.
To snap Arroyo  thus averting a mutiny of his officers  Bierce burns papers.
The illiterate Arroyo considers sacred -- papers that supposedly entitle the peasants.
But Arroyo responds.
Bierce dies.
Winslow later goes.
S.
Embassy to claim Bierce s body and bring it back to the United States  saying.
It is that.
This puts Villa because a U.
S.
Citizen was murdered.
So  wishing to avoid American meddling  he has Winslow sign a statement.
Her father had joined the revolution and was executed  as was General Arroyo who had shot him  and that she witnessed both executions.
She signs the statement  is provided the execution of Arroyo.
<EOS>
Every week  Virgil dreams Ernest telling him about his earlier life as a boxer.
And every week he dreams.
This week  his father announces.
He will finally come to see his son fight.
One problem  Virgil has not been boxing.
<EOS>
Six-year old Hushpuppy lives in a bayou community on an island surrounded by rising water.
They all refer as the Bathtub.
Hushpuppy listens.
All living things have a heartbeat.
They all speak.
She can not understand.
They re just hungry.
Hushpuppy rides a makeshift raft and looks at the factories in the distance.
Are. 
Hushpuppy  her father  and the inhabitants  a place beyond the levee  have more holidays.
Where people play various instruments and scream.
Separated. 
However  a storm is approaching.
Hushpuppy thinks but she stays to be joyous as long.
Bathtub will be destroyed.
She s.
A local teacher  Miss Bathsheba lectures several children  and points out a tattoo on her thigh.
Depicts cavemen and beasts called Aurochs.
The Aurochs are relentless creatures and devour humans but Hushpuppy explains.
All the Aurochs are frozen now.
However  Miss Bathsheba explains.
Ice caps will melt.
The Bathtub washed away and tells the children.
They all have to learn how to survive and take care.
Hushpuppy returns home and waits but she arrives late.
She makes dinner.
She ponders.
She would have a beautiful voice.
Wink arrives home dressed and yells at her to go home.
Angered  Hushpuppy heads home and turns up the stove.
A fire starts in her home.
She hides.
Wink comes.
Their house burns down.
Hushpuppy runs out.
Where she is chased.
He catches her and screams.
She is defiant and stubborn.
Wink slaps her.
She falls.
Hushpuppy gets up and curses and punches Wink.
Which he falls.
Hushpuppy hears a storm coming.
Meanwhile  the scene shifts.
Where a piece falls into the ocean.
That fell off  is an Auroch.
Hushpuppy chances.
Who makes some kind and instructs her to quickly give it to Wink.
She returns home and hides.
The medicine has left.
The next day  many people seem to be preparing to leave  packing their belongings  due to the incoming storm.
It is implied.
Wink has had alcohol.
It s clear.
He is an alcoholic.
The two head home and divides the house.
Where Wink tells Hushpuppy not to mind.
Wink   attempts to scare the storm by shooting at the clouds.
The storm has devastated the Bathtub.
Where everywhere is flooded.
Most are destroyed.
The two sail off and look for other people.
He realizes.
Wink is searching.
Hushpuppy is hungry.
He then tries to teach her.
To catch a fish.
Where he tells her to punch the fish s head really hard.
She looks hesitant.
Wink tells Hushpuppy on and in one incident.
Pretty she is.
She killed an alligator that crept up.
Luckily  Hushpuppy s mom came and shot the alligator.
The next day  Wink sails off.
Hushpuppy states.
There are several people that are probably dead.
They would hold a Bathtub-style funeral.
Where no crying is allowed.
She also states.
The universe is comprised and as soon as one of those pieces falls apart  the universe unravels.
Hushpuppy is being taught.
To crack open a crab.
Wink tells her to stop.
Wink then grabs the crab  breaks it  and eats some of it.
He then tells Hushpuppy to Beast it  Eventually the whole group is chanting Beast it.
The remaining residents form a community a few houses together.
Many wonder.
It s time to leave the area.
Miss Bathsheba states.
The people will just put them in a shelter.
They also all realize.
Everything is going to die soon since the area is flooded.
This community continues and sees Wink and two of his friends with a dead alligator.
When Hushpuppy wakes up.
Getting ready to sail off.
Wink comes over and tells her.
He s going to get everything back.
Wink and his friends sail off.
We see.
What their plan is.
Wink sticks some dynamite and hands the trip wire to one of his friends.
They sail up and plant the alligator bomb at the wall.
Unfortunately  Wink s friend lost the trip wire.
It s somewhere.
Miss Bathsheba wakes up and realizes.
All is occurring.
Something is wrong since the three men are gone.
She quickly gets off.
Unknown.
Hushpuppy snuck and is hiding under a pile of net.
Miss Bathsheba sails up and finds the trip wire.
She yells and throws the trip wire aside.
Hushpuppy quickly grabs it and emerges.
Everybody freezes.
Hushpuppy holds the trip wire.
Miss Bathsheba tells her not to do anything.
Wink tells her to pull it.
Hushpuppy pulls it.
The wall falls apart.
The water drains.
Everybone goes on.
The Bathtub is not the same.
Hushpuppy notices.
When Wink is asleep.
He shudders when he is asleep and is obviously sick.
She grabs.
She d hidden and puts it.
He gets up and breaks the jar containing the medicine.
Hushpuppy then starts throwing things  as well.
Wink begins to throw more things.
Then they eventually start to have fun and throw stuff.
Later  Wink has to lie down.
Where Hushpuppy asks if he is going to die.
He states.
He is nt going to die yet  whenever it happens  she would need to fend.
She ll have to be leader and perhaps the last resident.
He tells her to be the man.
The two then fall asleep.
Together as Hushpuppy lays  listening to his heartbeat.
The Aurochs have started to approach.
They are big and strong enough to plow.
They are ruthless enough to eat their own parents when they re hungry.
The next day  however  a number have arrived at the Bathtub and tells all the residents.
They need to be evacuated.
A doctor comes up and tells Wink.
They are being taken care of.
His condition is serious.
Wink yells and tells the doctor not to say this in front of Hushpuppy.
Hushpuppy overheard some.
Wink and the doctor talk farther away.
Who s gon na die if he does not get the surgery.
We see him trying to get out of bed.
The doctors wo nt let him.
They give him some pills.
He goes to sleep.
Wink spits out the pills and gets out.
The doctors leave.
He tells Hushpuppy.
They are leaving.
It turns out.
The residents have been planning an escape for a while.
The residents get out and get on a bus.
Wink gets left out.
Hushpuppy tells then to stop.
She runs out.
Where Wink tells her that he is going to die where Hushpuppy cries.
Wink admits.
He s going to die and that he ca nt take care anymore.
Wink eventually gives in and goes back with the others while coughing up blood.
Meanwhile  Hushpuppy  along  swim towards the light in the distance.
Where Hushpuppy thinks her mom is but is eventually get picked up.
They eventually arrive and are greeted by several women.
Hushpuppy chances.
Who thinks.
The woman then leads Hushpuppy and begins to cook some alligator.
Hushpuppy remembers.
When her mom made her alligator.
She tells Hushpuppy.
The woman is cooking.
One day she s going to have to stand up.
The woman then hands the alligator dish.
Hushpuppy tells the woman she is always welcome to stay.
She wants to stay and bring her  but does nt know anything about him  although the woman tells her.
Hushpuppy and the girls arrive back.
Who have also arrived.
The Aurochs starts chasing them.
Hushpuppy remains intact.
She turns around and stares.
When one Auroch gets close.
Suddenly  all the Aurochs stop.
Hushpuppy and the Auroch stare.
She thinks the Auroch is her friend.
The Aurochs soon flee making.
Hushpuppy realize that she has to take care.
Hushpuppy goes home to see Wink.
Who is getting worse.
She feeds him the alligator dish and remarks.
The woman had given her.
It s good.
The two begin to cry.
Where he tells her not to cry.
Hushpuppy cries more.
She puts her head and listen to his last heartbeats.
Wink dies.
Hushpuppy places Wink s body it on fire along with other residents of the Bathtub.
Who are saddened.
Next  Hushpuppy leads a group  walking down a road.
She restates.
One day  the future scientists will find evidence.
<EOS>
Grouchy  stubborn  and egotistical Professor Isak Borg is a widowed 78-year-old physician.
Who specialized.
He served as general practitioner in rural Sweden.
He sets out to Lund to be awarded the degree of Doctor Jubilaris.
Years after he received his doctorate.
He is accompanied.
Who does not much and is planning to separate from her husband  Evald  Isak s only son.
Isak is forced by nightmares  daydreams  his old age  and his impending death to reevaluate his life.
He meets a series.
Each of whom set off dreams or reveries.
The first group consist.
Who is adored.
Sara is a double.
The first group remains throughout his journey.
Next they pick up an embittered middle-aged couple.
Whose vehicle has nearly collided.
The pair exchange such a terrible vitriol and venom.
Marianne stops the car and asks them to leave.
They remind Isak and unhappy marriage.
He reminisces.
His sweetheart Sara.
He is confronted  recognizing these traits in both his ancient mother and in his middle-aged physician son.
He gradually begins to accept himself  his past  his present  and his approaching death.
Borg finally arrives and picks up his prize.
Proves an empty ritual.
That night  he bids a loving goodbye.
Whom the once bitter old man whispers to a playful declaration of the young girl s love.
He is overcome by a lake.
He goes.
Closure and affirmation have finally come.
Borg s face radiates joy.
<EOS>
The film opens.
A team wander through a post-apocalyptic wasteland  with the team leader calling for help on a radio  until they come upon the ruins of a city.
Forty-eight hours earlier  David Wyndham  the same team leader  is informed involving another scientist on their project  David s friend and colleague Raja.
Unauthorized access before was made using Raja s access codes.
He has been removed from the project.
David suspects a more sinister motive.
Paxton holds a press conference  codenamed EVE.
Has provided most for the past ten years beginning in.
The project utilizes three high-power particle colliders  located  France.
Paxton is enthusiastic.
The technology can be utilized worldwide.
David  unhappily agreeing  confronts her afterward.
She has no intention.
David receives a mysterious phone call  then is approached by a reporter.
Whom he dismisses.
The reporter furtively copies David s fingerprint using a piece of tape and stores it in a case.
A countdown appears  reading 84 Hours to Extinction.
David receives a visit from Raja.
Who has already surmised that Paxton s plans.
Raja believes.
He is a scapegoat because he is the only Arab with level 5 project clearance.
Raja angrily leaves.
When David rejects his claims.
That night  the reporter sneak.
Accosted David dons a lab coat and fake ID.
He enters a series of codes into the computer.
He uses a silenced dart gun to kill the man.
When he is confronted.
A short time later   the plant explodes  destroying Orleans and a quarter including Paris  killing between 20000000-30 000000 people.
The mysterious man has escaped.
David meets again.
He tries to sort out what happened the next day.
Raja has been named the top suspect and is running.
He is also being watched.
David learns.
She shows him photos  a known terrorist named Aziz Khaled.
David insists he be allowed to go to ground zero to investigate the explosion.
Stunned. 
Judgments are made.
Later that night  Raja  pursued  attempts to board a train before being cornered in an underground station.
A sudden earthquake allows him to escape.
Paxton  watching  nearly cries.
When the worst hit area is the Middle East  specifically Bahrain  where thousands have perished due to the quake.
The next day  Raja calls David  revealing.
Because the earthquake happened one day and hit where the EVE grid was absent.
He deduces.
Someone has discovered the Doomsday Equation  which is a set that  if used  could destroy the world.
David and his team travel.
They crash  killing the pilot.
They find evidence  confirming Raja s suspicions.
A Higgs field has formed.
Meanwhile  Raja s electric car runs out  leaving him helpless.
A few hours later he is abducted.
David s team  meanwhile  attempts to escape France.
The meteors are actually falling satellites.
His team barely escapes.
Khaled takes Raja.
He tries to force Raja into giving him the site s Doomsday Equation  believing.
The meltdown will not cause the end.
Raja steadfastly refuses.
David is taken to the facility.
Where his family is already sheltered.
He concludes  and asks Paxton to order a full system shutdown.
The surviving colliders are feeding the magnetic field.
Khaled shoots him in the knee  but does nt see him grabbing a pen.
Raja stabs Khaled  stunning him.
He then shoves the terrorist.
Khaled falls.
Raja returns and opens an instant message to Geneva  telling David.
His suspicions were right.
The only way to save the world is to increase the system s output and choke the field out  otherwise it will expand into a black hole.
Still believing Raja is a terrorist  Paxton cuts.
To carry out the system shutdown  knowing.
This action will only seal the doom on it.
The system announces.
The full shutdown will take twenty seconds.
David joins his family and solemnly assures his oblivious family.
Things will be okay now that he s fixed the problem.
As soon  the Geneva facility melts down than the Orleans disaster.
The system shutdown is complete.
Everything and everyone   the facility s staff  and Paxton  within hundreds of miles of Geneva are incinerated in an instant.
A view shows shock waves from the blast radiating throughout the Earth s surface  a large fissure forming in Europe and cracks forming around the globe.
Finally  the Earth s core is breached.
The planet explodes violently.
Nothing survives.
The film concludes.
What was once Earth floating  followed by a blank screen reading simply.
<EOS>
The first half has real-life AV director and company executive Shungo Kaji reminiscing about his days as a film student at the Nikkatsu studio  surreptitiously watching the filming of the studio s Roman Porno series and then discoursing on the mechanics and problems of making and producing adult videos.
The second half is a fictional depiction.
<EOS>
Avner  an adept Israeli military officer is selected to avenge the Munich massacre and other recent terrorist acts.
They are initially successful but to find their targets.
They progress it becomes harder and harder.
They themselves are targeted.
Avner  having lost the majority  begins having doubts about the mission and finally calls it off.
He wishes to retire and rejoin the regular ranks of the IDF.
His case officer is reluctant to let his most valuable asset go.
<EOS>
Agra-based collegian  Samar Thakur  lives in a joint family consisting  as well as a married sister  Munni  estranged from her husband.
His parents force him to marry Prabha  a matriculate  much.
This interferes.
The marriage does take place.
He soon finds.
She is not only incompatible  but also not well versed in household chores  leading to arguments  abuse and neglect  which may result in the end of this marriage.
<EOS>
He stumbles.
When Damon Miller  a talented young London filmmaker becomes involved.
The Earth stands.
<EOS>
Jeanne  a young woman born and raised  is visiting the Mediterranean for the first time.
She arrives to attend the wedding of her older sister Maite to Nourredine  a north African.
However  her main goal is to repatriate her deaf-mute younger brother Alain.
Whom she had been living.
Alain  however has run away.
Who approached Jeanne in the city.
Alain supports himself.
Jeanne must therefore locate her brother.
Jeanne s first lead is the struggling orchestra conductor Klotz  a bisexual older man.
Who is infatuated.
She meets Klot  z son Stephane   and Stephane s overbearing mother  Myrian.
When Jeanne visits Klotz s luxurious beach-side villa.
Who is recovering.
She moves.
When Jeanne finds Alain.
He shares.
Jeanne starts a relationship with Stephane.
There is a secret link.
Said takes Jeanne to see a burns victim and reveals  and was later stabbed by Said in revenge.
Stephane had once been part.
Said telephones Stephane to tell him of the night.
He has spent.
However  Stephane catches up and warns him not to go back to the hotel.
Said  however  drags Stephane.
They are both shot dead.
The film ends staring at the two bodies.
<EOS>
Henry Frankenstein  an ardent young scientist  and his devoted assistant Fritz  a hunchback  piece together a human body  the parts.
Have been secretly collected.
Frankenstein s consuming desire is to create human life.
He has perfected.
Elizabeth Lavenza  his fiancee  is worried to distraction over his peculiar actions.
She can not understand.
He secludes himself.
She and her friend  Victor Moritz  go and ask Dr Waldman s help in reclaiming the young scientist from his absorbing experiments.
Waldman tells them.
Frankenstein has been working.
Elizabeth  intent  arrives.
As Henry is making his final tests.
He tells them to watch  claiming to have discovered the ray.
Brought life.
They all watch Frankenstein and the hunchback.
They raise the dead creature  high into the room  toward an opening at the top of the laboratory.
Then a terrific crash  the crackling of Frankenstein s electric machines  and the hand of Frankenstein s monster begins to move.
This causes Frankenstein to shout ` It s alive.
The manufactured monster   initially appears not to be a malevolent beast but a simple  innocent creation.
Frankenstein welcomes it and asks his creation to sit.
It does.
He then opens up the roof  causing the monster to reach out.
Fritz  however  enters.
Frightens the monster.
Its fright is mistaken as an attempt to attack them  and so it is taken to the dungeon.
Where it is chained.
Thinking  they leave the monster locked up.
It is not fit and will wreak havoc at any chance.
Where Fritz antagonizes it.
They hear a shriek.
Henry and Dr Waldman consider the fate.
Frankenstein and Dr Waldman rush has strangled Fritz.
The monster makes a lunge.
They escape the dungeon  locking the monster inside.
Realizing  Henry prepares.
The creature must be destroyed.
An injection conspire to release the monster and inject it as it attacks.
The creature emerges and lunges.
When the door is unlocked.
Dr Waldman injects the drug.
The monster knocks Dr Waldman and has nearly killed Henry.
When the drug takes effect.
He falls.
Henry leaves to prepare.
Dr Waldman conducts an examination.
The creature awakens and strangles him.
He is preparing to begin dissecting it.
It escapes through the landscape.
It then has a short encounter.
Who asks him to play a game in which they playfully toss flowers into a lake and watch them float.
The monster enjoys the game.
Tragedy occurs.
When they run out.
The monster thinks  so he picks her up and throws her into the lake.
Maria will float as well as the flowers.
The girl drowns.
Realizing  the monster walks away feeling troubled and remorseful.
He has made a terrible mistake.
This drowning scene is one  with a long history of censorship.
Frankenstein is once again himself and serenely happy with Elizabeth.
They are to marry as soon.
Dr Waldman arrives.
Victor rushes in  saying.
The Doctor has been found strangled.
Frankenstein suspects the monster.
A chilling scream convinces him.
The monster is.
They find Elizabeth unconscious.
When the searchers arrive.
The monster has escaped.
He is intent only.
Meanwhile  Maria s father arrives  carrying the body.
He says.
She was murdered.
An enraged band search the surrounding country for the monster.
They are split.
He becomes separated and is discovered by the monster.
Who   attacks him.
Which Frankenstein s torch fails to save him.
The peasants hear his cries and follow.
They find.
The monster has climbed  dragging Frankenstein with him.
He hurls the young scientist to the ground.
His fall is broken  saving him from instant death.
Some hurry him to his home and destroy the entrapped monster.
The others remain to burn the mill.
Later  back  Baron Frankenstein celebrates the wedding of his recovered son with a toast to a future grandchild.
<EOS>
Umesh  a photographer is arrested.
The fact lead.
They had an altercation earlier and that he was found with the murder weapon in his hands.
However  the lawyer - Sahni  almost wins the case for Umesh.
Enters an eye witness - Jai.
Whose statement results to be hanged until death for Umesh.
Jai Kumar is a fraud.
Who can be paid to become an eye witness.
Sarita - Umesh s sister comes.
To know and that Jai is a liar.
She makes.
Jai realize how his lies can destroy families.
He has a change  falls in love with Sarita and promises to save Umesh.
However  the court rejects Sahnis request.
They come.
Was taken accidentally.
However  only the murderer s shoes are seen.
Jai tries to find the man.
Who had paid him to lie and to find the owner.
Turns out.
The lawyer is not such a nice man.
He murdered the editor.
Who was blackmailing him.
He has to make sure to prove.
As Jai is trying to find him.
There is no proof or witnesses.
He is the murderer.
Who succeeds and how is the rest.
<EOS>
The series is set.
The show follows the exploits.
Who controls Gigantor  a huge flying robot.
The robot is made and has a rocket-powered backpack for flight  a pointy nose  eyes  and incredible strength  but no intelligence.
Never move.
Controls Gigantor.
Whoever has the remote control.
Originally developed by Jimmy s father  Gigantor was later reprogrammed to act as a guardian of peace.
Jimmy Sparks lives.
Jimmy usually wears shorts and a jacket  carries a firearm and occasionally drives a car.
Together  Jimmy and Gigantor battle crime.
Who are always trying to steal or undermine the giant robot.
<EOS>
She sets out to fulfill her lifelong dream.
When nationalistic Irishwoman Bridie Quilty turns.
She leaves her small rural village and goes.
She shares a train compartment with J.
Miller.
Believing him to be English  she is very brusque.
Once  she seeks out a famous ex-radical and asks him to help her join the Irish Republican Army.
Her father had supposedly fought.
However  he has mellowed.
The situation has improved and tries unsuccessfully to dissuade her from her overly romantic notion.
Miller turns out to be a secret agent assigned to break Nazi spy Oscar Pryce out.
He recruits her.
When   he runs into Bridey again.
She gets a job and becomes acquainted with a sergeant.
Who unwittingly provides her.
This is the opportunity.
Miller has been waiting.
However  he is disturbed.
He suspects the newcomer.
There is little to attract anyone.
He therefore.
Orders Bridie to distract Baynes by allowing him to take her on a date.
It turns out.
Baynes is merely there to gather material on Oliver Cromwell  whom Bridey loathes intensely.
Miller succeeds.
Both are shot fleeing.
Pryce tells Miller  then remains behind to delay their pursuers.
Where he hid a notebook.
Miller manages to make his way and gives her the location to pass along.
Unwilling to risk seeing a doctor  he tells her to dispose.
He is dead.
Bridie does so  and afterward boards a train as instructed.
Her contact  an elderly woman  is arrested.
Any exchange can take place.
Not knowing what else to do  Bridie decides to return home.
However  she encounters David   going instead to retrieve the book.
Who followed her  and changes her mind.
She is trailed.
Bridie has figured out  so she burns the book.
The information has to do.
The Nazi and his cohorts abduct her.
He is caught as well.
When David tracks them.
She refuses to tell.
What she knows.
The two prisoners are taken.
The group ends up.
Is actually a smuggling operation transporting alarm clocks.
Escape. 
When one goes off.
David phones  mistakenly believing.
They are still.
He tries to convince her to flee.
When he realizes that they are actually  and that Bridie is in danger of being shot as a spy.
She insists.
Then  they hear.
D-Day has begun.
Her information now useless  she escapes.
David finds the Nazi spies.
A fight breaks out.
The police arrive and arrest everybody.
Bridie and David get married.
The war ends.
Their marriage gets off.
When David stops for their honeymoon night.
<EOS>
A Gram Panchayat facilitates the functioning of the Makkala Samiti - a children s body elected by the children themselves.
The committee acts.
A pressure group react to various social issues that it raises.
Guided  the children s honesty and persistency ruffles many feathers among the adults.
Some of whom have been using the ` Makkala Samiti.
Is a subtle cat and mouse game.
What follows.
Which the children hope to get their voice heard.
The film subtly speaks to self governance and the pathetic attitude we adults have towards this issue.
<EOS>
High school student Billy Colton is spying.
When he witnesses her being murdered.
Billy recognizes the man.
The police do not believe him.
He has a history.
<EOS>
Young Robert Bibi Bonnard grows up.
Is his uncle  amiable drunkard Louis.
Who ignores the complaints and her worries about the future of their daughter Yvonne.
Louis agitates.
Who wishes to marry Yvonne.
Next-door neighbour and schoolmate Peggy OHare has a crush.
He is as yet too young to understand.
Bibi is taken to see the vaudeville acts at the theatre.
Where his violinist / conductor father works.
The Great Gaspari tries to steal a kiss from Mignonette Chappuis  the assistant.
He is.
She storms offstage and quits.
Jacques offers her a job.
She gladly accepts.
Bibi is intrigued  but a little confused.
Equally fascinated  but not at all perplexed.
Is another unexpected arrival  Uncle Desmonde  a traveling salesman and notorious ladies  man.
He has been summoned back to take the place.
He informs his employer it is only until a replacement can be found.
Uncle Desmonde starts courting Mignonette.
She tells him.
She is attracted.
She is fed up and wants to settle down.
He shows her the picture he expects to inherit  weakening her resistance.
Meanwhile  Peggy becomes jealous to Mignonette.
Bibi has already gotten for bringing La Vie Parisienne to school.
Peggy falsely claims.
When a dirty picture is found.
She saw Bibi draw it.
Bibi denies it  angering Frye.
He straps Bibi  and tells him it will be repeated every day.
He confesses.
They see Frye and straighten him out.
When the adult Bonnards find out.
Desmonde discovers.
When they return.
Mignonette has quit.
Bibi confesses.
He is the guilty party.
Desmonde then realizes.
Mignonette is not.
He finds her and they become engaged.
The adults explain Peggy s behavior.
Bibi forgives her and makes her his girl.
Then his voice breaks.
<EOS>
Saving Face follows Wilhelmina  a young Chinese American surgeon.
She deals.
Wil struggles.
Who is shunned for being pregnant and unwed and thus has come to live with Wil.
She presents Vivian to her mother as a friend.
That they can meet.
Gao must decide.
Whether the demands are more important.
She soon realizes.
She must marry a man named Cho to regain her father s face and not be an embarrassment.
Wil then finds out.
Her mother is and rushes to break up her wedding.
Wil loses Vivian.
She is afraid.
Vivian leaves.
Mothers reunite the two at a party.
Vivian and Wil end up kissing in the center of the dance floor.
<EOS>
Arnaud de Maule  young lord  has resort to the detective Claude Alphand.
That she might make enquiries.
Claude discovers.
It is a question.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Britain faces civil war and the Saxon invasion.
Meanwhile  the spread has left the power of the fey goddess Queen Mab on the wane.
Mab s world of magic faces imminent extinction.
Mab vows to resist.
Her sister  the Lady accepts the inevitable.
She decides to create a half-human/half-fey being  a wizard.
She believes will bring people back and save her.
Merlin is created and is born to a human mother  Elissa.
He possesses no mortal father.
Elissa dies shortly.
Who used to be a pagan but has since rejected Mab and the Old Ways.
Ambrosia refuses to give the infant Merlin  arguing.
Love is needed to raise a child  and that Mab is not capable.
Mab seems to agree and leaves  but warns Ambrosia.
One day she will return and take him away.
He manifests his powers.
Merlin grows up.
He uses magic to save a nobleman s daughter named Nimue.
She grants him a kiss.
They exchange.
Names and Merlin vows never to forget her.
He tells Ambrosia of him saving Nimue.
Ambrosia realizes  and tells him.
It is time to go to Mab.
Merlin is taken.
Where she plans to train him until he becomes the greatest wizard of all time.
Merlin spends some time learning magical skills.
But  he wants nothing to do with Mab or magic.
Infuriates her.
Merlin unknowingly calls the Lady of the Lake.
Who accidentally blurts out that Queen Mab let his birth mother die  and that Ambrosia is dying.
Merlin arrives to see the end of an argument between Mab and Ambrosia  Mab  furious at Ambrosia s refusal to convince Merlin to return to her  lashes out with her magic  severely injuring Ambrosia.
She is unable to survive  and  makes Merlin swear to only listen to his heart.
Merlin vows to defeat her.
She merely describes them and reminds Merlin.
Mab expresses seemingly genuine regret.
She and her people are rapidly facing extinction.
She swears.
She will make Merlin help her.
Whether he wants to or not.
He makes a.
He will never use magic except to defeat Mab.
Many years later  Merlin is summoned to see the tyrant King Vortigern.
He learns.
A pagan soothsayer has promised the King that Merlin s blood will prevent the destruction.
This soothsayer had earlier asked Queen Mab in solving the tyrant King s request.
She suggested finding a man  thus leading him to Merlin.
However  Merlin informs the King.
His castle is being built  and that he would be more useful alive since his dreams can predict the future.
The King spares Merlin but throws him.
Nimue recognizes the captive Merlin and persuades King Vortigern to release him.
Merlin and Nimue grow close  but Mab  determined to make Merlin break his oath  plots and has Nimue sacrificed to a great dragon  with Merlin watching.
Merlin ends up using magic  breaking his oath  to tie down the dragon  but ca nt save Nimue.
She is sent to recover.
Merlin leaves to defeat Vortigern and his new ally  Mab.
Soon Merlin dreams.
The red dragon is.
That  whose father  King Constant was murdered by Vortigern to seize his throne.
Merlin helps.
Uther win his war  by informing him of Vortigern s unprecedented winter attack  and leading Uther s forces to confront him on a frozen river.
Merlin himself kills Vortigern Excalibur  given to him as a gift by the Lady of the Lake.
He believes and gives Excalibur.
Uther will be a just  decent king.
However  Uther soon becomes obsessed.
Merlin  worried  tricks Uther out of the sword and places it within a living mountain  the Rock of Ages.
Who promises to keep it until a true king arrives  a man.
But  he returns later to see madness and lust.
Merlin leaves Uther.
Have clouded his mind.
Uther lays siege  but can not break through.
The rest falls back into civil war.
His attention is focused there.
To stop the insanity  Merlin strikes a deal.
He will help Uther bed Igraine.
Merlin uses magic to transform Uther s appearance.
This is agreed.
Uther s forces lead Cornwall and his men away.
Uther enters the castle and sleeps.
Igraine s young and disfigured daughter  Morgan le Fay  is the only one.
Who sees.
But Uther betrays Merlin  going back and having Cornwall and his men slaughtered.
Merlin forever regrets allowing this to happen.
Igraine eventually begins to give birth   in return she promises to place a black stone beneath the baby s sheets in his crib  thus cursing his life.
Frik meets and amuses Morgan.
Igraine then gives birth.
Mab then confronts Merlin  proclaiming Arthur to be damned.
Merlin vows to raise him  and help bring her down.
Arthur  now living with Sir Ector and unaware of his heritage  is tutored throughout his childhood by Merlin.
He teaches him ethics and morals  hoping to make Arthur the image.
Uther meanwhile  goes mad and finally commits suicide.
Leaves the kingdom.
Merlin informs Arthur as the only son of Uther and true heir to the throne.
Mab attempts to assassinate Arthur   he is reminded.
Merlin foils the attack.
Mab is still an ever-present threat.
Mab  likewise  is goaded to take more direct action.
She is losing her power more and more quickly.
All the noblemen in the kingdom try to take Excalibur from the Rock of Ages.
None can.
Arthur arrives and tries to take the sword.
Mab pleads.
He will bring bloodshed.
But Arthur replies.
He does nt know what he will be  only what he is.
This wise response makes.
The Rock see the goodness in Arthur.
It loosens its grip  but Mab heats the sword.
Arthur persists raises it for all the surrounding people to see.
Not all recognize him.
When Merlin presents Arthur.
But some   declare him king  through both his revealed heritage and the sword Excalibur.
But many refuse to heed Merlin s words to end the cycle of violence  they storm off to fight for the throne  with armies now mobilized.
Arthur avoids a battle by daring the latter to use Excalibur to kill him  the magic of the sword convinces Lot to submit.
Arthur is crowned King and institutes the Round Table.
Arthur then decides to build Camelot and fulfill Merlin s dreams.
Merlin leaves  thinking.
The kingdom is finally.
Mab comes up.
She instructs Frik to seek out Arthur s half-sister Morgan Le Fay and poison her mind  and has her seduce the young King.
Who is unaware.
Morgan and Arthur s act eventually reaches Merlin.
Who races back to Camelot to confront Arthur.
Merlin tells Arthur.
Morgan will give birth  Mordred  whom Mab raises to become Arthur s downfall and bring back the Old Ways.
He is exceptionally strong and grows.
The demonic Mordred is.
Arthur starts construction.
He then wishes to take his knights  so he holds a tournament to find a champion.
Who will defend and complete Camelot.
Knowing.
Arthur s enemies would take advantage to a good man.
He finds Sir Lancelot and their son  Galahad.
Merlin brings Lancelot back.
Where he then wins the tournament.
Unfortunately   Guinevere and Lancelot become infatuated with each other.
Embark  despite Merlin warning of the consequences.
Mab magically makes sure.
Lancelot s wife can see his betrayal.
She is found dead not long after.
Merlin accuses Lancelot.
He flees Camelot.
Arthur and his knights return shortly afterwards  their quest a failure.
Mordred then makes his presence and reveals Guinevere s betrayal to all.
Outmanoeuvered  Arthur is forced to condemn her to be burned at the stake for treason.
Mid-way  Arthur changes his mind and begs Merlin to save her  so Merlin makes it rain.
Saves Guinevere long enough to fight his way into Camelot and ride off with her to safety.
Furious  Mordred confronts Arthur.
Who denounces and banishes him.
Mordred begins to raise an army.
Meanwhile  Frik and Morgan le Fay have fallen.
Mab s magic makes them both beautiful.
Mab kills her.
When Morgan refuses to allow Mab to further use Mordred.
Frik holds the dying Morgan and their true ugly forms return  but they both call each other beautiful anyway.
She dies.
Frik vows revenge  so she takes his powers away.
He later joins Arthur s army.
Queen Mab then lures Nimue and removes the scars from her past injury  explaining.
She wishes to keep Merlin out so that he can not intervene in the battle to come.
Wanting to be  Nimue agrees and sends for Merlin.
He comes  but senses a trap.
When he realizes that the idyllic paradise they are is a creation of Mab s.
However  Nimue compels him to give up his war and simply be at peace.
Meanwhile  the armies prepare themselves for the battle.
Many are slain.
Arthur defeats Mordred.
Mordred deals Arthur a fatal blow.
Arthur kills him.
Merlin  having heard the screams and knowing  leaves Nimue to go to his aid.
Arthur is dying.
However   it seals.
He leaves their haven.
Knowing.
He has lost her forever  Merlin races.
To seek retribution.
Both Mab and Merlin witness the deaths of their proteges  Mab s dark magic is unable to save Mordred.
Arthur lives long enough to arrive.
Arthur tells Merlin to return Excalibur to whence.
It came  as no-one can be allowed to wield its power.
Merlin comforts Arthur.
He was a great king and the right man to wield Excalibur.
He leaves Arthur to return the sword  grief-stricken behind him.
Merlin gives Excalibur back.
Who has been slowly dying as the Old Ways are being rejected and forgotten.
Angry and sorrowful  Merlin accuses her.
He realizes.
The Lady had meant Galahad.
She comforts a grieving Merlin.
It s human to make mistakes  Merlin and part is human.
She then bids Merlin farewell  saying.
Her sister Mab was right  we cease to exist.
Merlin encounters Frik.
Who warns him that although Mab is greatly weakened  she is still dangerous.
Furious  Merlin returns to Camelot.
Where he finds her sitting.
The pair engage.
Nothing more to lose.
Destroys the Round Table.
Unable to vanquish Merlin  Mab mocks him and tells him.
He and his human followers ca nt destroy her.
Merlin knows.
There are few people that believe.
He turns his back.
Everyone will forget her.
She will no longer exist.
Everyone leaves  ignoring Mab s furious calls.
Soon  she fades away  just the way.
She had feared.
The wizened Merlin is shown as a pauper telling his story for money.
An aged Frik finds him  mentioning  It s not exactly  They like it better this way.
I remember.
Merlin replies.
He finds his aged magic horse.
Frik then says.
It will lead him.
Frik says.
When Merlin asks how.
When Mab disappeared forever  so did the remnants  allowing Nimue to escape her magic prison.
Merlin thanks his old friend and mentor.
Frik modestly replies  Oh  there s no need to thank me.
I just love happy endings.
So Merlin rides off to find Nimue.
Merlin finally finds and embraces Nimue.
Both lovers are now old.
Merlin uses the last.
That they can finally spend their lives together.
His closing words are.
There is no more.
<EOS>
Haathon Ki Lakeeron  the first  opens up the drama.
Raj Dixit is a respectable average man.
Who lives.
The obstacle is not his physical handicap  cerebral palsy.
His imperative need.
His dependency is  without it.
He would simply whither away.
We come to see.
When the normal youngster s activities are.
Their bond is improbably one.
Raj seems quite solemn.
Khanna takes advantage and asks him to marry his niece  Madhuri.
It does nt take.
Before Raj accepts the offer and develops a relationship.
However   Tarsati Hai  two romantic well-pictured numbers  a dilemma is evident.
Raj explains.
Their relationship has little room  as lovers anyways.
The sun started shining other places what would happen.
He decides   to try it out.
Some though.
We see.
Who is the dependent one here and who has the handicap.
There s more.
Angle is Suman.
Suman and her parents are Raj s neighbors  to him at times.
Suman is the fourth angle.
<EOS>
The main character is a normalOtaku.
No Videos story starts out  more or less.
Normal guy meets otaku and gets sucked.
Life knew.
It changes forever.
Japanese male  Ken Kubo  living quite and being a member of his college s tennis team.
He meets one from high school  Tanaka.
Kubo soon makes the wish to become the Otaking  the King.
Tanaka brings him.
He manages to create his own model kits  open shops  and even build a factory.
Later  he loses it all.
When one takes control of his enterprise with Tanaka s unwitting aid.
But Misuzu  Kubo and friends successfully take with a magical girl show  Misty May.
Kubo and Tanaka make peace  teaming up.
Ken and Tanaka create.
They have reached the peak.
Otakuland  the equivalent is where Tokyo Disneyland is located.
Many years later  Ken and Tanaka return to Otakuland and find its central structure  a giant robot  converted into a functional spaceship piloted by their old otaku friends.
Miraculously rejuvenated  they fly off.
A controversial & humorous part no Video was the inclusion of live-action documentary excerpts  titled A Portrait of an Otaku.
The documentary crew would interview an anonymous otaku  typically ashamed at being a fan and and have their voices digitally masked.
Whose face are censored.
The mock documentary segments serve to the anime   the mock interviews exaggerate its negative qualities.
The anime emphasizes the camaradrie  creativity  and dreams.
The gaijin otaku  Shon Hernandez  has been confirmed to have been Craig York.
Who Shon Hernandez is a combination of Shon Howell and Lea Hernandez  who  together with Craig York  were the core of General Products USA.
.
Animeigo. 
Com/Liner/Anime / otaku-no-video  were the main staff.
The interview has been a point of contention with Lea Hernandez.
Who   noted that the interview was unscripted and that Craig York had been fairly sincere in his thoughts and had felt that Gainax insulted their American members.
The words spoken by Shon Hernandez in the background are noticeably different from.
What is shown.
Hiroshi Sato  an animator and another Gainax member  mentioned.
He had been in Otaku no Video.
The garage kit otaku was given the pseudonym Sato Hiroshi for the interview.
<EOS>
The Pittsburgh Pythons  has made them the laughing stock.
The Fish That Saved Pittsburgh tells the story.
Whose continuous losing streak and lack.
Several players ask to be transferred  partly due to the bad publicity and the presence of the difficult but highly paid star player  Moses Guthrie.
Believing  ballboy/waterboy Tyrone Millman turns to astrology to improve the team s fortunes.
The team needs a miracle.
He brings his idea to astrologer Mona Mondieu.
They come up.
The team is reborn.
They ultimately embrace the concept.
Moses and Tyrone s sister think that Tyrone s idea is absurd.
The plan succeeds wildly due  culminating in a championship opportunity.
<EOS>
A newsstand owner takes pity and gives him a job selling newspapers in the Cairo train station.
The women there all shun him.
He has little trouble walking.
Qinawi becomes obsessed.
But she is engaged.
Who is trying to organize his co-workers to better their lot.
Nonetheless  Qinawi proposes.
Qinawi s obsession turns.
When she rejects his fantasy and children in his village.
Inspired  he buys a knife and plots to kill Hannuma.
She asks Qinawi to take her incriminating drink bucket and hide it.
When the local policemen try to catch Hannuma and the other women illegally selling drinks.
He seeks to lure her.
She asks a friend to get it instead.
Qinawi does not notice the substitution  he stabs the other woman repeatedly  then hides the body in a wooden crate supposedly holding Hannuma s trousseau.
Then he gets Abu Siri to put it.
The woman is not dead  however.
She is found.
The station is alerted.
The men try to pin the attempted murder.
Who stand to lose at first.
The would-be victim identifies her real assailant.
Meanwhile  unaware  Hannuma goes to get her bucket.
Qinawi chases her and catches her  holding a knife to her head to keep the crowd at bay.
The newsstand owner tells Qinawi and coaxes him.
He will be allowed to marry Hannuma.
Qinawi complies  then realizes.
He has donned a straitjacket.
He struggles  but is taken away.
<EOS>
April Delongpre is the well-born daughter and heiress to an old and respectable Southern family.
One summer   April commences an affair  a carnival roustabout.
Her fiance Chad Douglas Fairchild is away.
She had met a few days previously.
April s grandmother Belle Delongpre has assigned the local sheriff Earl Hawkins to keep an eye.
Belle and the sheriff conspire to get rid on the day of April and Chad s wedding.
Perry escapes.
The film ends.
They kiss.
<EOS>
Dion played concerts in 5 continents  25 countries and 93 cities.
Her first tour was wildly successful  selling over 3 million tickets.
A small team did 800 hours.
The photo director Jean-Francois Perrault captured many great images all around the world.
Intercutting concert performances with behind the scenes footage  the documentary depicts singer s life during the Taking Chances Tour  giving fans the unique opportunity to follow Celine everywhere  on stage  backstage  enjoying free time with her family  this movie will show it all.
Sony s president said of the film  For fans  this is a chance to both hear an artist in a theater setting with great sound  as well as take a look inside their lives.
It is nt.
It does add that huge element.
<EOS>
Luther Heggs is a typesetter  but aspires to be a reporter.
One night  observing rushes with his scoop.
What he believes to be a murder outside.
Unfortunately   the murder victim walks.
He relates the details to the Chief of Police.
The next morning  Heggs walks downstairs and overhears Ollie Weaver  a full-time reporter at the newspaper  mocking his mistakes of the night before.
The Simmons mansion was a murder house 20 years earlier.
When Mr Simmons murdered his wife  then jumped to his death.
Legend says.
You can hear the ghost.
To increase newspaper sales  Luther is assigned to spend the night.
Heggs sees.
The old organ begin to play.
His story gets the town abuzz.
Nicholas Simmons  nephew  sues Heggs for libel.
Heggs is made out to be a fool  but the judge orders the courtroom to the Simmons house at midnight to allow Heggs to prove his story.
Nothing happens.
Everyone leaves.
Heggs discovers Mr Kelsey  the newspaper s janitor  producing the creepy tune from an additional keyboard located under the pipes.
When he notices the old organ playing again.
The typesetter and janitor then confront Nicholas Simmons.
Who killed his aunt and uncle and has been trying to cover up the story all this time.
A secret passage had been Simmons  alibi.
Mr Kelsey was the last one.
Who knew the secret.
Luther knocks Simmons out.
The case is closed.
Heggs marries.
His sweetheart  Alma Parker and the church organ begins to play the same spooky tune that came  with the keys moving  but no one there.
Andy Griffith  Knotts  costar  suggested expanding on an episode from the television show involving a deserted house.
Which Barney  Gomer  and Andy retrieve a baseball and his friend from the house.
Another Andy Griffith Show connection is a small role played.
Who had a recurring role.
The Simmons Mansion stands in California and was built for the 1946 film So Goes My Love.
It appeared Harvey  The Munsters House and currently serves as the home of Gabrielle Solis in Desperate Housewives.
Colonial Street Al Checco  Don Knotts  Army-days comedy partner  had an uncredited appearance.
Don Knotts personally called the Bon Ami company president to get permission to mention the cleaning product s name.
Universal contract star Joan Staley was known together in Broadside.
Normally a blond  she had to wear a dark wig.
The producers felt she was too sexy.
She wore the same wig previously worn.
P. 
62 Lisanti  Tom Fantasy Femmes  Interviews with 20 Actresses from Biker  Beach  and Elvis Movies McFarland .
<EOS>
Charlie Gordon  a mentally retarded man  has been attending night school for two years.
Where he has been taught to read and write.
However  his spelling remains poor.
He is even unable to spell his own name.
Alice takes Charlie.
Nemur and Straus have been increasing the intelligence with a new surgical procedure and are looking for a human test subject.
He is made to race Algernon  one of the laboratory mice.
Algernon physically runs.
Charlie uses a pencil to trace his way.
Charlie is disappointed.
He consistently loses the races.
Nevertheless  he is given the experimental surgery.
Charlie is initially angered.
He is not immediately smarter than he was before and still loses.
Eventually  however  he beats Algernon and then his intelligence starts increasing rapidly.
Alice continues to teach him.
He soon surpasses her.
Charlie s co-workers also try to tease him.
They know he will not be able to work.
His co-workers are not pleased.
When Charlie shows he can work the machine.
He is now intelligent and can not be teased anymore.
They sign a petition.
He loses his job.
Charlie also starts staring as well as drawing and painting abstract nude figures of her.
He also questions.
Whether Alice loves her fiance.
One night  Charlie follows Alice back and sexually assaults her  pulling her to the floor and kissing her forcefully.
She breaks free.
The film then uses a montage sequence to show Charlie.
Charlie has returned home.
Alice comes to visit him  both having learned.
That they want to be together.
A further montage sequence shows Charlie and Alice running and kissing under trees accompanied by a voice-over of the two of them talking about marriage.
Straus and Nemur present their research  including a question and answer session with Charlie.
Charlie is aggressive and then reveals.
Algernon has just died  causing Charlie to believe that his own increased intelligence is only temporary.
Charlie decides to work with Nemur and Straus to see.
He can be saved.
Charlie discovers.
There is nothing that can be done to prevent his own intelligence.
Alice visits Charlie and asks him to marry her.
He refuses and tells her to leave.
Alice watches Charlie playing  having reverted to his former self.
<EOS>
Is set in 1930s Malabar District of the Madras Presidency of British India  against the backdrop of a growing nationalist movement.
An idealistic young Indian man  T.
K.
Finds himself torn to tradition.
When people learn of an affair between his British boss and close friend Henry Moores and a married village woman Sajani.
Henry and T.
K.
Are working.
The start focuses on the affair between Henry and his house maid Sajani.
They make love.
Who flee.
Both Henry and Sajani are married.
Both know.
Henry s wife and son return.
Sajani is distraught.
Henry assures Sajani.
She is the one he loves.
Sajani s violent husband finds out and brutally beats her.
Sajani flees  Henry instructs T.
K.
To take her away.
T.
K tells Sajani never to come back.
She is now disgraced.
Her presence will endanger Henry s life.
Sajani does not believe T.
K but leaves nonetheless.
Resentment towards the British grows stronger  news about an adulterous act between an Indian woman and a British man would be inflammatory.
Sajani s love drives her back to Henry s house.
Henry tells her to leave and admits.
He does not love her.
A distraught Sajani finds T.
K s handgun  shoots herself  and dies.
T.
K.
And Henry throw her body.
Sajani s disappearance garners interest.
Sajani s brother and husband gather the men.
The same two children then discover her body.
Who discovered Sajani and Henry.
It is established.
A bullet killed her.
A mob led attacks T.
K.
The only Indian man around.
The bullet and the handgun match and T.
K is tried.
T.
K is forced to tell the truth.
Henry s wife discovers her husband s affair and his involvement and leaves her husband to return to England.
T.
K proves his innocence.
The council elders tell T.
K.
He has to kill Henry to get his honour back since he aided and abetted.
Sajani s brother and T.
K.
Go to kill Henry.
When it comes.
K  he can not pull the trigger but instead tells Henry  it belongs.
To kill Henry.
No man owns anything.
The film ends.
Henry and T.
K s road holds and does not yield.
<EOS>
Shyamala was not good and fails in her Pre-degree examination.
Her family  especially her brother Sekharan loves her a lot.
They arrange her marriage.
He wanted Shyamala to pass the Pre Degree.
Things become different  a Malayalam tutor.
When Shyamala falls with Vasudevan.
Marries him.
Her family abandons her.
Now Shymala is the mother.
Shyamala s biggest dream is her 25-year-old son s marriage.
Akash is a video editor.
Vasudevan is an employee  while Shyamala s brother is the District Collector.
She tries to win over her brother.
Who is angry to Vasudevan.
Once Shyamala gets beaten up.
She was returning home.
The political party took this matter up and gave a lot coverage for it.
Was organising the strike which resulted.
Shyamala became.
The talk decides to take advantage of it by making her contest for the assembly elections.
Shyamala wins comfortably and becomes the revenue minister.
Many rich people come forward to get their daughters married.
Shyamala s dreams shatter.
When Akash marries a girl.
A battle begins.
Meanwhile Shayamala s personal assistant Prakashan takes bribe and gets Shyamala s signature.
Becomes a big scandal.
Shayamala is forced to resign.
Nandana had doubts about Prakashan beforehand and so had gifted him a pen well before this incident.
The pen had a hidden camera.
It captured all the events.
Proved Shyamala innocence.
The mafia gets.
Arrested and Shayamala rejoins ministership and also.
<EOS>
Maurice Hall  an 11-year-old schoolboy  receives instructions about the sacred mysteries of sex from his teacher.
Who wants to explain the changes he would experience in puberty.
Years later   Maurice is attending Cambridge.
Where he strikes a friendship  the aristocratic Lord Risley and the rich and handsome Clive Durham.
Durham falls by confessing his feelings.
Maurice does not react favorably to the revelation.
Soon  however  he realizes.
He reciprocates his friend s feelings.
The two friends embark.
Their relationship remains platonic.
To go further   would diminish them both.
Clive  a member  has a promising future ahead of him and does not want to tarnish his future.
Their close relationship continues.
Maurice is expelled  and begins a new career as a stockbroker in London.
The two friends keep their feelings secret  but are frightened.
When Lord Risley is arrested and sentenced after soliciting sex from a soldier.
Clive  afraid  breaks with Maurice.
Clive  under pressure from his widowed mother  marries a naive rich girl named Anne  and settles into placid domesticity.
Heartbroken  Maurice looks from the family physician  Dr Barry.
Who dismisses Maurice s doubts.
Maurice then turns.
Who tries to cure his homosexual longings.
Maurice attracts the attention of Alec Scudder  the.
Who is due to emigrate to Argentina.
Maurice not only fails to notice Scudder s interest  but initially treats him with contempt.
This does not discourage Scudder.
Who spies at night.
Simcox  the butler  suspecting the true nature of Maurice and Clive s past relationship  gave some clues to Scudder.
Night  Scudder boldly climbs a ladder and enters Maurice s bedroom through an open window.
Scudder kisses Maurice   but does not resist his advances.
Who is completely taken.
Together  Maurice  after receiving a letter from Scudder proposing they meet at Pendersleigh s boathouse  believes.
Scudder is blackmailing him.
Maurice returns.
Who warns Maurice that England is a country which has always been disinclined to accept human nature.
Scudder travels to find him.
When Maurice fails to appear.
Maurice and Scudder meet.
The blackmail misunderstanding is resolved.
Maurice begins to call Scudder.
They go.
However  their prospects seem dim.
Alec is leaving.
Maurice decides to give Alec a sendoff.
He is taken aback.
When he does not find Alec.
Maurice goes to Clive  telling him about Alec.
Clive   is bewildered.
Who was hoping that Maurice would marry.
What has transpired.
The two friends depart.
Maurice goes.
Who is there waiting.
Scudder tells him.
He sent a telegram stating that he was to come to the boathouse.
Alec has left his family.
His plans to emigrate  to stay  telling him  Now we sha nt never be parted.
<EOS>
The time period spans 1937-1947  with sons Petro  Orest and the youngest.
Petro joins the Red Army  Orest joins UPA  and the youngest stays.
Time goes.
However  their fates inevitably cross one another or with arms.
Whether. 
<EOS>
The film is set.
Mick Travis is one.
They are watched and persecuted.
The prefects are entitled.
Who are first-year boys assigned to run errands  make tea and generally act.
This refers.
Still persisted.
The early part shows scenes in the school as the pupils return at the start of a new term.
Mick Travis  the protagonist  arrives on his shoulder  wearing a black hat  with a black scarf across his face to hide his moustache.
Stephans comments  God  it s Guy Fawkes back again  hinting.
Rowntree is the Head Whip.
He revels  ordering the junior boys to Run.
Each boy has to lower his pants.
The school nurse can inspect his genitals.
These early scenes show the school s customs and traditions.
The Headmaster is somewhat remote.
Arthur Lowe   is told.
I ll have to get back on that when he brings things to the Headmaster s attention.
Kemp himself is easily manipulated into giving them a free hand in enforcing discipline.
Some are shown as suffering from various perversions.
The chaplain   enjoys grasping the boys.
Who is also the geometry master.
Hurting them.
Mr Kemp sings a hymn  the matron  overhearing  is driven to near orgasm.
His wife accompanies him.
Mrs Kemp herself enjoys walking naked.
Fondling soap  towels and other objects the boys have carelessly strewn.
One day  having sneaked  Mick steals a motorbike from a showroom and has an affair with a local waitress.
Meanwhile  Wallace finds adolescent romance.
Whom he takes.
They indulge  such as seeing.
Long they can hold a plastic bag.
It concentrates.
The film progresses.
Mick and his friends are subject.
Eventually they are sentenced to corporal punishment by the Whips.
The caning is administered in the gym with a long.
The three boys are left.
Mick s punishment is especially brutal  yet tradition demands.
He shake hands when it is over and say  Thank you.
Scenes are shot.
This was not  as people presumed  but simply.
The huge windows gave off obstructing light that affected the camera lenses.
Another explanation given later is simply.
The production was running out.
In a surreal sequence  they discover a cache of automatic weapons  and revolt against the establishment.
They start a fire under the hall  smoke out the parents  staff and boys  and open fire on them from a rooftop.
When parents are visiting the school.
Led.
Who was giving the speech.
The Headmaster tries to stop the firefight and calls.
Mick s girl   produces a Webley Revolver and shoots the Headmaster through the forehead.
Who is.
The battle continues.
The camera closes.
He keeps firing  ending the film.
An echo if  emblazoned in red on the screen.
<EOS>
Max Baumstein  respected chairman of a humanitarian organisation  shoots the Paraguayan ambassador dead  in cold blood.
Tried  he explains himself  the ambassador was a former Nazi official  responsible for the extermination of his family.
<EOS>
She meets his lover.
When the wife discovered her husband is having affair with his student.
They become friends and the relationship become closer.
<EOS>
The story Barbie through World War II and post-war hiding journey in Argentina before being tried in France for crime against humanity.
<EOS>
An intern is shot mysteriously.
The chief investigating detective views this  so with the cooperation of the Commissioner of Hospitals he assigns a detective.
Who had been a medical corpsman  Fred Rowan  to go undercover as intern Fred Gilbert.
Rowan becomes involved  and also becomes friendly with the popular elevator operator  Pop Ware.
Ware   seems initially to be a benign character.
Who works part-time taking bets.
But it becomes apparent.
Ware has been loaning money  including the slain intern and another intern  Rowan s roommate Steve Anderson  who is depressed and commits suicide.
Rowan deliberately loses money betting.
Ware says.
Rowan can pay off his bet.
Rowan plays along  encouraged.
He stops providing drugs.
Ware tries to kill Rowan  and is shot.
Investigators find.
The nurse was worked.
The movie ends  turning aside pleas from Ann  placing her under arrest.
<EOS>
The story follows a reporter named Richard Dees.
He attempts to follow and catch up  and who seemingly flies to each murder scene by plane  a black Skymaster.
Dees finds dirt in the plane  heightening the suspense of this film.
The plot culminates.
Dees  nemesis is a young female reporter.
Who joins the staff  where he ranks as senior reporter.
She at first is dismissed  then is actively abused by him.
She ultimately survives him and writes.
<EOS>
This historical drama  set  depicts the difficult plight of Korean sugarcane field laborers in Mexico.
The story follows the love  and the son of a butcher.
<EOS>
This film is.
<EOS>
The plot revolves.
Who is.
Winnie one day runs away and meets a boy named Jesse Tuck  drinking from a spring.
She is then kidnapped.
Winnie soon falls with Jesse and later learns.
The family can not age or be injured due from a magical spring around a hundred years ago.
The Tucks decide to leave the area and invite Winnie to join them.
The search continues.
Winnie is forced to decide.
Whether to drink and live forever  or live a mortal existence.
She decides.
She chooses to stay behind.
Jesse returns to the tree.
Where the spring used to be.
It is revealed.
She lived a long and charitable life.
<EOS>
Fed up s foul-ups  his director  Hilary Jacobs  publicly humiliates him and fires him on the spot in front of onlookers.
Her further degrading causes this actor to go berserk  mutilating himself before cutting out her tongue using the modified prop shears as his real-life signature weapon.
His co-star Vanessa Turnbill gives him a makeshift tracheotomy.
He could harm anyone else.
Ends. 
A.
Man Lossman looks on.
But it seems.
Brad dies.
He curses the source  Hot Blooded and all who would work on it.
Lossman is a teacher using his personal experiences as warnings to his students.
Any attempts to complete filming or even screening.
But some decide.
They decide to try to finish the film as a graduation grade.
Then the conference ends.
All the film crew meet up to watch the print  Vanessa leaves shortly.
It starts due  then as the print ends.
<EOS>
Janki is a temple priest s daughter.
A man kills her father and kidnaps her and sells her.
When she is a little girl.
She refuses to be a courtesan and wants a love marriage.
When she grows up.
Noble and compassionate Thakur Virendra Singh lives a wealthy.
They have no children.
Ratna s brother Vikram has designs and has bought her.
Ramesh saves her.
They get married.
Ratna has a child.
It turns out to be a stillborn baby.
Janki decides to help.
She is still unconscious.
She is overjoyed to see.
When Ratna wakes up.
She has a son.
Virendra Singh is grateful and promises her.
He will raise her son.
Janki and her husband leave town and decide to start a new life and have another child - a daughter named Kiran.
Meanwhile  Virendra Singh and Ratna have a second son Prakash.
Kiran grows up and is.
Is where she meets Prakash.
Another student Raja harasses Kiran.
Prakash stands.
When she complains.
Raja gets expelled.
Kiran and Prakash fall.
Janki is a widow.
Who supports Kiran.
Kiran feels guilty.
Mrs Reen  a club owner  sees Kiran dance and offers her a job as a cabaret dancer.
She and Prakash have a run-in at the club.
He vows revenge.
Prakash s brother Suraj falls with Munshi s daughter  Shobhna.
Ratna opposes this match.
Shobhna is not.
Prakash brings Kiran and her mother.
Vikram instantly recognizes.
And tells Ratna that she is a courtesan.
Kiran gets upset and runs out.
Suraj throws Janki out.
When Virendra Singh slaps him and tells them the whole truth.
Raja kidnaps Kiran and tries to rape her.
Suraj and Prakash fight the goons and save her.
However  Suraj kills Raja and is imprisoned.
Janki and Kiran visit him.
Kiran cries.
She got for him was hathkadi for her brother.
Janki prays to help her son.
The judge rules is released.
Raja s death was justified and Suraj.
Janki is very happy.
Suraj marries Shobna.
Prakash marries Kiran.
Vikram asks.
Is granted.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Who has given birth.
One is named Milo  and has a habit of being too curious and getting himself into trouble.
He finds a pug puppy named Otis.
They soon become friends.
They then look.
Who thinks Otis is his mother.
Otis convinces the chick.
Otis is not his mother.
He accidentally drifts downstream.
When Milo is playing.
Otis runs.
Milo goes  escaping one incident after another.
Otis   follows Milo throughout  usually only an hour behind and less than a mile out of range.
Finally  the two catch up  Otis pulls him out by means of a rope.
Milo is.
Milo and Otis are reunited  and soon find mates  Joyce  a cat  for Milo  and Sandra  a pug  for Otis.
They separate and raise puppies and kittens.
They help each other s families to survive the harsh winter and find their way back together  living together.
<EOS>
The story opens.
A school teacher  Dinanath Chauhan  highly respected tries to dissuade them from giving away their lands on lease to Kancha Cheena  the son of the village head.
Who plans to start a drug mafia.
Knowing this  Kancha decides to get rid.
He ambushes and murders a young girl  framing Chauhan for the murder.
Kancha then kills Chauhan by hanging him to death from a tree.
Is witnessed.
Vijay Chauhan along leave the village.
Destitute  they find.
Shelter harbors intentions to go back to Mandwa and kill Kancha.
Vijay s mother delivers a baby girl named Shiksha.
Vijay is attracted and wants to get into his company.
He earns his favor and joins his gang.
Meanwhile  his mother along leave Vijay s side.
He resorts.
A grown-up Vijay now works and finds himself as his trusted.
Gaitonde acts as a silent guardian for Vijay and tries to eliminate crime in Mumbai.
When Rauf s influence is falling.
Vijay disrupts this plan and is lauded by Lala.
He further gains the trust by taking a bullet shot.
Was aimed  but is later revealed as a conspiracy involving Vijay and Shantaram to eliminate Mazhar.
Vijay brings Mazhar s corpse to Lala.
Who falls sick and is admitted.
Vijay takes over Lala s empire and stops all the crimes committed by Lala s gang.
He is then contacted and offers to go to Mandwa for a business agreement.
Vijay tries to strike a deal to hand over the drug business in Mumbai over to Kancha and in return taking Mandwa.
He later agrees.
Kancha initially suspects this deal.
Gaitonde must be killed.
Meanwhile  Lala regains health and finds out the truth behind Mazhar s death.
He gets hold and tries to sell her off.
Vijay is notified.
He flees back and kills Lala.
Kancha sends a man to assassinate Gaitonde.
This man identifies Vijay to be the son and reports this to Kancha.
However   he is killed.
He tries to assassinate Gaitonde.
Vijay  meanwhile marries his love interest Kaali Gawde.
Who is killed.
Vijay leaves.
Mandwa to avenge the death and after an intense battle with Kancha  kills him by hanging him from the same tree in which his father was hanged.
However  Vijay succumbs and breaths his last in the hands of his mother.
Who forgives him.
<EOS>
During the thick of World War I  a German and a French fighter ace by the names of Gunther von Beckman and Jo Cavalier manage to drag each other out of the sky.
An argument and subsequent fistfight about who is to be.
Whose prisoner is rudely interrupted  forcing both to stick together in order to survive.
Corporal Adolf Hitler is berated by his frustrated First Lieutenant Rosenblum for his clumsiness.
20 years later  Jo and his team travel to Germany to participate in the Olympic Games in Berlin.
Jo meets young Simon Rosenblum  the grandson of aforementioned First Lieutenant Rosenblum and a Jew.
A beautiful reporter named Gaby Delcourt.
Who is to interview Hitler.
Simon asks Jo   to accompany him.
When his grandfather does nt show up.
Whom he idolizes.
Arriving there  Jo gets.
Who are demolishing the place.
Subsequently he is asked to hide them.
Knowing no other place  he takes them.
Also happens to be Gaby s domicile.
Jo begins to flamboyantly flirt.
Who seems to return his affections.
The next morning   Jo re-encounters his old friend Gunther  now a general.
Before they depart.
He fast-talks Gunther.
He gives to Austria.
However  the whole family is caught.
They reach the border.
Only Simon escapes.
The boy phones Gaby.
Who informs Jo.
Torn  Jo decides to settle the matter as quickly as possible and goes off to fetch Simon.
However  things do not go as planned.
The Gestapo is hot  a bear drives him and Simon from their forest camp.
They temporarily pick up its cub.
Whom they spontaneously name Beethoven.
Finally they are captured and taken.
Where the rest are also held.
Gunther arrives to secure the release.
Jo wo nt abandon the Rosenblums and takes Gunther hostage.
Gunther advises Jo to go.
They drive.
He is now considered a fugitive criminal.
Reluctantly  Jo agrees.
However  due the group misses the way and ends up right in Hitler s Berghof residence on the Obersalzberg.
Mistaking it  they are taken in by the grounds  caretaker  Hitler s sister Angela.
Gunther has been invited to the Berghof for a staff conference  along with Gaby.
It so happens.
Jo is quick to find out  however.
When he comes face to face himself.
Following the Olympic boxing finals.
He procures an officer s uniform  reveals himself  and devises a plan to rescue the Rosenblums by stealing Hitler s personal car.
Gunther is to create a diversion.
The film ends in another  during the course.
Which the elderly Rosenblum reveals himself.
Startled.
Jo cheekily disguising himself -  Hitler crashes into a duck pond.
Jo and company successfully escape.
Where they also encounter Beethoven again.
<EOS>
Harmon is a wealthy landlord.
He gets caught.
When he goes to visit one.
Of whom  Clipper Kelly starts to attack Harmon.
He is seen.
When Harmon defends himself.
Harmon falls at first sight and begins to woo her following his trial for attacking Clipper.
Harmon opens a gymnasium.
Order to demonstrate that he is okay.
Clipper   wants nothing to do and turns the other boys against him.
Who has fallen.
Harmon tries to win them over.
Butch has gotten Clipper involved in a series of robberies with Clipper dressed as a woman.
Butch orders Clipper to kill Harmon.
When Butch and Clipper believe Harmon has learned.
Is being performed.
Clipper gets cold feet.
Butch grabs Harmon   and heads up.
Who is dressed.
Butch s gang joins them and Clipper and the other boys come.
<EOS>
April .
Genocide.
800000 dead.
A catastrophe.
Upset the balance.
The Great Lakes region ended the year with a bloodbath.
This documentary shows the intrigues  the dramatic effects  the treasons  the vengeances and.
Prevailed. 
Whose only goal was to maintain or increase each faction s area.
The population saw.
All their hopes vanish  The dream in control of its own destiny  alimentary self-sufficiency  the end of interethnic conflicts.
<EOS>
The film noir concerns a doctor.
Who receives a series.
Later  more letters all signed  are delivered to others in the small Canadian town.
The wife receives a letter accusing her of having an affair.
One letter informs a shell-shocked veteran.
He is dying  causing the distraught man to commit suicide.
Quickly  the townsfolk begin pointing fingers.
<EOS>
Marcos  a young man  wants to cover up his crime.
Who works.
Marcos s girlfriend  the only witness  wishes to go  so he strangles her.
Marcos finds himself killing others.
They become suspicious  butchering his victims  remains at his workplace.
Order to dispose.
The film contains no scenes of cannibalism.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Where a Sri Lankan Tamil woman Shyama gets married.
The couple hear sounds approaching.
Romancing each other after marriage.
He asks Shyama to leave.
He remains.
What happened.
That remains a mystery.
As Shyama realizes.
She is pregnant and waits to return.
Her villagers begin fleeing to seek refuge as the war between LTTE.
The Sri Lankan army goes full scale  affecting their village.
Shyama is initially stubborn to leave.
One says that he has seen Dileepan with bullet wounds in the forest near the mud lake.
Her relatives convince her.
She has to seek refuge.
The villagers board a boat.
Is a famous refugee hub.
Shyama s water breaks.
A local collector takes down the names.
She gives birth.
However  as soon  her urge to find her husband and be back home overwhelms her.
The baby is born.
She leaves.
The girl will lead a better life.
The film later shifts focus.
Where a young exuberant girl Amudha narrates.
She introduces her short-tempered but talented father  writer Thiruchelvan.
Who uses the pen name ` Indira.
Indira is Amudha s mother.
She has a younger brother named Vinay  with whom she always has childish frictions.
Another younger brother called Akhil.
Amudha s ninth birthday approaches.
Both her parents take her.
Indira later reminds Thiruchelvan.
They have promised themselves to reveal ` the truth.
Thiruchelvan brings Amudha to the beach.
She runs around  he reveals the truth.
She was adopted and is not their biological daughter.
She was adopted.
Her parents abandoned her.
Amudha is heavily disturbed and begins comparing and distancing herself from the family  seeing herself as an outsider.
Indira s father criticizes them.
Thiruchelvan and Indira are certain.
They have taken the right decision.
Amudha asks her parents to tell her the story.
She comes to be adopted.
The film then flashes previously in Rameswaram.
Where Thiruchelvan  then a budding writer  constantly travels and writes stories inspired by the people there.
Thiruchelvan sees a newborn baby girl  and writes a short story about.
Her mother found the urge to abandon her child and return.
Indira is his neighbour  and has always expressed interest.
Thiruchelvan   finds the urge to adopt the small baby girl and raise her  but realizes.
He will not be allowed to do so until he is married.
He then proposes to Indira.
Order to be able to adopt the baby.
Indira suggests the name ` Amudha   and then adopt the baby.
They marry each other.
Vinay was born few years  followed by the younger brother.
Thus  the family happened.
Amudha is rebellious and dissatisfied.
She requests to meet her biological mother despite Indira s insistence.
They ca nt possibly find the mother even if they wanted.
Thiruchelvan finally gives in and promises to take Amudha to find her biological mother.
The three travel to Sri Lanka and are greeted by Dr Herold Vikramsinghe.
Who is a Sinhalese  their guide.
Dr Herold Vikramsinghe too helps to find her biological mother.
Amudha and Indira s relationship strains.
Amudha becomes increasingly rude  while the family witnesses civil violence first hand as they travel to a village that is being bombed by the army to find Shyama only to realize that they have discovered the wrong Shyama.
Ideologically talking  Thiruchelvan and Vikramsinghe are captured by a group of LTTE rebels.
Thiruchelvan immediately recites Tamil poetry and is identified by the group s leader.
Thiruchelvan explains his motives  and even mentions the only evidence.
He has regarding Amudha s mother.
Her name is Shyama.
The group leader arranges a meet and says.
He will bring Shyama there.
It is later revealed.
Shyama is the group leader s sister.
The next day  on the meet  Vikramsinghe  Amudha  Indira  and Thiruchelvan wait.
A sudden series break out at the place.
The Sri Lankan army tries to infiltrate the hiding nearby.
Vikramsinghe urges.
They leave the place.
Amudha stays stubborn  causing Indira to be shot.
The family finally leaves the place.
Amudha  shaken.
What she saw.
What happened.
All leave the country and return home.
The next day  the family leaves but unexpectedly  Indira requests.
They drive.
An auto comes.
They wait.
Shyama gets down.
The meeting finally takes.
Place and Amudha asks Shyama a series.
Shyama is unable to answer  but also insists.
Her life will remain fighting in her country and that Amudha should live happily with her adopted parents.
Shyama leaves.
The film ends hugging each other as Shyama leaves.
A teary-eyed Amudha kisses her parents  re-affirming her love.
<EOS>
Boozy Arthur Bach and his chauffeur  Bitterman  dress up.
A formal dinner hosted.
The dinner is intended to announce Arthur.
Driving  an intoxicated Arthur is chased by police  arrested and released the next day.
Vivienne and her shrewd assistant Susan form a plan to have Susan marry Arthur to allow her to take control  ensuring stable leadership.
Arthur initially refuses  but is told.
He will be cut off if he does not marry Susan.
He reluctantly agrees and asks Susan s father  Burt Johnson.
Burt agrees.
The next day  Arthur meets Naomi  an illegal tour guide.
Whom he becomes attracted.
He arranges his wedding.
Arthur s nanny  Lillian Hobson - - gets to know and like Naomi.
Who normally dislikes all in women.
Arthur learns.
Naomi would like to have her children s book of Liberty published.
He attempts to find employment and other options.
That he will be able to keep seeing Naomi and not need the inheritance  but.
Hobson takes Arthur.
Where Arthur complains that it is depressing.
Him want to drink.
He proclaims  unintentionally brags  and turns to leave the meeting.
He is going to drink.
Hobson stands up and takes the bullet  giving Arthur s humiliating introduction.
Arthur  touched  states.
If only she would do his drinking as well  he would be set.
Arthur goes to see Naomi and tells her the truth.
He is engaged.
Naomi then tells him to leave.
Back home  Arthur calls to come and tell him.
She is.
Later  Hobson goes and asks her to give Arthur another chance.
She again falls ill and is taken.
Naomi calls Arthur to tell him.
What has happened.
He comes  meets Naomi and is about to make up with her.
Susan arrives and tells Naomi.
Arthur has bought the company that is handling the publication.
Upset  Naomi leaves the hospital.
Hobson comes home.
Arthur takes care.
The two begin to get along better.
However  a few days later  Hobson dies.
Arthur reverts.
Arthur gets drunk and finds Hobson s last letter to him.
Which she advises him to follow his heart.
Arthur decides   not to proceed with the marriage.
Susan and her father become belligerent and begin punching him.
Makes Vivienne realize that Susan is only.
Nevertheless  Vivienne still wants Susan to be Arthur s wife  so she again threatens him.
He pursues Naomi.
Arthur strips nearly naked to emphasise.
He wants no kind on his mother s money and runs to Naomi s apartment.
He tells her.
He just lost his mum but Naomi  still upset  says she ca nt replace Hobson and refuses any prospect of their getting back together.
Six months later  Arthur is now sober.
He has got back his inheritance.
He is managing the company s charity.
He goes - she will be giving at a library.
She has dedicated - and sees an advertisement for a.
Arthur goes and  this time  Naomi takes him back.
The two leave the library.
Bitterman drives them following in pursuit.
<EOS>
Hank Martin  an American mechanic  is knocked out and wakes up.
Here he finds romance with Sir Sagramore.
Unfortunately  the heroic Hank also incurs the hatred.
Merlin and Morgan plot to usurp his throne.
Hank persuades King Arthur  an aged  semi-perpetual  cold-in-the-nose invalid  to tour his kingdom.
He is returned.
When Hank tries to stop them.
Heartsick.
He loves.
Its owner  Lord Pendragon  sends him to see his niece.
Who looks just.
A highlight is the scene.
Which Hank Martin teaches the court musicians how to jazz up the medieval music they are playing.
However  the best-known song is Busy Doing Nothing by Jimmy Van Heusen and Johnny Burke.
Hank  Sir Sagramore and the King sing when they are strolling.
<EOS>
The film is a drama.
Whose late mother makes a shocking revelation.
She reveals.
Earl s biological mother was an Black American maid named Willa Mae  who was raped and that she died while giving birth to Earl.
His adoptive mother s dying wish is.
He go to meet his half-brother  Raymond Murdoch.
Ray blames Earl s father and does not want to speak to Earl.
Whose very presence reminds Ray.
But his loving Aunt T.
Welcomes Earl and insists the family accept him.
Earl initially takes the unexpected news.
He packs up his clothes and takes off for Chicago to find his brother.
He meets Ray.
Ray   agrees to meet him at a diner.
He really wants nothing to do.
There Ray reveals.
He knew all along that he had a half white brother and that he hates Earl s father because he feels that he is what killed his mother.
He says.
He does nt want or need a brother.
They go their separate ways.
But he encounters four black Chicago street toughs.
When Earl leaves and drives off.
Who rear end his truck.
He  being a trusting Southern good ol boy  leaves his keys.
When Earl gets out to survey the damage.
The toughs beat him up and steal his truck and his wallet.
He walks around and ends up in a hospital.
The hospital staff finds Ray s information and calls Ray.
He comes reluctantly.
The doctor tells him  no traveling is allowed.
Earl may have a concussion and needs to take it easy.
She also tells him  so he will have to take Earl home to recuperate.
The hospital is full.
Earl meets Aunt T  a kind and generous elderly woman.
Who is blind.
Aunt T.
Is Willa Mae s sister.
Thus  Earl s aunt.
Earl also meets Ray s son  Virgil  a city bus driver.
Who does nt appreciate a white southerner sleeping.
Earl s stay at the Murdoch residence is rocky.
Ray explains.
Earl is an old war buddy whose life he saved.
Aunt T reveals.
She knows who Earl really is.
Aunt T scolds Ray and Virgil for not welcoming a member of their family  no matter.
Different he is.
Earl overhears the discussion and leaves Ray s house  walking unknowingly.
Ray gives.
He welcome Earl.
He quickly locates him.
Earl obstinately refuses to come back  knowing.
He is not wanted.
The two argue.
Earl uses the word nigger to punctuate his disdain  seeing too late.
He has gone too far.
Angry  Ray tells Earl to stay away from him.
He heads back home.
Meanwhile  Earl wanders Chicago and gets drunk.
Where he is tossed out.
He ends up sleeping.
The next day  Ray has cooled.
S wishes  manages to find Earl.
Who apologizes.
The two begin to settle their differences.
Earl learns.
Virgil had a promising career that was shattered by an injury in college.
Virgil can not cope  and  the resulting bitterness has hurt his relationship with his family.
Ray and Earl bond together more as they find similarities.
Both served during the Korean War.
Where they received lifelong scars.
Ray reveals.
He once threw a rock that could have killed him when they were both very young  because of Ray s hatred towards Earl s father.
Later on   Earl takes Virgil aside and explains to him.
He is nt devoting himself to his wife and children in the way he should.
Both begin to have a grudging respect for the other.
The police unexpectedly find his truck operational  Aunt T.
Sits Earl and Ray down to tell them the dramatic tale Earl was born.
Willa Mae died.
Willa Mae knew.
She was likely to die.
Earl s life was saved only.
Who brought a white doctor where Willa Mae and Ray lived to help with the delivery.
Aunt T speculates.
Carrie and Willa Mae agreed that Earl  who was born  should be raised by Carrie and his biological father.
Aunt T.
Gives Earl a picture.
He keeps near.
Earl begins to accept his new family.
He convinces Ray to return to find their mother s grave.
Earl decides to take Ray to meet his southern family and tell them the unlikely story  ending the movie.
They share a drink.
When Earl s white nephew finds out he is part black  he will likely shoot the both.
<EOS>
A young Dave Buznik is about to kiss the girl of his dreams.
When a local bully  Arnie Shankman  pulls down his pants and underwear  embarrassing him.
This leaves Dave.
Dave Buznik lives in New York  working as a secretary for Frank  an abusive boss.
Who takes credit.
His problems also extend.
Her ex-boyfriend and best friend Andrew is constantly  and makes no resistance in being condescending to Dave.
Dave sits next.
Flying. 
Buddy irritates Dave.
Dave asks the flight attendant.
Buddy pressures Dave to watch a movie.
She ignores him.
She overreacts and demands.
When Dave asks her again.
He keep calm.
The flight s sky marshal appears  overreacting as well  and tasers Dave.
Dave is then arrested  tried  found guilty  and sentenced to anger management therapy.
Arriving  he discovers.
His therapist is Buddy.
There  Dave meets a diverse group.
Dave loses his temper more than once  mostly due.
Buddy tells Dave  recognizing Dave s problem as passive-aggressive anger.
He will have to attend double the entire therapy course.
His Anger Ally  played by John Turturro  get into a confrontation due to Chuck s anger.
Dave accidentally strikes a cocktail waitress.
Trying to stop a bar fight that Chuck had just started.
Dave ends up landing back in court.
There  brash Buddy enlists Dave  moving into Dave s apartment.
Where he finds various ways to aggravate him.
Buddy accompanies Dave to work.
Where he insults Dave s boss and Andrew  whose father knows Frank.
Dave is asked to tell him.
His mother is having minor surgery.
He exaggerates its seriousness.
Regretting his deceit  Dave confesses and Buddy forgives him  but vows to get him back.
Buddy then tells Dave.
He has to accompany him to check on his mother.
They stop at a restaurant.
There  Dave meets and goes home.
He later comes back after rejecting her out of loyalty to Linda.
Later  Dave is devastated to learn.
Buddy has told Linda.
Buddy reveals.
The woman is actually a former patient and that this was his way of getting back at Dave.
Buddy agrees.
When they get back  he will tell Linda the truth.
Buddy takes a detour to a Buddhist temple.
That Dave can confront Arnie.
Now a monk  he is remorseful  except for pulling down his pants.
When they were still kids.
Buddy quickly starts a confrontation.
He did to tease Arnie s nutty sister.
Dave beats Arnie  then he and Buddy are chased from the grounds.
Back  Dave attempts to propose to Linda but loses his nerve.
Disappointed  Linda suggests.
They take a break.
Later  Dave learns.
Buddy has started dating Linda.
He has an outburst and attacks Buddy  prompting him to end up.
Afterwards  Dave s boss browbeats him to return his latest assignment and gives the promotion Dave.
Was clamoring  to Andrew.
Fed up  Dave snaps  punches Andrew out after ordering him to stay away from Linda  humiliates his boss and orders.
Him to give him the promotion  to which he agrees.
Dave learns.
Buddy is taking Linda out game that night.
Assuming  he races  runs out onto the field.
Buddy has stolen his idea.
Security captures him and begins to remove him.
Them to allow Dave to speak.
He does have an anger problem and is willing to change.
Who agrees.
Overcoming his fear  he proceeds to do so and receives the news.
He has graduated.
Linda then explains.
How she first approached Buddy and that everything that has happened was a setup for Dave s therapy  the judge  the female flight attendant and the man who stole his seat were all friends of Buddy s and were part of the setup.
Dave  Linda  Buddy and the other therapy group members are celebrating Dave s graduation.
When a man approaches and asks.
The man pulls a gun and points it.
When Buddy steps forward.
Dave confronts the man  citing.
What he has learned.
The situation is defused.
When the man squirts water  revealing the pistol to be a toy.
Dave stating.
He s a friend.
The group laughs then sings together.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
The Naked Brothers Band begin filming a motion picture called The Top Secret Naked Brothers Band Musical Mystery Movie.
Nat tries to grapple.
Rosalina is trying to get herself written out.
He later discovers for winning a violin competition and becomes mad at her.
Rosalina is going to leave.
Meanwhile  Alex freaks.
When he finds out that he has to kiss his skateboarding buddy  Juanita.
Nat is moping around  he develops feelings for his costar  the renowned actress Miranda Cosgrove.
He feels confused.
Miranda suggested.
Nat should do something very nice  before she leaves for the cruise.
Nat finally accepts.
Rosalina is leaving and decides to perform a serenade with the band  by singing her his self-written composition  Your Smile  outside of her apartment.
In the subplots  Cooper becomes the new director of the movie.
Juanita did not have to kiss Alex --  instead Juanita only has to kick him.
It was only a typo.
<EOS>
Sara Matthews is starting her freshman year.
She meets Tracy  Stephen  her love interest  and Rebecca  her roommate.
Initially  the girls begin.
Rebecca learns.
Sara had an older sister  Emily  who died when Sara was.
Sara has Emily s name tattooed.
She also has an ex-boyfriend  Jason.
Who keeps calling her to try to reconcile.
Rebecca s obsession grows.
Time goes on.
Which causes her to become increasingly violent and that she tries to drive away anyone who could come.
Rebecca attacks Tracy and threatens to kill her.
She stays away.
Tracy moves.
An old friend named.
Irene  who is also a lesbian  invites her to move in.
She plans to insure and puts him.
When Sara tells that.
Sara will stay by taking Sara s pet kitten  Cuddles.
Rebecca lies and tells her.
The kitten ran away.
Rebecca plans to get the professor out.
When Sara s philandering fashion design professor kisses her.
Recording their dialogue to make it look like he was sexaully abusing her.
Later Rebecca lies once again by telling her she went looking for Cuddles but was raped and beaten bruatly by a street thug.
When  the wounds on Rebecca s body are.
Sara feels bad and decides to spend the Thanksgiving with Rebecca.
Sara overhears a conversation between Rebecca and her father  hinting Rebecca has had trouble making friends in the past.
Rebecca s mother mentions.
Rebecca is supposed to be taking medication.
Later  Sara and Rebecca encounter Maria  an old friend.
Whom Sara bares a striking resemblance.
She and Stephen later find.
A bottle is used to treat schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
But the bottle is full  implying.
Rebecca did nt take any pills.
Sara  worried decides to move in.
What would happen.
Irene goes.
Where she sees Rebecca.
They make out.
Irene  not knowing  goes back.
Rebecca is Sara s roommate.
The following morning  Sara goes.
She s not there.
Rebecca gets.
Sara s sister s name tattooed as Sara  saying that Sara can now think of Rebecca as her sister.
A shocked Sara realizes.
Rebecca is obsessed and packs all her things  except her sister s necklace  which she ca nt find.
Jason arrives and slips a note under her door  saying.
He wants to see her.
Rebecca reads the note  impersonates Sara  and dyes her hair to look like Sara.
She then goes  and stabs him.
Later  Sara gets a text  saying.
She needs her right away.
Sara informs Stephen.
She will be.
She finds.
When she gets there.
Irene held hostage with a pistol.
Rebecca reveals.
She was responsible and that she did it all to win Sara s friendship.
Rebecca forgives her  but wants to kill Irene to finally have Sara all to herself.
When Sara apologizes.
Stephen arrives just to help stop Rebecca from pulling the trigger on Irene.
Stephen is knocked unconscious.
Sara is left dangling out.
Sara reaches to shoot Rebecca  knowing  however  the cartridge is empty.
Rebecca pulls Sara back.
How homicidal she is and that she will continue to harm others close.
Enraged  Rebecca picks up Sara and attempts to squeeze her to death.
Sara stabs Rebecca were never my friend.
And kills her.
Sara moves back and moves the extra bed out of her room  proclaiming.
She does not want a roommate.
<EOS>
An elder patriarch  Ratan Malhotra  and his wife have a happy household.
Consists. 
Ramesh marries Kala  daughter  well placed judge.
Gauri s marriage is fixed.
However.
Lost his memory.
Raja and Gauri meet.
Where Gauri realizes that Raja is her husband and wants to make it big.
Ratan and Shanti end up in search of Gauri and face an embittered Kala.
Who blames them  insults them and throws them out of the house.
Ramesh recovers his memory and returns  only to realize.
His sister s wedding was called off due to lack of money and his older brother had to sell of their ancestral property to repay the loan.
Holding Kala responsible  he separates and begins to search.
Raja makes it big.
His father learns a lesson.
Raja  Gauri  Ramesh  Kala  Ratan and Shanti have a reunion.
Everyone lives happily ever.
<EOS>
An aristocratic family is torn down.
He leaves alone his widow wife and five.
His eldest son  Ahmed  takes the role and helps his mother take care of his brother and sisters.
Mamdouh  his brother  is a self-centered man.
Who refuses to follow his brother s step and decides to make his own decisions.
Meanwhile   Layla falls in love with her piano teacher  a married man.
Who is years older than she is  and marries him.
The other two daughters accept their conditions and move on.
Layla and Mamdouh s impetuous decisions result.
Layla divorces her husband shortly.
Mamdouh dies after a quarrel.
Ahmed finds the strength to face his brother s death and enrolls.
His sister falls with another soldier in the war  and Ahmed.
Himself falls with a woman and marries her.
<EOS>
The Manchus take over sovereignty of China and establish the Qing Dynasty.
The Qing government immediately imposes a ban forbidding the common people.
Nationalistic sentiments start brewing.
Fire-Wind sees the new law to make a fortune and offers to help the government execute the new rule.
Greedy  cruel and immoral  Fire-Wind ravages northwest China  killing thousands of pugilists as well as innocent civilians.
His next goal is to attack Martial Village.
Houses a large number.
Fu Qingzhu  a retired executioner  feels an urge to stop Fire-Wind s brutality.
Who served.
He sets forth to save Martial Village.
He brings two young villagers  Han Zhibang and Wu Yuanying  to Mount Heaven.
To seek help.
Shadow-Glow allows his four students to accompany the trio.
He also gives each a special sword.
He forged.
The seven title themselves Seven Swords.
The Seven Swords return and succeed in driving away Fire-Wind s soldiers.
The Seven Swords advance.
Order to buy time to prepare for an evacuation.
Chu Zhaonan encounters Fire-Wind s Korean slave girl  Green Pearl  and brings her along.
They make their escape.
Strange things start happening along the way.
The party makes its exodus.
Their food and water supplies are mysteriously poisoned.
Their trail is marked.
The Seven Swords realize and understand.
There is a spy.
They must eliminate him / her up.
Green Pearl immediately becomes a suspect.
She does not speak their language.
The situation is further complicated.
Once  Green Pearl leads Chu and manages to escape despite suffering serious injuries.
Chu is captured.
Green Pearl manages to inform the other swordsmen.
She dies.
The other six swordsmen travel and engage him in a fierce battle to rescue Chu Zhaonan.
The spy  Qiu Dongluo  reveals his identity and begins killing the unsuspecting villagers systematically.
He is discovered and eventually killed by her.
However  Liu is traumatized and turns hysterical.
Meanwhile  the Seven Swords defeat and slay Fire-Wind  forcing his army to retreat temporarily.
The swordsmen return  only to find  except for Liu Yufang and the children.
All the villagers have been killed.
Han Zhibang calms Liu down and decides to stay behind and protect the survivors.
The Seven Swords realize.
The only way to save the jianghu is to persuade the emperor to withdraw the Martial Arts Ban.
Liu tells Han.
She can take care away to join his comrades as they travel towards the capital city.
<EOS>
Hope is a night shift waitress.
Who has made several mistakes.
She leaves Ohio  trying to make a living as an entertainer.
She meets Will.
Who is desperate to win her back.
They get involved.
Hope realizes.
She needs to break free  if she wishes to make her dream come true  so she cuts off all ties to Will.
Will  however  is prepared to go.
They stay together - even.
Towards the end  Hope is shown instead of her own regular customers.
One is the waitress.
<EOS>
Hooper  replacements fresh  are assigned to separate companies in the 327th Glider Infantry Regiment  101st Airborne Division.
Layton receives a chilly welcome.
Holley returns after recuperating from a wound.
The squad is trucked back to the front to help stop a surprise German breakthrough in the Ardennes.
They stop that night.
The platoon is put up with.
Whom Holley hopes to fraternize.
The next morning  led.
Kinnie  they are ordered to dig.
They are moved and have to dig again.
As their positions are nearly prepared.
Holley  Layton  and Kippton stand guard that night.
A patrol.
I.
S  infiltrates their position and later blows up a nearby bridge.
The squad awakes to a heavy winter storm.
Roderigues  a latino  is delighted by the novelty of snow.
His foxhole mate Pop Stazak  awaiting a dependency discharge  is unimpressed.
Will send him home.
Layton goes over to see his friend Hooper  only to find.
He had been killed hours before.
Kinnie informs the squad and sends out a patrol -- Holley  Roderigues  and Jarvess.
To search the woods.
The platoon is shelled  causing Bettis to panic and run away.
Before they start out.
Layton informs his squad leader  Sgt.
Wolowicz.
He has been accepted.
Holley s patrol encounters and briefly skirmishes.
Roderigues is wounded from an enemy tank.
He is unable to walk  so Holley hastily conceals him  promising to return for him.
Unfortunately.
They can get back.
Wolowicz  wounded  and a sick Standiferd are sent back to a field hospital.
Holley becomes the new squad leader  partnered.
Pop Stazak is paired.
They find out.
They are making a heroic stand  and that the 101st is surrounded.
Moved again and again  3rd Platoon is attacked.
Hansan is wounded.
When it appears they will be overrun.
Holley loses his nerve and runs away.
Layton follows Holley.
Ashamed  Holley leads a flanking counterattack.
Defeats the German attack.
Jarvess s partner  Abner Spudler  is killed.
The squad runs.
P.
Duty and gets a hot meal.
Holley shows his indifference to the plight of civilian victims  angering Jarvess.
Who was a newspaper columnist.
Holley discovers.
Layton is a quick learner  finding him being entertained.
Later  while  they encounter a party of Germans.
Who have come to offer Brig.
Gen.
McAuliffe terms  McAuliffe gives the puzzled Germans his famous answer  Nuts!The actual incident involved F Company  2nd Battalion  327th Glider Infantry on December 22  near Marvie  southeast of Bastogne.
The squad is short of supplies - supply transport aircraft are grounded.
Several men attend impromptu outdoor Christmas services held.
That night  the German Luftwaffe bombs Bastogne.
Denise is killed.
The walking wounded   are called back to duty for a last-ditch defense of the town.
Bettis  slowed  is killed by a collapsing house shaken by an explosion.
The weather clears  allowing Allied fighters to attack the Germans and C-47 transports to drop supplies  enabling the 101st to hold.
The squad is down.
Afterward  the siege lifted  Kinnie leads the survivors.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Bombay attended.
The Ducks experience many early struggles  playing  Orion abandoning several Duck traditions  and off-ice conflicts with the Varsity team  culminating in a tie in an exhibition game  after having a huge lead.
Eventually   Charlie decides to leave the team.
When Coach Orion restricts the old Ducks uniform.
Fulton follows  but later considers quitting hockey and reverting before joining the Ducks in the first film.
But even later  he returns.
This is a subplot dealing with Charlie s transition from childhood to adolescence.
He struggles.
He informs Charlie.
The team will be under Coach Orion s tutelage.
Angry out alienates him from his mother  Hans  and even his friends.
The Ducks  struggles appear to continue.
Their mentor  Hans  passes away.
Bombay comes the day following the funeral and takes Charlie back to Eden Hall.
He tells Charlie.
He stayed to care.
Bombay says.
He told Orion that Charlie was the heart and soul.
It was his hope.
Both Orion and Charlie would learn something.
Touched  Charlie agrees to rejoin the team.
Arriving  Charlie tells Orion.
He wants to play two-way hockey.
Surprised but pleased  Coach Orion welcomes him back.
Dean Buckley  the school s headmaster  informs the team.
Its board wants to revoke the Ducks  scholarships and offers Orion a chance to start anew with a team of his choice.
Satisfied  Coach Orion balks at the news  threatening resignation.
He gets Bombay to fight.
He does successfully.
Orion brings back the Duck jerseys.
The Varsity dominates on offense.
However  the Ducks play good defense and manage to keep the game scoreless.
Dean Portman returns to the team  adding a needed spark.
Late  the Ducks get two penalties and must play 5 vs.
Orion renames Charlie captain and tells him to go for the win.
The opportunity presents itself.
Charlie passes the puck back to Goldberg  now a defenseman  for the Ducks.
Who scores expires  securing a 1-0 victory.
Charlie embraces Orion and spots Bombay.
Who has attended the game.
They both look across.
Bombay  then departs the game   with a smile.
<EOS>
Emily and her sister Danielle play host.
The weekend is poised.
Murph  Emily s boyfriend  has chosen this occasion to propose  their respective  and Danielle s alienated boyfriend scores by supplying the drugs.
Best friends seem to be hitting it off.
But  some begin to suffer from a weird reaction.
When his bag livens up the party.
Inexplicable violence abruptly brings down their high.
<EOS>
Erik  son  is reluctant to try dancing.
Most do.
His first attempt ends with him being stuck in the ice headfirst and peeing in embarrasment in front of everyone  making him subjected to ridicule.
Like his father had been.
Erik and his two best friends  Bodicea and Atticus  follow Ramon to Adelie-Land and find.
Adelie-Land has been ruled.
Sven is the only one  he survived the loss of his native fishing grounds by his miraculous ability to fly.
Erik instantly becomes enamored.
Who takes a liking.
Sven and Lovelace the rockhopper penguin tell the others.
They were saved.
The two eventually flee and end up.
Where Sven performs his first miracle.
Sven uses.
His power Think to help Ramon find a mate.
Ramon instantly falls with Carmen  another Adelie penguin.
Who is uninterested.
Mumble follows the chicks  footprints.
Them to return.
They refuse.
Sven sends Erik back with Mumble.
Meanwhile  a couple are in the midst of a swarm.
Will is an adventurous and existentialist krill determined to discover.
What lies.
His friend  Bill  reluctantly follows him to ensure his safety.
Will and Bill realize.
Separated. 
Krill are.
Inspired  Will ventures out to evolve and move up the food chain.
Meanwhile  Mumble tells Erik.
He is unique and that he will someday find his calling.
Erik dismisses his advice.
The penguins encounter Bryan the Beach Master and his two young sons.
Trying to cross a perilous ice bridge.
Who refuse to let the penguins pass.
Suddenly the ice gives away.
Bryan is trapped below the ice.
Mumble sets out to free Bryan.
It chases him down.
Seeking acceptance  Mumble is disheartened to learn.
Erik attributed the feat to Sven Think.
Bryan returns.
They discover.
When the penguins return.
A large iceberg has trapped the Emperor Penguin population.
Bo ventures out  the Amigos and the Adelie penguins to bring fish to the doomed Emperor penguins.
Meanwhile  Mumble  Erik and Atticus deliver meager supplies to the trapped penguins.
Erik attempts to deliver a fish by flying and nearly tossing himself over the edge of the iceberg.
Mumble scolds Erik  saying.
No penguin can fly and that none will be able to escape.
He begins to break down.
Erik realizes Emperor-Land is destined to die.
Gloria sends Mumble off  calming Erik and the rest of the hysterical.
Bill becomes inspired to create another swarm of krill.
Will refuses  preferring to adhere.
The next morning  a large flock attack the trapped.
Noah the Elder encourages the penguins to stand up through perseverance and unity.
Bo returns.
When all hope seems lost.
Sven orchestrates a cooperative effort to feed the trapped Emperor Penguins.
Meanwhile  Will becomes increasingly agitated and leaves him into the Adelie feeding swarm  to join fellow predators.
He is attached to a fish carried by Sven and down into the trapped.
The humans find a way out.
Saved Sven and Lovelace come again to help the penguins.
However  a blizzard approaches and causes the humans to flee and not return.
Sven reports.
The ocean has frozen over significantly.
There is no chance.
Erik urges Sven to teach the penguins.
To fly.
Sven reveals.
He is not a penguin.
He admits.
He was lonely and grew to love the penguins who accepted him as a family.
Mumble   begins to tap-dance on the ice and lead the Adelie penguins in a dance to force snow between the ice and weaken it.
The plan works.
Several chunks break loose  sending Bo  Atticus  and a portion as well as several Chinstrap  Little Blue and Magellanic penguins into the doomed crevice.
Erik and Lovelace tumble.
Mumble grabs the thread.
The thread snaps.
Lovelace falls.
Quickly  Mumble and the Amigos pull.
Erik is holding and pull him up.
Mumble injures his foot and is unable to dance and lead the Adelies.
Ramon realizes and professes their love.
Carmen is trapped below and  risking his own life  jumps off the iceberg to be.
Sven becomes aware and proves himself to be a worthy dancer despite public outcry against him.
He leads the remaining Adelies.
Erik and Mumble venture off.
Meanwhile  Will  weary he experienced as a predator on the surface  ventures back into the sea to find Bill  but not before experiencing the penguin s dancing.
He is suddenly forced down a crack beneath.
He reunites.
Who tell him he has the purpose.
They followed him below.
Bill told the swarm on the food chain and their lives as pure herbivores.
Mumble and Erik arrive.
Where Bryan is.
Mumble pleads seals to help free the Emperor Penguins.
Bryan  initially hesitant to return a favor  refuses.
Erik  however  commends Mumble and lectures Bryan for his lack of kindness towards him through operatic singing.
The elephant seals travel.
The penguins and the seals begin slamming the ice.
Finally  the iceberg crumbles enough to climb out of the crevice and reunite with their families.
<EOS>
Pussyfoot is napping.
When Claude kicks her off to claim the pillow.
Marc Anthony attacks Claude  forcing him to return Pussyfoot to her pillow.
The conniving Claude schemes to convince Filbert  the animals  stodgy master.
Marc Anthony is trying to eat Pussyfoot.
Claude s scheme is successful.
Marc Anthony is thrown out.
Claude indulges without Marc Anthony  taunting the dog by openly abusing Pussyfoot in front of him.
Marc Anthony manages to find ways to beat up  eventually eliciting the cat s surrender.
He remains.
Marc Anthony forces Claude to his crimes and  after being vindicated  is let back into the house and back to the side of his beloved Pussyfoot.
Claude  meanwhile  is tossed out and is promptly run over.
Claude bemoans his bad day.
<EOS>
Roy Fleming is fairground operator.
He still lives with his parents and suffers from extreme acrophobia.
His father Arbuckle wants better things  so he sends an application to NASA.
Roy later learns.
NASA has accepted him.
Supervisor Donelli places him.
When Roy arrives.
Roy accepts the disappointment and unsuccessfully tries to explain things.
Who believe that he is an astronaut.
Meanwhile  he is befriended.
One day  Roy is alarmed to discover.
His father and his friends  Plank and Rush are paying him a surprise visit.
Anxious to please his domineering father  he dons a space suit and pretends to be an astronaut.
Arbuckle a World War I veteran  tells his friends  he is proud.
Roy is now serving his nation.
Roy is exposed as a janitor by Donelli and summarily fired in the presence of his father.
NASA moves quickly.
When the Russians plan to trump NASA.
Roy is found  rehired  and selected as the man least likely to venture into space and sent aloft.
His father watches.
The janitor story was a ploy.
Roy gets peanut butter into the guidance system and is in danger of being marooned in space.
He remembers the retro rockets and launches them  bringing the capsule safely home.
Roy is hailed  and marries his sweetheart Ellie Jackson.
<EOS>
FSB colonel Chernov was investigating a money laundering crimes.
Sent  his sharpened sense of justice keep him from assured rest.
When Chernov suddenly founds that a millions of dollars are settling.
Chernov decides to return them.
But many more people dream to possess.
<EOS>
Victor Robinson has just moved with his family.
He hears the sounds.
When his son  Jesse  finds an old Edison invention and begins to play it.
This is followed  this is surrounded by strange occurrences around the house.
He believes  he also believes.
When Victor discovers that two children were murdered before.
They are trying to contact him.
Their neighbor is responsible.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
Where a few upper caste men hold a chariot festival.
Antony along pull the chariot in to their slum.
They naturally incur the wrath.
Meanwhile his daughter Rajeswari falls with Daas.
Her sister elopes to marry a lower caste boy Guna  a classmate.
Coming to know  Annachi sends his men to bump off the couple.
Eventually  Annachi set the couple ablaze.
An angry Rajeswari elopes with Daas and vows to get married.
The couple then seeks refuge in Madurai.
He promises to get them married.
However coming to know  Annachi s men reach Madurai to foil their plans.
Nasser s father Vappa promises to get them united.
Enters Sadiq  Nasser s brother.
Who plans to let loose terror in the name of Jehad.
Rajeswari forms the rest.
Daas emerges triumphant and marries.
<EOS>
This film is a love story.
Their love is not approved.
<EOS>
Again and again  people disappear.
Dr Straker and a search team are sent to find out.
The geologists have lost radio contact.
They arrive  but soon find the neatly gnawed bones of their colleagues and a trail.
Leads them.
Once they find only the cleanly gnawed bones of the workers.
Soon it becomes clear.
There is a murderous beast.
The researchers decided to investigate the structure.
Sheer hell breaks loose.
The creature  composed  hunts them for their bones.
A game continues through the desert  with the team being slowly picked off and the bug and bone monster eventually being chased down in a derelict mine building.
Zack finds it hard to decide to kill the yellow brain bug.
Controls the swarm that has killed dozens.
He eventually does so.
Suddenly  the derelict building starts to fall down  leaving Zack and Mikki to run back.
Where they find they are now the only survivors.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The tailor s handyman burns a count s trousers.
Is fired.
His superior discovers.
A note explaining the count ca nt attend a party  and dresses up to take his place.
Chaplin also goes hosting the party  but runs into the tailor.
They both then struggle to win the fair maiden  Miss Moneybags.
Soon  Charlie is distracted.
The tailor must fend off other suitors.
The real Count finally arrives  learns and calls the police.
Chaplin makes a mad dash and scampers away to safety.
<EOS>
The story is based.
The story begins.
The takeover actually make it difficult to pinpoint the exact period of time the film is based  it an educated guess suggests that it is the 1950s because of a bicycle and an appearance of a photographer.
Thus blinding himself permanently.
The village boys see a stranger  Yu Chen.
They believe.
She is the one who caused his injury  so they raise an alarm and pursue her.
She runs  and finds.
Herself face to face.
Jia Kuan s demeanor is friendly.
He smiles.
The village boys catch up and start yelling.
This girl harmed his father.
Yu Chen can not defend herself.
She is a mute.
Luckily Jia Kuan does nt believe them  so they all go.
Who inevitably confirms that he had hurt himself.
Yu Chen begins to live with Jia Kuan and his father.
She cooks  and takes on a small maternal role in their family.
Yu Chen is mute  she communicates by writing words onto Jia Kuan s father s hand.
It is.
Jia Kuan s father discovers that Yu Chen was because she was looking for her brother  as her parents had died.
The story carries on without further exploring Yu Chen s background.
Jia Kuan is.
However Zhu Ling is not interested.
His childish manner aims to gain her love.
Instead she carries an affair.
<EOS>
The film begins.
The story  Don the Cockroach  opens atop a mountain.
Lives a cheerful cockroach named Don.
Who is shown frolicking and generally enjoying his life.
One day   he is suddenly crushed.
Don scurries.
The narrator Gilliam remarks.
This does not matter.
Cockroaches are not very interesting.
The story then shifts.
Who crushed Don  then  then to the brother s friend  then to the friends employer  and so forth.
Eventually the chain reaches a cleaning lady.
Who is involved.
The film then loops back  replaying the events.
Have already occurred.
An intertitle appears  announcing  and promising.
The animator responsible has been sacked.
The next one will be better.
The next segment  entitled The Albert Einstein Story  revolves around an English man  and is quite interesting.
Who happens to share the name.
The new narrator says.
Einstein is very good  and that his hands are very good to him.
However  they once stayed out late at night  carousing  misbehaving  and even cheating by shaking other hands.
One was once seen out with a foot  causing a scandal in the upper-class society of hands.
Who were prejudiced.
The film then cuts.
The curtains draw - Yours truly  Terry Gilliam appear.
Next the film cuts.
A lonely old man receives a Christmas card.
A series are then shown coming to life in bizarre ways  connected only by the Three Wise Men.
Who follow the Star from one card to another.
Suddenly the postman returns and takes the card back  apologising.
<EOS>
The film is narrated.
It begins  however  he does nt go too far to avoid being haunted and killed.
Later  a journalist named.
Alan Foster visits Poe to drive him out.
He is forced to challenge the horror writer.
This leads.
Foster is surprised.
Who appear to be.
Ghosts appear to him throughout the night  re-enacting the events and driving Foster to madness.
Led. 
He meets the following ghosts  Elisabeth Blackwood.
Who falls.
The ghosts reveal their true nature  they are nt actually ghosts but vampires with ghostly powers.
They need Foster s blood to maintain their existence.
Elisabeth tries to save Foster.
She loves him.
He succeeds  Distracted and careless  he pushes the door so hard.
He is smashed and is sliced to death by razors on the main gate.
But at least he is nt transformed.
<EOS>
This episodes begins.
Jerry got.
Sprinkled. 
Tom notices Jerry.
Tom turns.
He waves.
He did it the second time and turns it up.
He licks the mouse.
When he turn it up.
Tom swallows it and explodes.
The title cards are shown.
Tom is knocked cold while chasing Jerry.
However  he is revived.
Bernard dog of brandy.
The alcohol makes Tom drunk.
He starts seeing hallucinations.
Tom counts 1  2 .
He sees hallucinations.
He seems to see countless holes.
Tom hiccups  causing him to get frozen solid  requiring the St.
Bernard s assistance once again.
Tom escapes with Jerry to a tropical island.
Where he is knocked out.
Fortunately  help is.
Bernard appears once again to revitalise Tom.
Tom once again becomes intoxicated and meanders out  with the rescue hound and Jerry waving goodbye and The End appearing on a red circle.
<EOS>
Socialite Lois Frazer wants a divorce.
He s not ready to let her go so easy.
Suspecting  she calls Lieutenant Ed Cullen.
He intends to murder her.
Whom she s been having an affair.
Dies. 
When Ed arrives someone.
It s not Lois.
Ed finds himself the ironic and dangerous position of being assigned a case.
No one knows he actually witnessed.
Ed also has the misfortune of having his own younger brother  a new detective on the force  by his side every step of the way  eager to prove himself.
<EOS>
Sweet but nerdy 15-year old Louise Miller knocks on the door of a strange looking house  hoping to use the phone.
Instead she finds a strange but welcoming woman  the seer Madame Serena.
Who is stunned to realize that Louise is a reincarnated witch and an old friend.
Her magical powers return to her through a powerful amulet.
She lost.
She casts a popularity spell to win the hottest guy without earning his love.
That Louise has the power to make her dreams come true.
Louise then becomes the most popular girl while getting back at her harassing English teacher  Mr Weaver  and the cheerleaders.
Who never respected her.
Spell gets out of hand.
Realizing  Louise gives up her power to make her own happy ending.
Believing is the true magic.
<EOS>
Young  optimistic psychiatrist Dr Donovan MacLeod wants to prove his theory.
Mental patients can benefit.
His method  with no violence or punishment  is met with a great deal of resistance from his unyielding and self-righteous head nurse  Lucretia Terry.
Who believes for treating the mentally ill.
Head is.
Terry s assistant  nurse Bracken  supports her superior s stand.
MacLeod s ideas prevail in spite of the opposition and meet some success.
Patients include a distraught mother  Lorna Medford  a former prostitute  Marion  a pyromaniac  Edna  and a former schoolteacher  Irene.
<EOS>
British  French  Dutch and Polish Prisoners  of many other nationalities  are sent to Oflag IV-C  a supposedly secure castle in Saxony  in the heart of Germany  during World War II.
Who have repeatedly made escape attempts but have been recaptured.
The different nationalities try to initiate their own plans.
The Senior British Officer steps in and suggests.
The coordination fails.
One is supplying information to the German guards.
Plans remain secret.
He is discovered.
There then follow a number  some successful  some not.
The prisoners are high-spirited and eager to needle the Germans.
The escape officer assists in the escape of other prisoners and finally carries out his own escape.
The culmination  his successful crossing into Switzerland  is not depicted in the film.
<EOS>
Inspired as the father and daughter.
Who lack a much needed bond.
Ben  a horse trainer  neglects his own aspiring daughter.
Who takes his work very seriously.
He pours his heart that he trains.
Determined to make good  Cale prods him one morning to take her along to work by standing in front of his pickup truck.
As he starts to head out.
Ben  reluctant  finally gives in and drives off with her in tow.
Cale continues to prod her father to take her along on some of his work trips  and succeeds.
One morning  however  while  a horse named.
Sonador falls  injuring herself badly enough that Ben s boss  Palmer  demands the horse be put down.
Having Cale along  Ben refuses and strikes a bargain.
Ben  now the owner  with no job.
Facing foreclosure  decides to breed Sonador.
Cale  having fallen at first sight of Sonador before the accident  begins to sneak out to the barn at night to see her.
Cale also sneaks.
Who loves teaching his young and aspiring horse-loving granddaughter.
One day  overhearing her father s conversation  Lily  Cale hears.
Her father say that Sonador has ruined them  to which Lily emotionally responds that Sonador is the best thing that has ever happened  alluding to the fact that Ben has finally been spending much needed time with Cale.
Emotionally hurt  Cale sets out to run away and saddles up Sonador.
Not knowing  Ben enters the barn.
The door slams  sitting atop Sonador.
As his eye catches Cale s.
Suddenly startled  Sonador bolts out.
Ben scrambles and sets out after them.
This incident begins to cement the newly-forming bond  and also begins to heal the wounds of the whole family.
Had grown.
Sonador goes.
<EOS>
A inmate named Salem escapes.
His destination is the house.
His quest is revenge.
He sets.
Is an Inspector.
Who must determine if Anton is really crazy and discover if Salem was really framed.
<EOS>
The once again flat broke.
Straw Hats witness a suspicious exchange.
Nami immediately senses money and endeavors to convince the host to give her.
Whatever information he had given him.
The other Straw Hats join.
And soon he is persuaded.
He shows them  behind.
They find a long and winding tunnel.
That tunnel leads.
Where a number have a gathering.
The island they are  turns out to be the starting point of an irregularly occurring  anything-goes sailing competition.
The Straw Hats weigh.
Whether it is wise to join  considering that two giants and a crew of fish-men  who were once the rivals of Arlong s gang  were participating as well.
But  not entering is out.
They learn the height.
They receive an eternal pose  to lead them to the goal of the race.
Free food is available.
Luffy makes extensive use.
His eating habit quickly angers the bounty hunter Shuraiya Bascud  as well as a group of men from General Gasparde s crew.
Gasparde is a deserted marine  and said to be the race s favorite.
A fight arises.
They find themselves standing.
Luffy and Shuraiya beat up his men.
He is impressed and offers both of them to work under him.
They refuse.
Luffy finds some insulting words to do it and is caught off guard.
Luffy s courage impresses Gasparde even more.
He renews his offer  orders Needles to let go  and leaves the room.
The next morning  a strong ocean current starts the race.
As soon  the various crews start shooting broadsides  board each others  ships  and ram their competitors out.
They are.
But  the field quickly clears up  leaving the Straw Hats time eat.
The island is left behind.
Zoro discovers a boy named Amaguma.
Inspecting the ship.
Who had stowed away to earn money.
The race continues.
They arrive at the island.
The eternal pose is pointing.
The eternal poses were all mislabeled and led the fleet into reach of the cannons of the navy stronghold Navarone.
Luffy has no doubt.
Whose fault it is.
They turn around and using Choppers fine nose  attempt to catch up.
Shuraiya   turns to take revenge for Gasparde s killing his parents and sister.
Who had followed Gasparde s invitation to come along.
He fights Needles and throws him  but stands no chance against Gasparde s Logia-type powers.
Allow him to turn parts or all into liquid or solid candy.
The general is about to kill the bounty hunter  and catch his attention.
When the Straw Hats arrive.
Luffy confronts him.
The two engage.
Any attack causes his limbs to get stuck.
Luffy throws.
Can he overcome the villain s ability.
After Sanji gives two sacks to Luffy.
Anaguma turns out to be a girl and Shuraiya s thought-dead sister  Adele Bascud.
The Straw Hats are about to arrive.
All their competitors taken out.
When a fleet appears and forces them to abandon their prize money.
<EOS>
Young David Kinemon  son  longs to be treated like a man by his family and neighbors  especially Esther Hatburn  the pretty girl.
Who lives.
However  he is continually reminded.
He is still a boy  tol ` able enough  but no man.
He eventually gets a chance to prove himself.
Little Buzzard  distant cousins  move into the Hatburn farm  against the will of Esther and her grandfather.
Esther initially tells David not to interfere  saying.
He s no match.
Later  the cousins kill David s pet dog and cripple his older brother.
The latter is delivering mail and taking passengers.
David s father sets out to administer vigilante justice  but has a heart attack.
David is determined to go in his father s place.
His mother talks him out  arguing.
The household  including his brother s wife and infant son  depends on him.
The family is then turned out and are forced to move into a small house in town.
David asks but is told.
He is too young.
He does find work though.
Later   David finally has a chance to drive the hack.
When the hack s regular driver is fired.
He loses the mailbag.
Where it is found.
David goes to demand the mailbag.
He is refused and gets with the cousins.
Which he is shot.
David then shoots Iscah and the younger son.
Later   emerges victorious.
Esther flees and makes it to the village  telling.
David has been killed.
He  arrives.
A crowd prepares to go look.
Injured. 
It is clear.
David  no longer merely tol ` able  is a real man and a hero.
<EOS>
Bugs is hunted by a dog named Willoughby.
The dog falls.
Every trap Bugs sets until they both fall off a cliff at the end.
<EOS>
The boys are recruited by the police chief as police officers.
The head warns the police commissioner.
He must capture the ape man that is terrorizing the city.
He will have his job.
The boys get a tip and head out to catch him.
The ape man is burglarizing a particular store.
They patrol the store.
Whose tail happens to swing simultaneously.
The tail gets caught eventually  causing the cat to screech  and Curly to scurry away.
They encounter a live gorilla  and the thugs.
There. 
Are running the racket.
Who is conspiring to remove the chief so he can be the successor.
The gorilla was taken and not used to this job.
The Stooges proceed to beat up the thugs.
Shocks Larry and Moe.
But beforehand  the gorilla drinks a bottle.
The thugs were carrying.
This causes the gorilla to explode.
Curly growls at the severed gorilla head.
He is holding.
Growls back.
<EOS>
His HIV infected blood arrives in Japan.
Where a young scientist who is researching vampires hides it for later experiments.
Shutaro Ishikawa killed.
Who works for a pharmaceutical company discovers a scandal  but gets.
He can make it public.
He accidentally receives some of Draculas blood.
The young scientist tells the daughter to drop blood on his ashes to let him revive.
One year later Shutaro is reborn.
His goal is to avenge his murder by feasting on the necks of the strong and virile  rapidly spreading HIV.
<EOS>
<EOS>
The hero has been brought up by Madhavan and his wife and grows up working in Madhavan s fertilizer unit.
It was Unnikrishnan s hard work.
Led in life.
Madhavan s son Ulpalakshan is Unnikrishnan s constant companion.
One day   Unnikrishnan intervenes and beats the goons.
When a gang attack Madhavan in a bid to vacate him from his land.
And then things take such a turn.
He s forced to leave the place.
He lands.
Where a rich man lives.
Ganapathy Iyer   employs Unnikrishnan.
Who uses a wheelchair.
Who becomes his virtual shadow.
He comes across a girl in the streets.
Who is being chased shouting ` Thief  Thief.
Ulpalakshan too comes and gets into Iyer s service.
Ganapathy Iyer reveals  but had to leave the country  and had lost touch with her.
He had loved a woman named Savithri.
He had come to know later.
Savithri had even given birth.
He could never find the whereabouts.
He wants Unnikrishnan to help him trace them.
Unnikrishnan and Ulpalakshan feel and so plan to bring and to tell him.
It s not easy trace Savithri and her daughter.
Savithri was no more  hoping that this would help Ganapathy recover.
Then one day  Ulpalakshan brings and presents her before Iyer.
Unnikrishnan is shocked to find.
The girl  Shalu  is none other.
Forms the rest.
What happens.
<EOS>
Takeshis progresses.
Beat Takeshi  a prominent actor  meets a look-alike named Mr Kitano.
Who is a struggling actor.
Mr Kitano s dreams take a violent  surreal turn.
The film opens.
American soldiers move down the fallen base filled up with bodies of Japanese combatants.
One appears to be Takeshi.
This opening scene is followed.
Where one plays the principal role.
Flashbacks are frequently used throughout the film.
Beat Takeshi is a showbiz star.
He lives.
Where main casts appear.
The first appearance sequence also introduces some repetitive motives of Takeshis.
The caterpillar  a female impersonator of taishu engeki  tap dancers in a rehearsal set  Akihiro Miwa Mr Kitano  the other protagonist  appears in a clown costume among the guys in a wardrobe of TV station.
Mr Kitano is an everyman  obsessed.
Mr Kitano seeks his heartthrob charisma s autograph.
When two Takeshis encounter.
Beat Takeshi gives the autograph ironically.
Kitano  earning a living  never gets ahead as an actor.
He begins to fantasize himself.
Fragments crosses over into his life.
We see bizarre things accompanied.
He is moonlighting.
Kitano then happens to pick up a gun.
He shoots first his yakuza neighbor  and begins to kill people.
The film implies.
It is some kind  showing deceased guys appear again in blood and yell alive normally.
Kitano takes out his female neighbor and commits a bank robbery.
Accomplishing his fantasies  Kitano takes a journey into the absolutely bizarre  surreal world.
Cut suddenly back.
Where he is still confused himself and Beat Takeshi.
He finds the movie star s autograph greeting  Hello Mr Clown.
It triggers ` Beat  Takeshi s assassination.
Cut suddenly again back.
Implies all might be a dream of ` Beat  Takeshi.
The film ends at the beginning.
<EOS>
Lucy Church storms out of her house and goes to see a film at the local cinema.
The cinema s safe.
Looking. 
She is struck and is taken to hospital.
When they pursue her.
Unable to leave the town  the two robbers head.
They know what has happened.
Meanwhile her husband Jay Church has grown concerned and scours the town searching.
The medical staff attend to Lucy and place her in a quiet ward.
She has yet to regain coconsciousness.
Ward  watching realises.
He would be hanged.
He decides to murder her  Barney disillusioned with his sinister intent.
Who has grown.
Wade is uninterested and beats him.
He tries to enter the hospital several times to strangle her  but is foiled.
Eventually  Ward is forced to assume the disguise orderly and takes Lucy to the operating theatre.
Where he plans to murder her - only to be prevented.
<EOS>
Cousins Charlie  a maitre d with aspirations of someday owning his own restaurant  and Paulie  a schemer  have expensive tastes but not much money.
Who works.
Paulie gets caught skimming checks.
He and Charlie are both fired.
Charlie must find another way to pay his alimony  support his pregnant girlfriend Diane  and try to buy a restaurant.
Paulie comes.
A ca nt - miss robbery  involving a large amount in the safe of a local business.
Charlie reluctantly agrees to participate.
They manage to crack the safe from an accomplice  Barney  a clock repairman and locksmith.
But things go sour  resulting.
Who had been secretly taping Bed Bug Eddie Grant.
Charlie soon learns.
The money they stole belongs.
The mob figures out  and not even his Uncle Pete  part  can help him.
Paulie is involved.
One is severed as punishment.
Diane leaves Charlie and takes his money to support their unborn child.
Paulie is forced to work.
He gives the mob Barney s name.
Initially refuses to identify Charlie.
However   he is forced to rat on his cousin.
Barney leaves town.
Charlie mails him his cut.
And  things begin to look up.
When Charlie makes $.
Charlie prepares  armed with a copy of the tape.
The police officer made.
But  Paulie puts lye in Eddie s coffee.
Then he and Charlie casually walk away.
<EOS>
Gregoire Guillaume Depardieu returns reluctantly to oversee his mother s funeral.
Being back.
Where he was raised.
He is not ready yet to accept the fact.
His mother died.
He meets.
Looking. 
A maid called Angele Morgane More.
He achieves to impress her he was an important manager.
He only has a minor position.
He just leaves her.
They ve spent the night.
She can not forget him.
He was her first lover at all.
Subsequently she follows him and even manages to get hired.
Unfortunately she then has to realise.
Gregoire is about to become the.
Angele observes.
He is going to marry another woman than love.
<EOS>
A pair of larger-than-human  intelligent leeches are living in an underwater cave.
They begin dragging local people down.
Where they hold them prisoner and slowly drain them.
One is the local vixen  Liz Walker  played by Yvette Vickers.
Liz finds herself a prisoner of the leeches along with her current paramour.
Game warden Steve Benton sets out to investigate their disappearance.
Aided  he discovers the cavern.
The monsters are finally destroyed.
When Steve  Doc  and some state troopers blow up the cavern.
<EOS>
Producer and studio head Alfie Alperin wants to produce a great Western movie about Wyatt Earp.
Tom Mix is cast.
The great United States Marshal and the real Earp is on set.
But  they are caught.
Earp and Mix can start their movie adventure.
Together they try to straighten out the problems.
But now she is the wife.
He is nt amused.
The fact.
The young man s older sister is dating a notorious mobster and that all three were.
Soon Earp unveils the true sadistic character.
Matters become personal.
And the two get to fight a real gunfight at a real isolated ranch  with Mix telling Earp.
I wish there was a camera here.
<EOS>
An ex-con returns home to find.
His family left.
He has no idea.
Where they went.
Only a neighbor knows.
Where they moved  but does not want to give him the information until he can show that he has changed.
<EOS>
The Thompson family struggle to keep their farm from foreclosure.
The family is placing its hopes  winning the New Year s Cup and using the winnings to pay off the debt.
Two struggling lowlifes Bill and Sly find out and steal it  escaping into the nearby mountain range.
The Thompson children Helen and John  and their English cousin Michael  saddle up their own horses and go after the crooks on their own.
They are assisted.
Who works.
<EOS>
Dhadkan is.
Who hails.
Her father Mr Chauhan is a renowned businessman and has many dreams.
Anjali is.
Who is very poor and often can not even afford to clothe himself properly.
Dev loves Anjali and wants to marry her.
Has to meet her father.
She is rebuked and gets an outright refusal.
When Anjali puts forward the proposal of marrying Dev.
Moreover  her parents have chosen.
Not wanting to hurt her parents will be a perfect match.
Anjali finally gives and marries Ram who her parents believe.
Ram is a man.
Who believes and respects her sensibilities.
He is unable to win Anjali s love at first.
Their marriage remains.
However   she realises.
She has fallen with him.
Anjali leads a life and becomes an ideal wife.
But suddenly   Dev returns and reveals his intent of winning Anjali back.
Dev is now a wealthy businessman.
Anjali finds herself.
Where she has to fight with her former love.
Anjali is and has no wish to return to her former lover.
He sets out to ruin Ram s business.
When she tells him this.
But the truth wins.
When Anjali tells Dev she is pregnant.
Dev realises his folly and decides to marry his friend and business partner Sheetal Varma.
Who has secretly loved him.
<EOS>
She has.
But  she realizes.
She has not done anything.
Ina then embarks.
Surprisingly lands her.
She gained the trust and the support of the Filipino people.
But  she also changes and becomes the mother.
As she starts to become the president that everyone loves.
Her children hate.
Ina has to make the hardest choice of her life - becoming the mother of the nation or becoming the mother of her own children.
<EOS>
A group suddenly find.
Themselves face to face.
BLOOD NIGHT Update.
<EOS>
Terrance and Molly Donahue  a husband-and-wife vaudeville team known as the Donahues  pursue both a stable family life as well as success with their rendition of Midnight Train to Alabam.
The kids  their act eventually becomes the Five Donahues.
Steve  Katy  and Tim join the act one.
Molly persuades Terry to send them.
The youngsters continually try to run away.
Terry and Molly buy a home.
They can find.
When the Depression hits Terry and Molly are forced to take whatever jobs.
Eventually  movie theaters come by providing live stage entertainment.
The Donahues are back.
Tim graduates from high school.
The act becomes the Five Donahues once again.
The family is a success and have soon hit the top  thrilling audiences with an extravagant multi-themed performance of Alexander s Ragtime Band.
One night return  Steve takes a walk.
Alone while Katy goes out.
The womanizing Tim goes out.
Katy and Tim both wind up.
Where Tim teases Victoria Hoffman  a hatcheck girl.
Vicky forgets Tim s wisecracks though.
When Eddie  her agent  informs her that he has persuaded famed producer Lew Harris to visit the club.
Vicky gets onstage and impresses Lew and Tim with her singing.
You Get What You Want.
Backstage  Vicky learns but quickly dismisses him to talk business with Harris.
Tim is one.
Back  Molly and Terry welcome Katy and then Steve.
Who informs his family that he wants to become a priest.
Terry is distraught.
Their discussion is interrupted.
Who got drunk after he was dismissed.
Escorting Tim upstairs to sleep it off and nearly drowning him to sober him up  Molly worries aloud.
He has nt bitten off more than he can chew.
Tim goes to sleep.
Molly heads downstairs to deal.
Katy tells her father not to be so shocked and disappointed.
Maybe Steve could end up a cardinal.
Wailing  Terry tells the family.
The only cardinal he wants is one who plays ball for St.
Louis.
Later  having accepted Steve s choice  the family throws him a farewell party.
The centerpiece of which is a performance.
Steve tells the assembly.
He hopes everyone will come see his new act when it is worked up and follows this with an up-tempo jazz-influenced gospel tinged version of If You Believe after which Molly and the gang belt out a chorus of Remember.
Molly is crying afterward.
Terry is just about to  but they both understand and go out.
Eventually the bird has to leave the nest.
The rechristened Four Donahues accept an engagement in Miami.
Tim is thrilled to find  however she is performing a considerably more sensual version of the same Heat Wave number as the family.
Vicky  now known  is also appearing there.
Tim gives his approval for her to perform the number without checking with the family beforehand.
Vicky is a sensation and   Tim falls as a result.
She gently shrugs off his proposals so that she can focus.
Molly  still irate  is further irritated.
Vicky stole her song.
Harris is staging a Broadway revue  and that Vicky wants Tim and Katy to join her without Molly and Terry.
Realizing  Terry persuades Molly to let the kids go.
What a great opportunity this is.
She agrees.
They have to take the four expensive Cuban costumes as well  originally intended they let Vicky perform instead.
They all share a laugh.
Soon Molly and Terry are performing.
While Tim and Katy rehearse in New York.
Katy begins dating Charlie Gibbs the show s tall and spare lyricist.
He asks.
Steve is ordained.
Whether or not Steve can perform a small wedding ceremony.
Shocked and annoyed  Katy demands to know.
Whom Charlie plans to marry.
Charlie tells her sweetly.
She herself is the candidate.
Having heard none  Katy is pleasantly surprised.
They set the date.
Tim continues dating Vicky.
One night a wardrobe mistress passes  telling Vicky.
Harris selected it.
Feeling  she phones back and postpones her dinner date with Tim.
The dress makes the most completely inappropriate opening statement not to mention being the most completely wrong shade.
Order to discuss the matter.
The costume designer  a tall  spare haute-couture man chimes in  correcting her  it s ` heliotrope.
The color is not purple.
Vicky angrily complains.
No matter whether the dress is heliotrope  hydrangea  or petunia it s still the wrong shade  not to mention the most completely unflattering style.
Harris  equally annoyed  reminds Vicky.
The dress cost $ 1400  and that s not heliotrope.
Vicky loses track and stands Tim up.
Tim  mistakenly assuming  gets drunk and comes back.
Vicky is having an affair.
Where he confronts Vicky.
She is stung and annoyed.
A fellow performer  who was born to the business of performing  should chastise her for trying to follow her love of the theatre and doing whatever it takes to reach her goals.
She denies his accusations but also spurns Tim.
Tim leaves the theatre  goes out and gets even more drunk  and becomes involved in a car accident.
Molly and Terry learn just hours before opening night of the show.
Terry goes down to confront Tim about his conduct.
Tim rebuffs the advice  whereupon Terry slaps him and storms out.
Molly has gone down to the theatre to be with Katy in this trying time.
Lew Harris is and trying to decide.
He should postpone the opening.
Molly   convinces Harris.
Who has been rehearsing extensively.
While she ll have to fake the dancing  a feat with which she s been getting away  she can go on in Tim s place.
The show is a resounding success.
All is decided.
The next day Terry and Molly go back but discover.
He has vanished  leaving.
Molly and Terry are both heartbroken but decide to take action.
The Donahues hire private detectives to search.
Molly continues to perform.
They scour the clubs and bars.
Steve joins the Army as a chaplain.
Molly still blames Vicky.
Terry shows no interest and instead disappears to search for Tim.
When Molly tells Terry that the Donahues are being sought before it is closed the following May.
We see.
Him reminisce about all the good times they shared.
Months later   Katy   arranges.
Who has become close friends.
Her to share a dressing room.
Annoyed  Molly begins to pack up and head upstairs for some peace and quiet  however  Katy not only tells her mother.
She ll be doing nothing  but that she needs to apologize to Vicky for snubbing her at every turn for the past year.
Incensed  Molly demands.
Vicky speak up.
Finally forgiving Vicky  Molly is also comforted.
Who   tells her not to lose hope.
Molly agrees  telling Steve.
She was wrong again.
Steve and Katy watch  then Tim  wearing a US Navy uniform  appears behind them.
Molly performs the title song.
Katy sees him first and takes him deeply.
His brother Steve follows.
Together they try to attract Molly s attention onstage  finally succeeding.
Molly hesitates.
When she sees Tim but completes the number.
Tim tells her.
He had to work things out.
The family is finally complete.
When Terry joins them a few minutes later  having come to see the benefit.
Thrilled to be reunited  the Five Donahues   go onstage and happily reprise a short encore of their version of Alexander s Ragtime Band.
The six principals then march down a flight all in multicolored flowing attire circle around the perimeter going up and down the stairs singing the title song.
The six principals then come up thereof  adding their vocals to the chorus.
The film concludes.
<EOS>
One evening  Cleveland Heep   discovers Story  a naiad-like character  in his building s pool  immediately rescuing her from an attack by a Scrunt  a grass-covered lupine.
Who became a handyman after his family was murdered.
Lies preternaturally flat.
Story is here to find a specific writer.
Whose book will better humanity s future.
Heep discovers the author  Vick Ran.
Who is writing The Cookbook  containing views and ideas so significant they will inspire a future President  a great Midwestern orator  to greatly change the world.
Ran meeting Story eliminates his fear and sharpens his inner voice.
He learns.
He will be assassinated.
The Tartutic  an invincible simian trio  have forbidden.
Serve. 
Story be attacked.
The Scrunt nonetheless does just that.
Story is destined to be a great leader as well.
To return safely  she will now need the help.
Story believes Heep to be her Guardian  Heep asks Farber  a West Coast emigre turned film critic  to help him figure out the others  identities.
Working off movie tropes  Farber misadvises Heep  leading him  a group of misfit tokers are the Guild  and a woman.
A logophile named Dury is the Symbolist.
Who cares for stray animals named Bell is the Healer.
Heep asks Story but nearly dies  convincing him he s not the Guardian.
To practice.
The next night  Farber s bad advice leads.
Farber is killed.
Story is mortally wounded.
Dury suddenly realizes his son.
Joey is the Symbolist.
Interpreting the information  Joey deduces  soon revealed to be Heep.
The true Guild is composed.
He goes.
Story s departure starts again.
The Scrunt attacks  it is stopped.
Who is the true Guardian.
Reggie s gaze  capable  is distracted by the cry of the Great Eatlon  a giant eagle.
Who will ferry Story home.
The Scrunt leaps  but is seized and dragged away.
When Reggie breaks eye contact.
Heep thanks Story.
She hugs him goodbye.
The Great Eatlon lands  enfolds Story of its wings  and takes flight.
Each tenant watches.
She is ferried.
<EOS>
In Purulia district  single railroad workers and best friends Balaram and Nemai spend their days wrestling on a hill with little work to speak of because the fact to be flagged off or signalled to.
Their flag station has only a couple.
Wrestling  however   turns into an expression of close bonding for Nimai and Balaram  a bond already established through their complementary work at the flag station.
Wrestling   is a way of releasing physical energy and a form of dynamic entertainment.
Amidst wrestling  they spend their time talking.
Who include Padri Baba  a local Christian pastor who lives and looks.
He takes him along.
When he serves the lepers  the poor and the oppressed.
There is a colony.
Inhabit this peculiar and mystic village.
Each morning  they can be seen crossing the hillocks and pass to catch the daily public bus and go to their respective jobs.
Is a grinning railway guard.
Who is always.
There are also a troupe.
Who pass across the village  mutely going.
There is a world  consisting of a bunch of bumbling poor old men  Indian Christians.
Who dream.
A couple of city yobs in fashionable clothing move around in the village in their jeep  downing bottles of beer to get rid of their boredom  what or.
They go stalking.
Who  is unfolded.
Balaram returns.
Her presence slowly but surely begins to tear their intense friendship building up.
The people and their separate worlds are not really linked.
They appear.
Do not quite add up to make a meaningful whole.
Yet  they describe   to lust  to violence  and ultimately death.
The violent actions threaten the peace of the village.
A sliver remains.
Uttara soon painstakingly learns the bitter truth that  she is no more than a piece of flesh to be devoured  raped  violated and killed.
Nimai   a marriage  feels particularly jealous of Balaram.
Exists only.
He has Uttara.
Balaram is happy.
Therefore  can devour  within the privacy of their bedroom  or  under the open sky against the backdrop of the fields.
The apparent serenity of the village is disturbed  with an onslaught of violence  murder  blood and gore.
The roaring sound metamorphoses into an eruption of barbaric violence.
The two fundamentalist city yobs torch the Christian missionary Padre tying him and burning him.
The whole church is set ablaze.
A panic stricken Uttara cries out.
Balaram.
The boy Matthew escapes unharmed.
But their senses are blind and deaf and mute.
They go.
Then  the goons kill him.
The dwarf railway guard offers Uttara hope.
They then chase a fleeing Uttara  rape and kill her.
The scene is reduced to one of meaningless and futile violence.
The camera pans to capture a glimpse  the deadbody of the kindly railway guard  the fire in the church in the remote distance.
Amidst all the scenes  the film ends on a moving scene of living violence.
A golden sky throws the two silhouetted wrestling figures in relief.
The circle  of an environment  is complete.
Easily lets the animalistic instinct.
The group silently wrap a fleeing Mathew into their fold  offering only a tiny glimmer of hope in a world of despair.
He becomes one.
<EOS>
Rosy  is a wheelchair-using cancer patient.
Who lives.
She is very rude and uncaring.
She even illtreats her caretaker.
Rosy also illtreats him  not knowing.
When Rajinikanth  who acts in the movie  visits the orphanage.
He is Rajinikanth.
But  she becomes a big fan of Rajinikanth.
The latter also develops a special bond  taking her out for his shooting and to many other places.
Rosy s attitude also undergoes a change due.
She becomes a kind and considerate girl.
She stills holds Rajinikanth s hand.
When Rosy dies.
Rajinikanth starts crying  such was their affection.
<EOS>
The film features people.
The majority consists of footage of individual interviews  cut and interpolated together to create narratives around certain themes  such as music  drugs  love  addiction  friendship  and sexuality.
Were DJs  bouncers  bartenders  and partygoers.
The material included 19 interviews  56 nights  and 13 musical tracks.
<EOS>
Sarah Zoltanne is a teenager.
Who recently moved to Pine Crest with her mother  Rosemary.
Always having been an outsider  she is not very welcomed at school.
Especially the popular group  are rude to her  criticizing her unusual clothes and attitude.
She also meets Charlie Gorman  and works.
Who is considered the school geek because he also does nt quite fit in.
Sarah and Charlie get along fairly well.
Sarah is soon bothered from a mysterious person  saying.
I ve been waiting.
Being a supporter  she is nt very worried.
Later on  Kyra and Eric   break and tell her the house  a young woman.
Who are a couple.
Was inhabited.
Who was with a man who was already engaged to another woman.
Sarah later lost her mind and was put into a mental hospital.
Not much later  the man died  along.
She was with.
The townspeople thought  and burned her.
Sarah s ghost was responsible.
Sarah Lancaster casts a curse  5 descendants in a row  Generations yet to know.
Has been passed down.
Powers cast their fiery glow  secrets.
Witches know.
Kyra and Eric then persuade her to participate.
She agrees.
Sarah is given a microphone   however.
Kyra can secretly provide her all the secrets.
Kyra leaves the microphone unattended  an unknown person gives Sarah disturbing information  revealing the abusive relationship of her parents.
Misty freaks out and leaves the party.
She is attacked and scared by a masked killer using a glove.
Driving home.
Which long  spiked protrusions have been attached.
She hears the killer whisper.
She dies.
I ve been waiting.
The next day   the popular group immediately suspect Sarah  thinking.
Hearing the news.
She might be the reincarnation  coming back for revenge on the descendants of the people responsible for burning her.
Sarah insists.
The information was given by Kyra.
Kyra states.
She set the microphone down and has proof that she was elsewhere.
Soon  other people are targeted by the masked killer  each hearing the same phrase whispered before or during the attack  I ve been waiting for you.
Kevin is attacked while and is killed.
Both Eric and Debbie are able to escape their attacks  Debbie sustaining a beauty-marring injury.
Charlie is also targeted  barely escaping a fire set.
He reveals.
When Sarah questions why he would be.
He is actually also a descendant  but that the others are unaware.
Charlie feels  unsure about.
They had been working together to unravel the mystery.
He must back off.
Whether she is or is not.
Meanwhile  the popular group are certain.
Sarah is responsible.
To save their own lives  they decide.
They must burn her.
Eric  pretending to be interested  lures her to his SUV  only to tie her up with help of Debbie and Kyra.
They take her and tie her to one with the intention of burning her at the sake for witchcraft.
Trying to distract them long enough to escape or talk sense  she begins to tell them all the information.
She has been gathering  informing them that there is actually a 6th descendant that they are unaware of.
She also reveals.
Debbie has slept.
They are attacked.
They are accusing each other.
Sarah is able to get free and   they are able to overpower the killer.
It turns out.
When they unmask him.
Charlie is the killer  having made the glove  during school.
He reveals.
He is arrested.
His mother was a descendant  as well.
She was driven out by the other families  but was unmarried.
When she turned up pregnant.
His attacks were actually revenge  and had nothing to do with the legend of Sarah Lancaster.
Later   Ted Rankin  their history teacher  is revealed to also be involved  it is implied.
When Sarah returns home.
Who has been dating Sarah s mother  Rosemary.
Charlie may have been his illegitimate son.
This is never confirmed.
He leaves town and can not be located.
A month later  Sarah is settling at school.
She is dating Eric and seems to be adjusting  normally.
Powers cast their fiery glow  secrets.
Witches know.
And then states  quietly.
Two down .
To go.
Eric arrives and   I ve been waiting.
Hugging him  she whispers.
<EOS>
Based and written by Guiyeoni  Do Re Mi Fa So La Ti Do is a touching love story with bittersweet elements.
Jung-won wears a funny dragon suit   and pours soda.
Working. 
A short while later  Jung-won finds out.
Eun-gyu has moved.
Eun-gyu now threatens to tell Jung-won s parents.
She works part time.
To keep Eun-gyu quiet  Jung-won agrees to carry his guitar.
Jung-won then starts to develop feelings.
Who is the lead singer.
Eun-gyu also starts to develop similar feelings.
The two soon become a couple.
Jung-won went to the band s rehearsal room and meets a familiar person from her past  a boy named.
Their relationship makes everything more complicated.
Jung-won and Hee-won were close friends.
Apart they stopped talking.
Jung-won did something that broke Hee-won s family.
And Hee-won  seeking revenge  allow his friends to beat her  rendering her crippled.
Jung-won is now surprised to learn.
Her ex-close friend is now best friends.
Hee-won admits.
He wants her back.
Jun-won accepts him back despite and Eun-gyu  Jun-won makes the choice of going with.
What he did and when Hee-won makes her choose.
Which leaves.
Eun-gyu devastated.
He gives her one last chance to come back.
Else he will never be able to sing again.
But she breaks his heart once more and chooses.
A few months happened and was diagnosed with temporary amnesia -- he forgets all about her.
Jun-won hears that Eun-gyu had gotten.
She then spends all her time trying to get him to remember.
The last scene is an.
Which Eun-gyu gave her a last chance.
The movie ends.
She promises.
She never will.
We see.
All improved.
<EOS>
The Wrong Guy tells the story.
Who gets passed over.
Nelson flees  unaware.
Security cameras have already revealed the identity to the authorities.
Nelson tries to escape  but along the way he meets both the real killer.
The murder s investigator  Detective Arlen  is trailing him.
Who Nelson believes.
Chaotic events transpire and Nelson meets a narcoleptic farm girl  Lynn Holden.
Is a bizarre series.
What follows.
<EOS>
Mike Mikey Bailey is a rambunctious 10-year old living.
His notable family members include his grandfather Frank  a magician  mother Jackie  and older brother Steve.
Who is a loner and wishes to join a local street gang.
Mike encounters a stray dog.
Who he names Mutt  who leads him.
He attempts to inform his friends Pete and Tessy and takes them to the landing site.
They do not believe his claims.
They find a thirty-metre wide triangular crater  Tessy taking a soil sample and testing it  the soil illuminating in colour and vanishing in her hand.
Mike  Pete and Tessy prepare a scientific project to track down the next rainbow and properly examine it.
Eventually   a rainbow appears and the three  along with Steve and Mutt  race across the town on their bicycles to get to the rainbow.
It vanishes.
They witness the rainbow land and are sucked into a colourful pathway  taking photographs.
They go.
They then enter a dark area.
Causes the rainbow to vanish and drop the group.
They are revealed to be  and are taken to the local sheriff s office at an airport.
Sheriff Wyatt Hampton contacts Jackie to pick them up.
The group flee.
Jackie and Frank come.
When they arrive back.
No one believes their story.
Steve sells one  and another to the street gang  and attempts to join  only to be humiliated and rejected.
The children s school science teacher  Sam Cohen  obtains the photos and discovers the children s project.
Eventually  colour begins to drain either act aggressively towards each other or fall unconscious.
The children  Frank  Jackie and Sam all deduce.
All life could be threatened.
The group split up to retrieve the gold pieces.
Mike and Frank break and retrieve a piece of the gold  Tessy and Jackie gain results on.
Where the next rainbow will appear.
Steve  Pete and Sam gain the other gold piece.
Almost up  Mike  Steve and Mutt race out to the new rainbow s landing site.
Mike and Mutt are absorbed.
Mike tosses the gold pieces back  restoring the rainbow and the world to normality.
Mike and Mutt then end up.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The Aspirin Kid is wanted.
He is so known.
Apparently he uses the ruse.
He acts as a disguise.
Arthur Garrett is picked up by Detective Culloran.
He nearly hits him.
Garrett gives the name Stan Hess.
The case is assigned to two detectives  Culloran and Baron.
Culloran is a twice married man.
Whose first marriage has made him suspicious.
They have a suspect  a Beatnik called Arthur Jester.
Who fits a description.
His alibi checks out.
Knowing  Arthur Garrett turns the tables.
The cops are.
This enrages the detective.
He also begins to treat the pregnant Francee differently  causing her to turn to his partner Baron for advice.
Garrett persuades Jester to try to throw Culloran by committing a similar attack on a woman named Georgia Altera at a time.
When Garrett could nt possibly be involved.
But the cops know.
Garrett is their man.
Jester and Altera fall.
The deranged Culloran attempts to capture Garrett.
Culloran captures and beats up Garrett coming close to killing him before Baron intervenes.
Culloran comes to Francee.
Who gives birth.
<EOS>
Sean Nault is a detective.
Like ours -- is known of science.
Someone is killing people using a device.
Can project a metal slug.
Nault is  but is somewhat controversial for his non-use of magic in investigations  such as relying on his own perceptions to tell rather than using truth spells.
A suspect is lying.
Nault encounters Winston Churchill  a 130-year-old sorcerer - one powerful enough to potentially cloak the spells powering such a weapon - but science rules supreme  and a way to cross between the two worlds.
Investigating the weapon s possible origins.
Who reveals the existence.
Churchill explains.
The other world has apparently not developed magic due in that world.
He also states.
Nault is uniquely qualified to travel because he is one of the few people who does not have a counterpart in the ` pragmatic  world of science  allowing him to exist with equal ease in both worlds.
He can not be treated.
When Churchill is injured.
Nault and Lenore travel.
Churchill teaches the necessary spell to Helen  the department s necromancer  due to his own failing state.
Exploring this new world  Nault is fascinated.
When he watches crime drama and learns when he learns that his ` trick  of observing suspects is actually a valid scientific method.
Nault visits a local police department posing and learns.
Their suspect is Professor Hillman  a physicist who recently vanished.
He acquires the file and visits Hillman s house.
Where he discovers a runed mirror that provides ability to travel  as well as several DVDs of recorded blackmail material.
The investigation is hampered.
When the local police learn that Nault and Lenore do not exist.
They are fortunately returned.
As they are cornered.
Nault determines.
The DVDs he found are.
He tracks the senator down.
The man is killed.
When he attempts to run Nault over and passes right thanks to the only spell Nault can use.
Churchill assures Nault  saying.
He has no regrets and gives Nault a ring.
Nault is the person who should possess it.
Nault and Lenore discuss the other world  Lenore saying  noting at the same time.
She actually preferred it there because she has always found magic so inexplicable.
Their supposedly ` equal  world is still based.
Each person can control.
Attempting to track the mirror Hillman used to travel  Nault realises from the file  fillings the other world s Hillman possessed.
He received that the Hillman in the morgue is the magic world s version of Hillman.
He lacks the gold.
Nault goes and encounters Hillman s twin brother  Glen  and learns about Hillman s dissatisfaction in the magical world due to his lack of magical ability.
Nault discovers  the senator was just a useful pawn to gain the necessary power.
His captain  Papillo  is involved.
Nault and Lenore are taken hostage and taken.
Where Hillman s counterpart is waiting.
Hillman and Papillo are killed.
Papillo begins the ritual.
When Nault intervenes.
Nault promises her.
Nault and Lenore escape.
They will never stop trying to return.
Lenore assures him that  for the moment  she belongs where he is  the two kissing as the base collapses behind them.
<EOS>
Deep is conducting experiments on the local swamp people in an attempt to discover the secret of evolution.
He decides to take the final step and turn one into a grotesque amphibious creature.
When a party comes upon his isolated laboratory.
<EOS>
Donald s Dilemma starts.
Her problem started day.
When she was out with Donald.
A flower pot fell.
He regained consciousness soon enough but.
His singing voice was improved.
However  Donald had no memory.
Who Daisy was.
He became.
A well-known crooner and his rendition became a hit  which gave him a large number of fans.
Daisy s loss resulted - she suffered from anorexia  insomnia and self-described insanity.
An often censored scene features her losing her will to live and pointing a gun.
She decided  but failed to do so.
She would see Donald once again.
That s.
When she decided to go.
The flashback meets the actual time.
The psychologist determines.
Donald would regain his memory if another flower pot would fall on his head.
But he warns.
His improved voice may be lost along.
He offers Daisy a dilemma.
Either the world has its singer.
Daisy loses him or Daisy regains Donald.
The world loses him.
Posed her or the world  Daisy answers with a resounding and possessive scream - me  me  me.
Soon  Donald returns and forgets about his singing career.
Daisy regains her lover.
<EOS>
A cocky unseen filmmaker documents three young women.
They committed.
Raven  the ringleader  believes beyond this world and has the power to send you there.
She does nt call it murder.
She and her two minions  Angel and Jessie call it Transcendence.
It s the greatest gift.
To give.
These girls want to spread their philosophy.
This Director is just the man to do it.
His desire to make a movie keeps.
Him involved as he documents and recreates the girls glorious murder night.
The complicated lives unfold freely before the camera.
However   the Director has his own agenda.
The documentary project starts to become.
The girls  stories appall yet captivate the Director.
He finds himself becoming entangled.
But Raven tries to control the production.
Ultimately  the production goes terribly wrong.
A power struggle ensues.
<EOS>
An enemy spy plans to steal secret documents and lay the blame on Clive Stanton.
<EOS>
This film is set.
Which 110th Street is an informal boundary line.
By-the-book African-American Lieutenant William Pope has to work Frank Mattelli in the NYPD s 27th precinct.
They are looking.
Who slaughtered seven men -- three black gangsters and two Italian gangsters  as well as two patrol officers -- from a Mafia-owned Harlem policy bank.
Mafia lieutenant Nick DSalvio and his two henchmen are also.
Paul Benjamin plays the troubled Jim Harris   he makes his choice.
Who is the last.
DSalvio finds getaway driver Henry J.
Jackson and brutalizes him.
<EOS>
Novelist Maurice Bendrix narrates the film.
He begins a book.
Bendrix has a chance meeting with Henry Miles  husband of his former mistress Sarah.
Who abruptly ended their affair two years before.
Bendrix s obsession is rekindled  he succumbs to his own jealousy and works his way back into her life.
We also see flashbacks.
The story unfolds.
They began their affair.
Henry tells Bendrix  so Bendrix hires the bumbling but amiable Parkis.
He believes Sarah is having an affair.
Who uses his young birthmarked son to investigate.
Sarah asks Bendrix to meet to talk.
The cold tentativeness is contrasted with the passion of their earlier encounters.
Bendrix learns.
Sarah has been making regular visits.
He grows increasingly jealous.
Flashbacks show Bendrix expressing jealousy and asking Sarah to leave him.
The affair ends abruptly.
Sarah and Bendrix express love.
When a bomb explodes as he is out in the hallway.
Bendrix falls down a staircase and awakes later  bloodied but not seriously hurt.
He walks upstairs.
Where Sarah is shocked that he is alive.
Bendrix accuses Sarah.
He survived.
She leaves  telling him Love.
Does nt end.
Because we do nt see each other.
Parkis obtains Sarah s diary and passes it on to Bendrix  it shows the affair from her perspective.
Sarah runs downstairs and finds him still and not breathing.
Bendrix is hurt.
She runs back upstairs and begins to pray for Bendrix s life.
Bendrix comes.
As she says that she will stop seeing Bendrix if he is brought back.
Now knowing  Bendrix follows Sarah and begs her to reconsider.
Sarah ended the affair.
Sarah tells Bendrix.
She has felt dead and can no longer keep her promise to God.
Henry   desperately asks Sarah not to leave him.
Who has figured out that it is Bendrix who was Sarah s lover.
But   Sarah agrees to go away with him for a weekend.
Henry tracks the couple down to tell them.
Sarah has a terminal illness.
Bendrix stays over her final days  and  at her funeral  Parkis tells Bendrix.
A chance encounter cured his son of his birthmark.
Bendrix completes his book.
It is revealed.
His diary is directed toward God.
Bendrix prays  thereby finally acknowledging His existence.
Sarah does nt need to see God to love Him.
God will leave him alone.
<EOS>
It is Christmas time.
Snuffy  Big Bird s best friend  departs to visit his grandmother for the holiday  and promises to return the day after Christmas.
Santa Claus gets lodged halfway.
Elmo falls asleep.
Elmo is granted the privilege of choosing a gift.
He is granted three wishes.
When Elmo chooses a magical snow globe.
Using the snow globe  Elmo wishes.
He is thirsty.
Elmo s next wish is more significant  Elmo wishes.
It was Christmas every day.
This proves to be a very costly mistake.
Suddenly  all the businesses are permanently closed.
Snuffy is gone all year  visiting his grandmother out  making Big Bird extremely depressed.
There is nothing playing.
It s a Wonderful Life.
Carolers carol and children exchange gifts.
Lightning  one of Santa s reindeer-in-training  uses his speed to take Elmo into the future to see.
What Christmas is.
The Count becomes all Christmassed out and furious  and so does the rest of Sesame Street.
The carolers lose their voices.
Big Bird is upset.
He misses Snuffy  who has been for an entire year.
Luis finally closes up the Fix-It Shop.
Santa is retired and should move.
Elmo decides on his final wish  shaking his snow globe rapidly  Elmo wishes.
Everything was the way it used to be  when Christmas was only once a year.
Oscar tries to intervene.
Maria furiously demands silence and pleads for Elmo to fix the whole issue.
The globe flies out and breaks.
Luis laments  It s Christmas  forever.
Elmo and Lightning go back.
Which Elmo wished it was Christmas every day.
Elmo chooses the pink bear.
Santa immediately offers him a new gift  the Moo Bunny  a half-cow  half-rabbit plush toy.
Big Bird is reunited early.
Just as he was about to leave  his grandmother came to Sesame Street instead for Christmas.
The show closes  Keep Christmas With You All Through the Year.
Was also featured.
Elmo learns.
That although Christmas ca nt be every day  it s important to have the spirit.
<EOS>
C.
I.
D.
Sudhakaran is assigned to investigate the murder.
He discovers marries Menon s daughter Vasanthi.
Who is.
<EOS>
Velu aka Ghilli  is a wannabe kabbadi champion.
Who is the son.
Sivasubramanian is not fond  constantly chiding him for his lack of interest in studies and his love for kabaddi.
His mother   dotes on him and his younger sister Bhuvana  but nevertheless still adores him.
Is the typical sharp and inquisitive schoolgirl  constantly getting Velu.
There is a ruthless factionalist leader Muthupandi.
Who is obsessed and would do anything to marry her.
Muthupandi kills Dhanalakshmi s elder brother.
He rejects his offer to marry Dhanalakshmi.
Then Dhanalakshmi s younger brother also gets killed.
When he tries to avenge his brother s murder.
Dhanalakshmi s father is a meek person.
Who gets horrified and asks Dhanalakshmi to go away from the place and lead a peaceful life at her uncle s place in the USA by giving her the necessary certificates and money.
Muthupandi catches her.
When she starts fleeing because Dhanalakshmi gets into one of the lorries owned by him.
Velu - - rescues Dhanalakshmi from the hands of Muthupandi and takes her to Chennai.
Who is to play in a kabaddi tournament.
Velu takes Dhanalakshmi and hides her in his room  unknown to his family.
Velu   arranges passport  visa and flight tickets for Dhanalakshmi.
That she can go.
Meanwhile  Muthupandi and his father   ask Sivasubramanian to search.
Who happens to be the Home Minister.
Velu and Dhanalakshmi run away and hide.
When Sivasubramanian finds out that it s his own son who did the crime.
Dhanalakshmi has by now fallen with Velu  and has been accepted by Velu s mother and sister.
So she is reluctant to go.
Velu however  is adamant.
Their kabaddi match in the final of the National League.
Sivasubramanian  enraged  goes.
His son is a wanted criminal and yet is playing.
Velu too has fallen in love with Dhanalakshmi and begins to miss her  only to spot her in the stadium during the match.
Velu s lack is replaced by his best on seeing Dhanalakshmi  winning Tamil Nadu the championship.
Velu is arrested by his father  but is then stopped by Muthupandi.
Who wants to fight Velu  having been incited to do so to prove his worth.
Muthupandi accidentally falls on a floodlight  killing him.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
The unnamed narrator  a serious Filipino-American immigrant  muses in the Philippines and continues on to speculate on the mysterious disappearance of both of his grandfathers.
His curiosity leads him to research his past and urges him to discover the whereabouts.
He offers the audience an inside look.
Much consists of snapshots and footage of the World s Fair.
Some has been  in fact  just a reenactment of.
What is thought to be the past.
The film begins.
He expresses his sadness.
The narrator recounts the story.
This said.
One  had fought in the revolution against Spain in 1896 and the Philippine-American War in 1899  only to be killed in the trenches and never have his body found.
The narrator speculates.
His grandfather is probably buried on the outskirts of Manila.
The other s story was far more interesting.
Emiliano had an interesting death.
The other grandfather  named Markod  had been an Igarot warrior.
The tribal members were afraid.
When the Americans had first came.
But  they soon realized.
The Americans wanted to become friends and take them to showcase their culture.
Markod was   hesitant.
His wife was expecting a child.
Markod and several families of his village decided to go America as participants in the St.
Louis World s Fair.
Markod had been a young chief  known for his skills as a hunter and warrior.
Markod was first taken and then taken to St.
Louis.
Where 2 froze to death in a boxcar.
Once.
Louis  the Igarots built an entire village out.
The St.
Louis World s Fair was set to begin.
Many people came to see the men and women on display at the Philippine reservation.
These people wanted to catch a glimpse in flesh and blood  in their natural habitat.
Natives of various heritages were on display simultaneously at the fair.
Native tribes were placed next on the reservation.
Had not known.
The aim was to show to the American people the various stages of social progress  from barbaric to civilized and Christian.
Markod admired the skills.
He marveled at the fair.
One day  a sick baby girl born was taken away and never seen again.
The father became wary of an uprising.
Extra scouts were posted.
Markod thought.
The Western people say that their God is strong.
Their medicines are weak.
The death Markod.
He became fearful.
Evil things would begin to happen.
Markod became homesick and missed his wife and home.
He became disturbed and longed for the quietness of his home.
Two Igarot men also disappeared.
The whole village mourned.
They mourned.
The American public watched  unaware.
Markod tried to escape.
He escaped and relished the music of the sounds of nature he knew so well.
He hoped to get and would be able to escape from the fair.
He fell.
When reaching the edge.
He was then placed to keep him from escaping.
Markod mysteriously disappeared.
When the World s Fair ended.
The narrator comes back here.
He discovers.
There had been an unusual incident just.
The remains had been mangled.
Authorities had determined.
He was Filipino.
This man could have been Markod.
He could have been put at other fairs around the country.
Still  Markod s remains could currently be displayed.
Where the brains had been removed immediately after their death.
The location of Markod s body was still unknown.
The narrator still wonders.
<EOS>
Lokanatham is proprietor.
Paramesam works under him.
These both are the Thodu Dongalu and jointly operate many mischiefs.
One day one dies of Electric shock.
Both the thieves throws his dead body without the knowledge of others.
Paramesam feels guilty and suffers.
Ghost tries to empower Paramesam.
Doctors declare.
He would not live more than a month.
He goes.
He encounters an employee.
Who is living idealist life.
This transforms him.
He returns  convinces his proprietor and sanctions compensation of Rs.
2000 of bereaved Ramudu.
This relieves him.
Finally  the proprietor handover the factory keys with confidence.
<EOS>
Bhai is a notrious mafia don.
Who masks his true nature.
Pandu is his right hand.
Ajay is Pandu s son.
Ajay is a studious guy.
Who wants to become an IAS officer.
He clears the civils examination too.
Hussain is a cop.
Whose mission is to eliminate the mafia gangs.
Ajay and Pandu fall out.
Son and father share a caring personal relationship.
The rest is all about.
The system forces Ajay to tread the wrong path in order to avenge the death  and to eliminate Bhai and his mafia network.
<EOS>
A worker named Freidrich  delivering secret codes finds a Cocker Spaniel puppy outside his office.
He brings the puppy inside  showing her.
Rex senses something is wrong and starts to bark at her  making the worker take him outside.
Both are locked out.
Rex looks.
The dog is Kitty Galore  an evil female hairless cat.
Rex turns out to be a dog agent and reports.
Shane are called to a hostage situation at Crazy Carlito s used car lot.
Diggs deliberately ignores Shane s commands  attacking Crazy Carlito and causing him to release a device.
Diggs grabs which causes the car lot office to blow up.
Butch  an Anatolian Shepherd  and Lou  now the top dog.
O.
G.
HQ  are watching footage.
Lou  wants Diggs to be an agent as his mentor to help bring down Kitty Galore.
Diggs is suspended and sent back into the kennels.
Shane wants to adopt Diggs.
The police will not allow it.
Alone  Butch recruits him to D.
O.
G.
HQ.
Lou shows them a video.
Who is planning to broadcast a sound that will drive all dogs.
Lou sends them.
Kitty has been trying to find that can lead them.
Diggs and Butch meet a M.
E.
O.
W.
S.
Agent named Catherine.
Who was for the same reason the dogs were.
She reveals.
Kitty Galore was once an agent named Ivana Clawyu who worked.
E.
O.
W.
S.
Which a guard dog chased her.
This caused her to lose all her fur  making her unrecognizable and humiliated.
Ivana went rogue  changing her name to Kitty Galore and has been plotting her revenge  not only on dogs  but cats and humans as well.
Lou is contacted by Tab Lazenby  the head of M.
E.
O.
W.
S and they form an alliance to take down Kitty Galore.
They discover about the middlecat.
Who has been sending parts to kitty using other pigeons that work for her but claims that he does not know where she is hiding.
Needing help to find out  they go see Mr Tinkles.
Where Kitty could be hiding.
Who is locked up.
He refuses to help them fight Kitty.
He gives a hint.
Kitty discovers and hires two Scottish tabby mercenaries named Angus and Duncan MacDougall to assassinate Seamus.
Cats and dogs are working together.
Diggs subdues Angus and throws him overboard  disobeying Butch.
Butch votes him off the team and leaves with Seamus.
Catherine takes Diggs and learns.
He has been in and out due to the fact he never trusted anybody but himself.
But Catherine points out.
If he is  nobody can help him either.
She takes him.
E.
O.
W.
S.
HQ.
And learn  an amateur magician named Chuck the Magnificent.
Kitty is hiding.
Diggs and Catherine are captured by Kitty Galore and Paws  Kitty s assistant  and reveals her plans to send the Call of the Wild via an orbiting satellite.
Only dogs can hear to cause them to act crazy towards their humans.
They will then be put.
Where they will spend the rest.
Diggs and Catherine however escape and meet up.
Kitty uses.
The roof ride as the satellite dish to transmit the signal.
Butch  Diggs  Seamus and Catherine reach the roof.
Seamus accidentally activates the signal into destroying the satellite and Kitty lands in the magicians hat with the humans thinking.
It was a stunt.
Diggs and the others escape.
Diggs goes to live with Shane before coming to H.
Q.
To learn  Butch  Seamus  and Catherine go to stop him.
MrTinkles has escaped with the middlecat  so Diggs.
Mr Tinkles tries to order a cream and says Cats rule.
<EOS>
Undercover FBI agent Elizabeth Marcus  staying  encounters Jason and leads him to a clearing in the woods.
Where he is attacked and blown.
The agents are celebrating the victory.
We cut questioning.
What the government just did saying I do nt think so  pointing out that Jason has been resurrected before.
Jason s remains are sent.
The coroner is processing the autopsy making various notes.
It begins to beat slowly  then faster and faster.
He brings a scalpel.
The coroner becomes hypnotized and is compelled to eat it.
This causes spirits to emanate.
The coroner becomes possessed.
We see.
This is that of Jason s original form.
The now possessed coroner begins a killing spree.
He kills hospital guards  along with several teenagers.
The major plot line is.
The ` Jason spirit  must move.
This transfer happens.
Jason makes his way.
Steven attempts to protect her  but Diana is killed.
Jason escapes.
Steven is falsely accused and arrested  and meets Creighton Duke in prison.
Duke reveals Jessica s relation by asking Steven to ` pay  for the information regarding the bloodline  bounty hunter Creighton Duke claims  through a Voorhees may he be reborn.
Only members can truly kill him for good  Through a Voorhees  was he born.
He die.
May. 
He will be reborn back.
Therefore if he transfers the creature.
The only living relatives are his half-sister Diana Kimble  her daughter Jessica  and her infant daughter Stephanie.
Steven goes to find evidence to convince Jessica of his innocence and Jason s existence  but falls through rotten boards.
Unscrupulous news anchor Robert Campbell   planted it to be revealed during an upcoming investigative show to boost his ratings.
Who is dating Jessica  enters and reveals that he stole Diana s body.
Jason bursts in and possesses Robert and then leaves in pursuit.
Jessica   is attacked but is disrupted by Steven.
Who is unaware that her boyfriend is the undead killer.
He can be reborn.
Who manages to stop him and get Jessica.
He runs and explains the situation.
Jessica does not believe him and throws him out and goes to the police.
Steven turns himself and arrives at the station  he frees.
Jason does.
Himself again to protect Jessica  who now realizes that Duke was telling the truth.
Duke makes his escape.
The two make their way.
Where Diana worked and where baby Stephanie is.
Jason arrives.
They do.
A violent melee ensues leaving much so.
Jessica and Steven discover a note  telling them and ordering Jessica to meet him at the Voorhees house alone.
He has the baby.
Jessica meets Duke.
Duke throws her a knife.
The knife turns.
When she catches it.
Can be used to permanently kill Jason.
Meanwhile  Steven s friend Randy a police officer  is attacked at the diner.
Back  Duke falls through the floor.
Jessica is confronted.
One is killed accidentally.
Jessica drops it.
The second is revealed to be Jason  and attempts to be reborn.
Steven arrives and severs his neck.
The creature crawls out  and makes its way to the basement.
Where Diana s body was planted.
Jason explodes.
Steven  Jessica  and Duke realize what is happening  as Jason can be reborn.
The two men alternately fight.
Jessica attempts to retrieve the dagger.
Duke is killed  the fight ends up outside in a yard.
When Jason snaps his back.
Jessica jumps behind him and stabs him.
Jason prepares to kill Steven.
This releases the tortured souls into Heaven.
Light is shined.
Then large rock hands burst out  dragging Jason to Hell.
The next morning Steven and Jessica walk off.
A dog unearths Jason s mask and then runs away.
They depart.
Freddy Krueger s clawed glove bursts out and drag the mask to Hell.
He laughs  setting up the events.
<EOS>
Characters visit the city.
Are a female vamp.
Who winds up committing suicide.
<EOS>
Soft and Hard brings to light questions  in film and television  but does not necessarily set out to answer the questions.
Soft and Hard is one.
Godard experimented.
There are several key scenes.
Directly correlate.
The video starts appearing in text on the screen.
Godard and Mieville then use voiceover.
Random images appear.
A slow motion shot follows.
Godard and Mieville proceed.
Never resolves anything or settles.
The conversation-style interview has many elements.
Are counter interviewing techniques.
The lighting is a single lamp placed on the end table between Godard and Mieville  a technique opposite that of traditional television lighting.
The lengthy conversational interview is one extremely long take.
Has no reverse shot.
The entire interview is a cross shot  but never the reverse angle.
Where the audience could see his face.
This is the most obvious element.
Is seen.
The last scene is a shot of a television.
It appears.
The camera slowly zooms in.
If someone is channel surfing.
The channel stops on a shot from Godard s film  Contempt.
We see a cameraman panning.
If he were shooting.
The shot then pans to a blank wall.
Where Contempt is now being projected.
Mieville proceeds to walk  revealing her shadow.
Godard then joins her.
They hold their arms.
Soft and Hard ends.
Godard says Where has it.
To grow  to be enlarged.
Then  finally  Godard says Hard to say.
It fades.
The credits begin to roll.
<EOS>
Terry and his two partners are engaged in war against Chicago s mafia boss  DiMarco.
He always manages somehow to walk free.
Not discouraged prepares another action to raise some evidence against DiMarco  this time.
It s a controlled sale.
Unfortunately this wo nt come.
The exchange wants to arrest gangsters involved in the business.
One them manages to escape.
The other gangster is making confessions  those are though worthless in the eyes of the judge.
Was wounded.
Who rules that the interrogation was held and as that was illegal.
DiMarco is once again free  furthermore now he wants vengeance.
Who  as he thinks stole his money.
Terry s co-cops are being killed one.
Soon he finds himself.
After he learns that DiMarco s suspicions are not so quite abstract.
<EOS>
A country girl goes to sing professionally.
Where she falls with a member of the British Embassy.
They are parted  but subsequently reunited again.
<EOS>
Mr Srivastava lives a very wealthy lifestyle and two sons  Mahendra and Sunder.
He plans to get his sons married.
This does not happen.
Mahendra falls with Seema  who is poor and lives with her stepmother.
This creates considerable acrimony.
Seema is not accepted.
Unable to find a solution  Mahendra takes and falls in the bewitching clutches of a beautiful courtesan by the name of Bahaar.
Sunder meets.
Vacationing. 
Sapna  who also comes  falls in love with her and wants to marry her.
She  too  falls with him.
The next time Sapna sees Sunder and overhears.
He is soon to be a father.
Did Sunder decide to obey his father s instructions.
<EOS>
Patrick  an American card shark and dealer  has been ` comfortably numb  in Cambodia for years.
When he encounters Holly  a 12-year-old Vietnamese girl.
The girl has been sold and smuggled across the border to work as a prostitute.
Holly s virginity makes her a lucrative prize.
Patrick embarks through the both beautiful and sordid faces of the country  in an attempt to bring her to safety.
When she is sold.
Harsh  yet poetic  this feature forms part  utilizing mass media to raise awareness of the global child trafficking epidemic.
The producers are executing the K-11 Project with their non-profit  the Redlight Children Campaign.
Is a worldwide grassroots initiative generating conscious concern and inspiring immediate action.
<EOS>
The ruler  Queen Laian  gives birth to the heirs of her throne  Eli  Zeus  and Drix.
She decides to protect her triplets by sending her children to faraway Earth.
Two decades later  the lives intersect in the most unexpected way.
Everything is suddenly threatened.
They know and love.
When General Norak zeroes in away.
The spiteful alien wants unconditional  uncontested power.
He is unable to achieve this as long.
The true heirs are still alive.
He is so hellbent.
He does not think twice.
<EOS>
Part One is about 100 minutes.
The film is set and begins shortly after the Mukden Incident of.
Sufen works  Zhang Zhongliang gives evening classes to the workers.
Zhang successfully urges the workers to donate to the Northeastern Volunteer Army.
Who are fighting the Japanese invaders.
He is reprimanded for going against the Japanese.
Sufen and Zhongliang get married.
Before long  they have an infant son.
Whom they named Kangsheng.
The Japanese invasion now reaches Shanghai.
Manager Wen sends his cousin-in-law  Wang Lizhen  to avoid the war.
Meanwhile  Zhongliang joins.
Who stay on.
Sufen goes down to the provinces with her mother to join up with Zhongliang s father and younger brother Zhongmin.
Zhongmin  a village schoolteacher  runs away to join the guerrillas with three of his friends.
The Japanese are arresting the intelligentsia.
The people live a life.
Zhongliang is captured but escapes.
Zhongliang s father is hanged for trying to work a compromise concerning their grain levy.
The guerrillas successfully exterminate the Japanese soldiers  and bring the villagers to the mountains.
Where their base is.
However  Sufen and her mother-in-law are sent back.
Zhongliang escapes.
Is  where he can not find a job.
Destitute  he looks.
Lizhen gives him a place to stay and finds him a job at her godfather s company.
However  he soon discovers.
He has practically nothing to do.
He degenerates  and feels oppressed by the carefree  bourgeois attitudes around him.
He finally succumbs.
Sufen now works in a war refugee camp  while taking care of her son and.
The film ends amidst scenes.
Part Two is about 92 minutes.
The film continues the story.
He is promoted to be private secretary of Wang s godfather Pang Haogong  and becomes a shrewd entrepreneur.
Sufen   continues working in the refugee camp.
Their son has grown up to be a young boy.
The Japanese decides to dismantle the refugee camp  and order an evacuation of all refugees.
The people live.
The homeless refugees are forced to stay as punishment for a few escapees.
Zhongliang and Wang Lizhen get married.
The Japanese finally surrenders.
Zhongliang flies back.
Lizhen stays relunctantly.
The Nationalists round up people associated with the Japanese  including Manager Wen  and lock them in jail.
He Wenyan  Manager Wen s wife  plays host.
Wenyan transfers Wen s money  and ends up as Zhongliang s secret mistress.
Postwar conditions are tough.
Sufen can not afford to stay.
She can not contact her husband.
She offers her services.
Meanwhile  Wang Lizhen arrives.
Kangsheng  Zhongliang s son  becomes a newspaper boy.
He Wenyan throws a cocktail party.
Sufen chances.
Carrying. 
Who is about to dance a tango.
She overturns.
The tray  drawing attention from all the guests  and under pressure from Wang Lizhen  confesses to everyone that Zhongliang is her husband.
There is an uproar.
Sufen runs off.
Lizhen faints.
Lizhen roars.
Awake. 
Wenyan privately gloats.
Suzhen goes back  and reads a letter from Zhongmin.
Who has now married his sweetheart and is teaching.
Suzhen confides and has married another woman.
Zhongliang is back.
They go to confront Zhongliang.
Lizhen starts a ruckus and insists that Zhongliang divorce Sufen.
Shamed and totally disillusioned  Sufen runs out and goes to a quay.
Where she asks her son to buy her something to eat.
She has drowned herself.
When he comes back.
<EOS>
This movie is about a little girl  Winky.
Who is passionate.
Then subsequently it is shown.
How a little girl believes and learns that they give presents to all the children  so she decides to ask for a horse of her own.
<EOS>
It is 1976  an 8-year-old Mary Daisy Dinkle is a lonely little girl living.
Her relatively poor family can not afford to buy her toys or nice clothing.
She is teased due to an unfortunate birthmark on her forehead.
Her father is.
Distant and her alcoholic  kleptomaniac mother provides no support.
The closest thing is the man.
She has.
Whom Mary collects mail  Len Hislop  a Greek Australian World War II veteran who lost his legs and has developed agoraphobia.
One day   she decides to write a letter to a man living in New York City  Max Jerry Horowitz.
Max turns out to be a morbidly obese.
Whose various mental problems have left him unable to form close bonds.
Max decides to write back.
The two become friends.
Mary s increasingly sensitive questions about the adult world give Max progressively worse anxiety attacks.
He is ultimately institutionalized.
There  Max is diagnosed with depression and Asperger syndrome.
Now aware.
He has difficulty relating.
The two remain friends  keeping one another updated on various events in their lives.
Mary  inspired with Max  becomes a psychologist and marries her childhood crush  an effeminate young man named Damien Popodopoulos but fears Mary s sexual advances.
Who enjoys sewing.
Max wins the New York lottery  using his winnings to buy a life-time supply and then giving the rest away to his elderly neighbor  to have the owner of the shelter take it all for himself.
Who wastes most before dying and leaving the remainder to a cat shelter only.
Mary writes a psychological book detailing her communication with Max  in an attempt to dissect Asperger s syndrome.
Max is infuriated  having told Mary and sees it.
He has come.
Needs to be diagnosed and cured.
Max ends his communication  sending her the M key from his typewriter.
She is heartbroken and has the entire run  effectively ending her budding career.
When Mary receives the key.
Mary takes up her mother s affection for sherry.
Chronically depressed and drunk all receives a note from Damien informing her  Desmond  a sheep farmer in New Zealand.
He has left her  he has fallen with his own pen pal.
Max has decided to forgive Mary  and has sent her a gift as a token of his continuing friendship.
Mary is so unmanned  though.
She is unaware.
Ultimately  Mary discovers.
Some Valium that had belonged  and  not knowing that she is pregnant  decides to take her own life.
Her neighbor Len knocks  having conquered his agoraphobia in order to alert her of the package on her porch.
As Mary is about to kill herself.
Opening it  Mary finds Max s reconciliation gift.
He forgives her  how much their friendship means.
They will meet.
It is enough.
She decides to start her life over again.
One year later  Mary travels with her infant son to finally visit Max.
Entering his apartment  Mary discovers the now elderly Max  sitting  gazing upward  having passed away peacefully earlier that morning.
Seeing this  Mary returns the removed M key and sits down next to him with her son.
Looking  Mary discovers.
Max has kept many.
Seeing  Mary is moved.
How much Max valued their friendship and how happy it made him.
The film closes.
<EOS>
A ruthless and greedy talent manager named.
Boojie Baker discovers and then exploits unknown rock bands.
The film opens  a band named Charlie.
Who have clearly been put already.
They begin griping.
Then walk out.
Undaunted  Boojie and his loyal but dim-witted assistant Gordy walk.
They discover a new band performing  played The Faded Blue.
Promising them a recording contract and ensuing fame  Boojie renames the five-man group The Big Blast  outfits them and sets about to prime them for stardom.
This is done.
The group cuts their big hit.
Boojie presumably uses similar tactics to promote the record and garner airplay.
However  it does nt take.
Before the band begins to wonder why they are nt receiving any money.
A hard line negotiator  Boojie refuses to budge  and welcomes the boys to seek fame in fortune in other avenues.
To show  he even invites them.
There are no hard feelings.
It turns out.
This party  replete is a setup.
A police detective shows up to raid it.
Coincidentally  this is.
Boojie arrives.
It seems.
When he does.
He also has some pull.
He is able to bail the boys out.
It happens.
They agree to sign new contracts.
One concedes to Boojie s demands.
Incidentally   the detective hits up Boojie.
They leave.
Back  the group begins to unravel  internal bickering starts to swell.
They just ca nt seem to cut their follow-up hit.
The group decides instead to bring down Boojie at the expense of their own fame and fortune by sabotaging a television appearance.
Boojie has lined up.
Having humiliated Boojie  the group then rips up Boojie s contract.
Angry and defeated  Boojie and Gordy storm out  presumably to go look for another rock and roll band to manage and manipulate thus starting the cycle all over again.
Oh well  that s show business  one band member says.
The film ends.
Was inspired.
<EOS>
John Candy plays Jack Gable  a nearly out-of-work soap opera writer.
Whose product   is now dated.
The show  All My Dreams  takes place.
He produces.
Laura plays Rachel Hedison  a woman.
Who stops to acquire wealth and power.
Jack s situation is only worsened.
Who would sooner show him the door.
They commission Arnie Federman  another writer  to rewrite his script  setting one of the themes for the movie.
His associates want to write Laura due to the high cost of keeping her on the cast.
They attempt to create a new character  Janet DuBois  to replace her and will be less costly.
Meanwhile  Jack has a one-sided infatuation.
Who humors and uses him but has no romantic interest.
A fight  however  leads her to call and ask to accompany him on a weekend trip to Vermont.
He melts.
She makes up and   the trunk lid suddenly pops open and strikes Jack on the chin  knocking him unconscious.
He loads her luggage.
They kiss passionately.
He proceeds  only to be involved in a car accident.
When he awakens.
Jack finds himself in Ashford Falls Community Hospital  the same one.
Which his soap opera takes place.
Thinking himself the victim  he goes to the window to confirm his suspicions  only to find the view beyond the glass.
Is entirely.
Incredulous  he checks out and makes his way to a motel.
Where he looks.
He types  only to have the words magically disappear from the page.
When a conversation goes nowhere.
The mechanic calls him and tells him his radiator is fixed.
A few seconds later  the phone rings and he suddenly finds out.
His car is fixed.
He begins to explore the town.
He discovers.
He is living.
However  so can Arnie Federman.
Causes events to roll back and forth as he and Jack rewrite events back and forth  creating paradox.
Jack seizes his newfound power to pursue Rachel.
She manages to ignore him  yet his futile efforts are redeemed by the attentions of Janet Dubois.
Other events ensue.
Which he experiences the height  the lowest of the low  the full gamut of experiences  including a wild party which he wrote.
The film ends.
Who played Janet.
He wanted it to be.
<EOS>
The Frankenstein Brothers is a coming.
Orphaned  the brothers inherited their family brewery and were left in the care of their uncle  a well-meaning but less than ideal paternal figure.
Raised  with the assumption  Luke and Corey decide it s time to finish their family beer  a beer.
They re all grown up.
Their parents started but were never able to finish twenty years ago.
But  he abandons Corey and their family beer.
When the idealistic Luke meets a girl whose family shows him the home life he s always wanted.
Corey  however  refuses to go down.
The ensuing mayhem pits brother and forces the Colorado wild boys to finally grow up and decide.
Follows. 
What kind they really want to be.
<EOS>
Three recently released criminals decide to kidnap an 82-year-old woman  Toshiko Yanagawa  the wealthiest woman.
They stake  observing her for two months.
Toji occasionally leaves the mansion to go on mountain hikes with her chambermaid Kimi.
It is.
The three kidnappers make their move.
Toji calmly negotiates to let Kimi go.
But  she begins giving them advice.
They have Toji en route to the hideout.
To avoid the police.
There  Toji is insulted to hear  and demands they raise it.
The kidnappers say her ransom is only 50 million yen.
The kidnappers are aghast  but ultimately they comply.
Furthermore  Toji also orchestrates.
How the ransom note will be delivered  how her family will get the money together  and how the police will deliver it.
Police inspector Daigoro Igari takes a special interest in the past.
He addresses the kidnappers to express skepticism.
Toji really is safe.
Toji arranges a TV broadcast  to show and to instruct her family on.
She really is safe.
To sell off some so that after taxes there is enough money to pay the ransom.
Ten billion yen turn out to take up a lot  so much so.
A helicopter loaded with it barely has room left.
A second helicopter follows the ransom helicopter.
The ransom helicopter disappears.
The pilot is found in a cave  drugged to sleep.
Meanwhile  one has fallen in love with a local woman and decided to become an honest man  he refuses his share of the ransom.
Another kidnapper does take his cut.
He takes it to mean  ten million yen.
What he was originally promised.
And the kidnapper decides to go to work as a carpenter.
Who came up.
His first task is to repair a shrine.
Inspector Igari shows up to let.
Toji know he has figured out most  to evade taxes and prevent her mountains from falling into government ownership.
Igari suspects.
Most are hidden in the recently repaired shrine.
He also indicates.
He wo nt pursue the matter.
<EOS>
Lalita catches the eye.
He immediately falls with her and decides.
He must have her.
Her uncle Madhi arranges.
Them to marry.
He is only doing this.
JB is paying him.
JB kidnaps her and keeps her until the day of the wedding.
When she refuses.
She is literally watched over in case.
She tries to escape.
Lalita faints and uses this to escape.
She also moves her mother away and barely escapes JB.
Who assumes that she has been killed after he saw her being hit.
Lalita swapped her wedding dress with someone else.
The person that JB saw being hit was not Lalita.
Lalita escapes the city and meets Raj.
Who she uses him as a cover.
They both fall with each other.
She uses the name Shikha instead.
Raj s grandfather Rai Saheb is happy.
He arranges.
Unfortunately  JB finds out.
Lalita is still alive and quickly traces her.
He sees her and is filled with anger.
JB tells the whole family.
Who Lalita really is.
Lalita is taken away and is forced to be a dutiful wife.
Means that she has to stay with him forever.
Lalita decides to take matters into her own hands  Finally  Lalita decides but fails.
She has had enough and tries to kill JB.
Raj comes and rescues her.
<EOS>
Nagraj sends John to steal rare Diamond worth crores.
But John betrays Nagraj and run away  but gets killed by Ronnie.
Who leaves the Diamond.
So Yadav is jailed.
His daughter Madhuri disguises herself to run the Taxi for taking care of her family.
Now Manik and Chand turn up and claims to be her long lost uncles from Africa.
Madhuri is.
Everyone wants its possession.
The Diamond is the prime attraction.
Manik and Chand rescues Rahul  Madhuri and Madhabi from Nagraj and Police arrests Nagraj.
<EOS>
Ambika and Radha are Rajini s cousins.
Rajini likes Ambika.
She does.
Because she wanted a wealthy life.
Rajini did not accept her.
She is younger.
Then Ambika was forced to marry him and to give birth.
Then she ran away.
Later everyone was sad and ashamed.
Ambika s father wanted Rajini to marry Radha.
That the child would have a mother.
He agrees and marries her.
They lead a happy life.
Ambika reforms and wants to see her child.
They saw each other and became to come closer.
Ambika dies.
Rajini does the funeral.
<EOS>
Pipo receives a letter  asking him for help with mysterious events in a nearby castle.
Appears to be haunted.
Pipo leaves the circus  to the chagrin of circus director Dikke Deur -- a circus without Pipo sells fewer tickets.
There is no ghost  instead  he finds a knight.
When Pipo arrives.
Who has been asleep.
He is awakened.
The next problem is finding and waking his lady lover.
Who has also been asleep that long.
<EOS>
The film starts.
El  a crew member  walks.
When he discovers the eponymous magic portal  a rectangular arch flashing.
Entering the portal  he is transported.
Some LEGO creatures appear and build a small car to drive through the world of passages.
He then has a close encounter.
Who chases him.
The car falls apart.
El s car has a bump.
El finds another portal  and nearly gets eaten.
Who ends up while chasing a leftover tyre from the devoured car and attacks.
El reports his experiences.
Neither him nor his shipmate Pee believes him.
However  Captain Paranoia finds another Portal.
Takes him and then flushs him out.
The plasticine creature then goes back.
Captain Paranoia came through.
The Captain then finds his way back  and tells El and Pee about.
What happened.
El  Pee  Captain Paranoia and the Plasticine creature  go.
Find themselves  and get chased by liquid paper daleks.
The four escape the liquid paper daleks.
Are scared off that El had an encounter with earlier  in a shoe car.
The monster is  causing the car to destroy the set.
Lindsay Fleay was filming.
The monster knocks.
El walks again.
The set is rebuilt.
The film ends.
The screen goes.
<EOS>
The Kettles help out cousin Rodney Kettle with his Pineapple industry.
Ma and Pa get acquainted.
Who thinks the Kettles are the lowliest people she has met.
This is Percy Kilbride s last appearance  and his final movie as well.
<EOS>
The film series is a complicated serial.
Basically centers.
S.
Air Force captain and his quest.
Contains vital information.
The heroic Buster Crabbe plays Captain Roger Drum.
Who shoots down an enemy plane.
Intent.
The message was.
He is rescued  led by Princess Pha  and is renamed Thunda  King of the Congo.
He rings a temple gong.
Thunda is their missing pilot and called the Cave Men.
Who are searching than uranium.
Thunda clear the jungle of villains and reunites the Rock People and Cave Men for well.
<EOS>
Shank is an action film  set.
The story follows Junior and his older brother Rager.
Rager leads his gang  The Paper Chaserz.
They plan to steal goods out.
The robbery is successful  however  Rager s enemies a rival gang called The Soldiers  chase them to get the goods.
<EOS>
