The crew escapes  however Junior is stranded and cornered.
Rager reappears and saves his brother.
Soldier gang leader Tugz quietly gets up and stabs him multiple times in the back.
Junior watches helplessly.
Junior must now get revenge.
The Paper Chaserz reluctantly agree to help Junior.
They seek out help to be denied but always given some information.
Helps them.
Finally a trio agree to help them.
They also have reason to want revenge.
The group goes.
Whisper says.
Because his cousins want his help.
The final showdown is set.
The Paper Chaserz along square off against each other.
The Soldiers are badly beaten and retreat.
Junior chases him down.
Junior chases him and confronts him at the top of the stairwell.
Tugz begs.
He is sorry.
Junior does not believe the apology but decides.
Killing Tugz is not worth it.
Junior drops his knife and starts to walk down the stairs.
Tugz then grabs the knife and attacks him  Junior defends himself.
Tugz ends up falling over the railing.
<EOS>
They stumble and decide to use it in their movie.
When a renegade band break into an abandoned hospital to make their horror epic.
They accidentally bring it back  open a portal to a dead world  then struggle for their lives in a desperate attempt to flee from the creatures.
Releases dozens.
Who apparently have them hopelessly trapped.
<EOS>
The film opens to scenes of wrestlers and cheering fans.
The film proceeds to breakdown the concept of lucha libre and its cultural significance by following the dual lives of professional luchadores  Extreme Tiger  Angel Negro Jr.
They put.
And Pancho Cachondo  all working class individuals local heroes in the community the moment.
The film breaks  Books and other works such as Heather Levi s The World of Lucha Libre have examined lucha libre.
Surrounded. 
ยก Que viva la lucha.
The film introduces Extreme Tiger  a local.
Who repairs cars  and wrestles as a tecnico by night.
Extreme Tiger is a new star in Tijuana s lucha libre.
Who is quickly moving up the ranks  and aspires to take his professional wrestling career abroad.
Ultimately  his journey brings him.
Where he risks losing his mask.
Extreme Tiger prevails and takes Tijuana wrestling.
The tecnicos are characterized as charismatic  righteous.
Always seeking justice.
ยก Que viva la lucha.
And Pancho Cachondo.
Angel Negro Jr.
Is a young wrestler   he has become one of the local favorite rudos.
Still attending high school.
El Pancho Cachondo is also a local wrestler  a rudo.
Whose character was inspired.
The role serve to represent the corrupt  dishonest evil-doers in society.
The mask is one the unique iconographies.
Distinguishes Mexican wrestling.
Wrestlers are able to construct and transform into a character.
Contrasts. 
UTS San Diego   Latino Film Fest  June 5  2012 ยก Que viva.
It is a space.
Where fanatics and spectators are able to actively participate.
The film also interviews extreme fanatics to collect lucha libre memorabilia  and dedicated fans.
Have gained free access.
Vazquez states.
The arenas are considered a free place to let out all anger  excitement  passions.
<EOS>
Rui Pedro is a fifty something man.
Who returns where he grew up in colonial Mozambique.
Rui Pedro drives from one of the big cities of Mozambique  perhaps Beira  out to Bue Maria.
Where he spent his childhood and adolescence.
There he finds.
The ruins is the house in which he and his family once lived.
Rui Pedro pitches camp.
Where he encounters a young shepherd boy.
Rui Pedro shares food and a cigarette.
The boy can not speak Portuguese.
This meeting foreshadows the relationship between Rui Pedro and Jacopo  the ferryman from his childhood.
His visit recalls memories.
That took place.
When he was fourteen and home from school  dramatic incidence which would mark his life.
The son living amongst a small community of whites at a remote outpost in the bus  Rui Pedro has grown up shuttling between two ways of life  the European mores of his family and the African traditions of the workers.
His father manages.
His life has wavered.
At a time  Portugal stepped up its involvement in its African territories.
When the other European powers were reluctantly making ready to decolonize.
As the colonial cotton company Rui Pedro s father works for forces through a bumper cotton harvest  much to the detriment of the local population.
This exploitation is echoed in the relationship between Rui Pedro s cousin and his family s maid Ana.
Who is betrothed.
The violent end foreshadows the violence to come in Mozambique.
<EOS>
Gone Fishing is the touching story and old man coming to terms with bereavement through their shared love of fishing  and the legend of Goliath  the biggest pike ever caught.
The story is -  director Chris Jones and his friends would often attempt to catch the legendary ` Oscar the pike   a fish.
Growing up.
The aptly named Blue Lagoon.
This was the inspiration  the big fish in this even bigger tale.
<EOS>
The spaceship AAB Gamma is dispatched to travel to Mars to investigate reports of UFOs in the area.
It comes.
When the Gamma nears the red planet.
Sprays the Gamma.
The spores are taken back.
Where one begins to develop.
The spore grows.
The creatuere begins a rampaging.
It spits fireballs  feeds  turns into a giant energy ball and destroys any airplanes and tanks in its path.
When it wants to fly.
The monster is finally defeated.
Coat Guilala known as Guilalalium.
The Guilalium causes the monster to shrink down.
The government promptly launches the spore back.
Where it will circle the sun.
<EOS>
Sean and Anna are a married couple living.
Sean is heard lecturing  explaining.
Scenes are shown onscreen.
He does not believe.
He goes jogging  collapses and dies.
Ten years later  Anna has accepted a marriage proposal.
His wife Clara excuses herself  saying.
When Clifford  Sean s brother  arrives.
She forgot to wrap Anna s gift.
Instead  she buys a replacement.
A young boy secretly looks on.
The boy claims to be Anna s deceased husband  Sean  and warns her not to marry Joseph.
Who followed Clara.
Dismisses the boy s claim.
She realizes.
When Anna receives a letter the next day warning her not to marry Joseph.
The boy truly believes he is her reincarnated husband.
That night Anna and Joseph discuss the letter.
Joseph calls to get more information.
The building watchman seems to know the boy.
Joseph rushes downstairs to confront him.
When Sean answers the phone.
He takes him.
The three order Sean to leave Anna alone.
Sean refuses to recant his story.
Anna watches Sean collapse.
Sean leaves a message.
Her mother overhears.
That day mentions.
Sean wants to meet Anna  and that she will know where.
Anna hurries and finds Sean waiting in the spot.
Where her husband died.
He offers to submit.
Anna s brother-in-law Bob  a doctor  talks  recording his responses on tape.
He answers all the questions  even giving intimate details and Sean s sex life.
Sean is brought.
He is able to identify parts.
Everyone remains doubtful.
Anna s family becomes worried.
Who treats Sean.
Joseph begins feeling worried.
When Anna misses an appointment.
His jealousy is made plain.
When he physically attacks Sean.
Anna follows him and kisses him.
When Sean runs out.
Anna seems convinced and asks Clara and Clifford to meet him.
Clara encounters Sean and asks him to visit her later.
He brings a backpack to Sean.
When he visits.
These were Clara s spiteful engagement gift.
The boy secretly unearthed and read the night.
We learn.
Clara was Sean s lover  and that he gave the letters to her unopened as proof of his love.
Clara was jealous.
Sean would not leave Anna  but abandoned her plan to give Anna the letters.
Sean runs out  confused.
When Clara points out that if he were really a reincarnation he would have come to her first.
She suggests they run away and marry.
When Anna finds Sean.
When he is.
He tells Anna.
Since he loves her he must not be the reincarnated Sean.
Anna apologizes.
They are married.
Sean wrote a long letter apologizing  wondering.
He had the delusion.
Anna wades after the ceremony.
Joseph gradually pulls her back and whispers into her ear.
<EOS>
Lieutenant A.
K.
Waters and his U.
S.
Navy SEAL detachment are sent to extract a critical persona  one Dr Lena Fiore Kendricks  a U.
S.
Citizen. 
Their secondary mission is to extract the Mission Priest and two Nuns.
The mission begins as planned.
Waters tells Dr Kendricks.
Closing  and that the team s orders are to extract U.
S.
Personnel  however  Kendricks refuses to leave.
Waters calls Captain Rhodes  after their short and ambiguous conversation  he concedes to Dr Kendricks.
They will take those refugees able to walk.
She begins assembling the able-bodied  the priest and the nuns stay behind to take care of the injured.
Irritated and  the team and the refugees leave the hospital mission after daybreak.
They take a short break.
Guerrilla rebels rapidly approach their position.
Waters stealthily kills a straggling rebel.
Dr Kendricks warns Waters  but he is determined to carry out his orders.
The rebels are going.
They continue.
Waters  initial plan becomes clear  the SEALs suddenly turn away the refugees.
When they arrive.
Waters forces Dr Kendricks  leaving the refugees stranded in the jungle  unprotected against the rebels.
En route  they fly over the original mission compound  seeing it destroyed.
All its occupants murdered.
Dr Kendricks had predicted.
Remorseful  Waters orders the pilot to return.
He then loads and decides to escort the remaining refugees to the Cameroon border.
He can instead.
They discover.
The rebels are somehow tracking them.
The team enters a village.
They escape and evade the rebels.
Whose inhabitants are being raped  tortured  and massacred.
Aware  Waters orders the team to take down the rebels.
The team is emotionally affected.
They see the rebels have committed.
Again en route  Slo determines.
A refugee is transmitting a signal allowing the rebels to locate them.
The search reveals.
The presence is the reason the rebels are hunting them.
Samuel Azuka was not only the president  but also the tribal king of the Igbo.
Arthur is the only person left with a legitimate claim to the leadership of Nigeria.
A newer refugee picked up is discovered with the transmitter on his person.
He attempts to run but is shot.
Waters is angry.
She knew all along  yet never informed him.
The team decides to continue escorting the refugees  regardless of the cost.
A fire fight ensues.
When the rebels finally catch up  who decideto stay behind as rearguard to buy the refugees enough time to reach the border safely.
Zee calls the Harry S.
Truman  two F/A.
A Hornets take off and head.
The rebels kill Slo  Flea  Lake  and Silk.
Waters  Red  Zee and Doc are wounded  but direct the fighter pilots.
Where to attack.
Arthur and Dr Kendricks are scrambling.
When they hear the fighters approach and bomb the entire rebel force.
Waters  Zee  Doc  and Red rise as Navy helicopters land in Cameroon  opposite the Nigerian border fence gate.
Captain Rhodes arrives and orders the gate open  letting.
A detail.
S.
Marines then escort the SEALs.
Captain Rhodes promises Waters.
He will recover the bodies.
Dr Kendricks says farewell and flies away in the same helicopter with Waters.
The finale shows the refugees recognizing Arthur Azuka of his father s democratic dreams for Nigeria.
He raises his arm exclaiming Freedom.
Edmund Burke s quote serves.
The only thing necessary is for good men to do nothing.
<EOS>
The story centers.
Whose father was a famous golf pro.
He wanted Harvey to follow.
Poor Harvey is afraid.
Instead   Harvey becomes a golf instructor.
Lisa s brother Joe becomes Harvey s first client and becomes good enough to start playing  with Harvey tagging along as his caddy.
Donna Reed plays the wealthy socialite.
Who Dean wins over.
Joe s success goes and begins to treat Harvey poorly.
They begin to quarrel and cause a disruption.
Joe is disqualified.
However  a talent agent witnesses the spectacle and advices.
They go.
Harvey conquers his fear.
They become successful entertainers.
<EOS>
No one is happier - that is.
When Byron hits the big time.
She catches him flirting.
Tiffany s best friend tells her.
Contemplating whether to break it off.
Whose men can not control their primitive urges.
Enter Ms.
Shante Smith.
Using her knowledge  Shante gives Tiffany the necessary tools.
She needs to train Byron and teach him a lesson.
However  Byron also has expert advice.
Once again  the battle is on.
<EOS>
Paribhavam tells the story.
Who are Orphans.
Nandini had to come back.
Her parents were killed.
She develops a fascination and soon moves into the city with him.
Their public displays makes the locals agitate against them.
<EOS>
Prem Sagar  a teacher  is married to Indu in an arranged marriage recently and is still learning ropes of relationships.
When the arrival spells doom to their budding relationship.
Indu  unable to handle her interference  leaves Prem to return to her family.
Prem searches  including a Swami   he finally gains the maturity to love his wife.
Who reveals the secret  as a result.
The Householder screenrush.
<EOS>
The film opens arriving at the fast food restaurant Hella Burger.
The group are continuously insulted  causing a furious Tony to enter.
There. 
He is attacked.
He searches.
Brandon soon enters  only to find Tony dead.
He is attacked and butchered.
Horny proceeds.
Meanwhile  Mackenzie is having a house party  and friends Val  Van and Starfire.
The group find a ouija board and decide to ask it.
What their future will hold  to which the ouija board spells  a message that is unclear until the next day when the group see a news bulletin  showing the message is the license plate on Brandon s car.
The following day is attacked by Horny in the locker room.
Mackenzie complains.
Someone stole her camera.
The janitor  Lenny  gives her the camera.
Mackenzie stays behind to develop the photos  to find they reveal the deaths.
Horny chases Mackenzie.
Where she finds Val s head has been placed.
When turned on causes her head to explode.
Horny chases Mackenzie.
Where she finds Lenny has been hung.
Mackenzie is taken down with her Mom  Marcia and Dad  Bill to be questioned by Detective Brenda and Detective Dwayne.
The two detectives do nt believe Mackenzie s story however  and suspect Lenny.
The next day  the detectives visit Jack Benjamin  the owner.
Who proves to be no help.
That night  Mackenzie and Fisher get ready to work.
They have an argument.
They work.
They go.
Suddenly  the lights are switched off.
Chad is decapitated.
Tina is stabbed by Horny.
Mackenzie and Starfire enter the haunted house.
It breaks down.
They find Fisher after witnessing the murders.
Mackenzie goes to visit Fisher with Marcia.
Mackenzie becomes annoyed.
She believes she is hiding something  as all the murdered teenagers are the children of her old high-school friends.
Detective Chase overhears this and questions Tinas father  Bert.
Meanwhile  Fisher drugs receives a note.
Detective Crockers to get out.
The pair meet up and realize.
The message is referring  consisting of Chuck  Spanky and Carrie  who are stoned at the Hella Burger.
Horny soon arrives and butchers Chuck and Spanky.
Marcia tells her that.
Mackenzie arrives home.
When she was young  her and her friends accidentally murdered Archie Benjamin  Jack Benjamin s son  at Hella Burger.
The group kept it.
A secret and the police thought it was an accident.
Mackenzie goes to visit Jack with Fisher  Starfire and Van.
The group split up.
Van soon finds  her corpse shoved in the garage.
Starfire has been murdered.
Horny quickly appears and slices Van.
Mackenzie and Fisher are next attacked  resulting.
Horney somehow makes Fisher s eyes turn bloody red.
He throws him.
Meanwhile  Detective Chase and Detective Crockers come and find Jack Benjamin behind his own bed  trying to hide from Archie.
Mackenzie wakes up.
A birthday cake is.
It is now her birthday.
Horny appears and pours gasoline.
Marcia arrives and shoots Horny.
Marcia tries to free Mackenzie.
Horny is still alive and knocks out Marcia.
Mackenzie drinks a bottle.
This happens.
She had.
She sprays the whiskey  setting Horny on fire.
Horny taunts her.
Mackenzie and Marcia leave.
Horny burns alive.
Mackenzie and Marcia rush.
Who was described.
However  Fisher wakes up  still with blood shot eyes  revealing.
Archie has possessed him.
Fisher escapes the hospital.
Meanwhile  Detective Crockers is ordering food and murders him through the windshield after saying  Have a hella nice day.
Horny jumps.
<EOS>
Unhappy Lidda Daniels leaves Southern California to look a professional gambler.
When she turns.
Who abandoned her years before.
She picks up Colonel  a video store clerk.
Whom she finds attractive even though they ve never spoken.
This film is most notable.
Which James Caan and Vincent Kartheiser face off.
The drama is lessened.
One is playing Texas hold em.
The other appears to be playing five card draw.
<EOS>
Soldiers clear a small collection of farmhouses with two scientists.
Who take a tissue sample  then shot.
The film s first chapter  The Outbreak  begins  emphasizing both the dismissive and paranoid reactions of the population to an unspecified disease outbreak.
Is gradually making its way.
The film then moves to the countryside.
Where   the characters encounter the zombie outbreak firsthand.
The story is revisited in the second half of the movie.
The second chapter  The Scavengers  takes place one month later.
Two men and one woman travel around  in search of food and radio parts.
The final chapter  The Survivors  tells the story.
Who have set up camp.
They divide their time doing reconnaissance  holding off the endless stream of incoming zombies  and bickering amongst themselves.
The audience watches.
The survivors calmly execute the approaching infected.
Which the film goes back at the beginning of the first diary.
All but one are killed.
Both also survive  one having disappeared after helping slaughter.
The film crew and the other kills off the survivors.
<EOS>
The film follows three men.
Who meet during the waning days of World War I  Eddie Bartlett  George Hally and Lloyd Hart  and depicts their trials and tribulations from the Armistice.
Erupted due all the way through the 1929 crash of the stock market to its conclusion at the end of.
The 21st Amendment brought an end.
Eddie Bartlett returns home from the war only to find his old job at a car shop is occupied.
He remeets Jean Sherman  a girl.
Naive Eddie is pulled by Panama Smith.
He formerly spoke while she was in high school now working at a nightclub.
She is an undiscovered star.
Eddie generally takes.
But  they agree to work together.
When Bartlett runs on a boat raid.
They also meet Hart again.
Who has turned.
He falls hard  not knowing.
Eddie has a thing.
Eddie s bootlegging empire crumbles.
He s back.
Quite steps into Eddie s cab.
Eddie is now angry for leaving him for Hart and marrying him  so he s stand-offish at first.
But  Jean and Eddie agree to be friends and leave it at that.
But   Eddie learns Hally is going to murder Hart.
He knows too much.
Eddie adamantly protests and.
Talking again  goes to Hally s house to convince him not to bump Hart off.
This results.
Which Eddie kills Hally -LCB- Here s one rap ya  wo nt beat  -RCB- and some.
He is shot in the back by another cohort  runs a little ways  knocks over a mail box  and then dramatically collapses on the steps of a church.
Panama runs and  after being interviewed by a cop  He used to be a big shot.
The police arrest the remainder.
Whilst she cradles Eddie s lifeless body  she informs the officer.
<EOS>
Irish nationalists plans to seize a security van to raise money.
A photographer begins to investigate the raid.
One was murdered during it.
<EOS>
The story begins  Baby Jane Hudson is a vaudevillian child star.
She performs to adoring crowds and even inspires the creation.
Jane becomes a spoiled brat.
Whose doting stage-father Ray gives.
Her jealous sister Blanche watches.
The sisters  roles have been reversed.
Both are movie stars.
Blanche is the successful and glamorous one.
Jane s films have flopped.
Unable to establish her talent  Jane has taken to drinking.
One night  one of them is at the gate of her mansion.
The other one   steps on the gas and smashes into the gate.
It is unclear.
Sister is driving.
Blanche and Jane are retired from their careers and share a residence.
Blanche  crippled  is usually holed up in her bedroom watching her old movies on television.
Jane is a shadow  still drinking and wearing caked-on makeup.
She is abusive.
Who now depends.
There are few visitors.
Elvira fears.
She even tells Blanche.
Her sister has been opening her mail and dumping it.
Discovering  Jane responds.
Blanche intends to sell the house and possibly put her.
Blanche s beloved parakeet even disappears.
Meanwhile  Jane gets the urge to go back.
She sings her signature song from  I ve Written a Letter to Daddy.
When she was a little girl.
But  she screams.
When she gets a look in the mirror and sees what time and age have done to her.
Hearing this  Blanche presses a buzzer.
What has happened.
Jane responds.
She brings Blanche her lunch  and serves the dead parakeet.
Blanche is so frightened.
She refuses to look.
Jane places a newspaper ad for a pianist.
Blanche writes a note pleading and throws it from a window.
The neighbor  Mrs Bates is outside but does nt see it.
Nor can Mrs Bates hear Blanche.
Her daughter Liza is playing loud music.
Jane returns  finds the note  and mocks Blanche  telling her.
She will never leave the house.
Then she drops the note.
Jane gets a response.
An overweight man named.
Edwin Flagg makes an appointment to see her that afternoon.
Jane gives Elvira the day off and takes lunch.
Blanche lifts the cover.
This sends her.
Later  Edwin shows up.
Blanche activates the buzzer.
Jane is showing him a scrapbook.
Enraged  Jane goes upstairs.
Where she rips the buzzer apart and smacks her sister.
Back  Jane rehearses with Edwin at the piano.
She does a grotesque version.
Edwin tries to hide his horror.
He realizes he can take advantage.
They agree.
Jane drives him home.
Blanche discovers.
She s out.
Jane has practiced forging her signature and is writing checks.
She tries to get down the stairs to use the telephone.
She calls Jane s doctor and tells him.
When she reaches the phone.
She needs help.
Jane arrives back and finds Blanche talking.
Blanche abruptly gets off the phone.
Jane beats her senseless  kicking her.
Disguising her voice  Jane picks up the phone and calls the doctor back.
Her sister s.
She tells him not to come.
Jane has found another doctor.
Then Jane drags her sister  ties her up by her arms  gags her and leaves her there.
The next day  Elvira arrives to work.
Jane tells her.
Her services are no longer needed and dismisses her.
Suspicious  Elvira sneaks.
When Jane leaves.
Jane hits her and kills her.
The maid enters the room and finds Blanche bound and gagged.
Then she puts the body and disposes of it.
The police call the house and tell Jane.
A relative has reported her missing.
She tells them.
She has nt seen her.
Jane prepares to leave  fearing.
The police will discover what she s done.
Suddenly  Edwin shows up to receive his first payment.
Blanche is able to knock something down.
Edwin goes up and sees the condition.
She s.
She begs.
Edwin runs out.
Desperate  Jane puts her sister and drives to the beach.
The next morning  the search is.
Elvira s body has been found.
There are bulletins.
Blanche  starved and dehydrated  is lying sitting beside her.
Knowing  Blanche tells Jane the truth.
She is.
What happened years before.
It was she  Blanche.
Who had tried to run over her drunken sister.
Jane  however  had moved out.
Blanche had slammed and snapped her own spine  managing to drag herself out of the car.
She has since believed.
Jane was too drunk to realize what happened.
She was responsible.
Jane sadly asks  You mean all this time.
We could have been friends.
The police arrive to find Jane.
She dances  with a crowd surrounding her.
Finally she again has the attention.
She s craved.
She dances  joyfully  happy.
The police spot a motionless Blanche lying and hurry over to help her.
The film ends.
Is not revealed.
Whether Blanche has survived.
<EOS>
Seventeen-year-old high school student  Scott Howard  is sick.
He were special.
His father runs a local hardware store.
Scott plays basketball with a not-so-good win-loss record.
The girl  Pamela Wells  is dating Mick McAllister  a jerk from an opposing high school team  the Dragons.
Scott begins to notice strange changes to his body.
Scott keeps undergoing changes.
Eventually he returns home  locks himself  and undergoes a complete change and becomes a werewolf.
His father demands that he open the door.
He tries to refuse  only to finally give in and obey  to find.
His father has also transformed.
Harold never told his son.
He was hoping.
It would not happen.
Scott first reveals his transformation  after getting pinned in a.
Scott goes on to wow them with his basketball skills.
He finishes the game.
Scott subsequently learns to use his family curse to gain popularity  becoming the team s star basketball player  and learns to transform at will between his normal self and The Wolf.
His basketball team goes.
Scott begins spending most as The Wolf.
He also wins the interest while ignoring the affections of his best friend  Boof.
Who has loved him.
Scott s other best friend Stiles  a party animal  quickly cashes in on Scott s new-found popularity  selling Teen Wolf T-shirts and other merchandise.
Stiles  wolfmania reaches such extremes.
He trades.
Almost turns violent.
Scott refuses to wolf out and insists on winning the game on his own.
Coach Bobby Finstock tells Scott.
The team is doomed to fail.
Scott is able to prove him wrong.
Scott is able to rally the team back to within a point.
Time is expiring.
Scott is fouled one last time on the final play and given two shots.
Mick is able to stand underneath the basket.
Scott attempts his foul shots.
Scott makes both baskets.
The Beavers win the game.
Pamela smugly expects to get Scott s attention.
The game is over.
He passes her to hold Boof in his arms  kissing her passionately.
<EOS>
Mary Elliott and Courtland Nixon are dancing partners.
Mary leaves Courtland and marries a wealthy admirer   Maryon.
Who soon goes bankrupt and kills himself  leaving Mary to raise their daughter.
Maryon grows up to become a dancer.
A theatrical press agent  Ernest  reunites.
The cast is reunited with Mary.
There is a fire.
Which both Mary and Courtland are injured.
They survive and decide to get married.
So too do Maryon and Ernest.
<EOS>
Lurgan  Northern Ireland .
The Northern Irish Troubles are underway  they claim.
Are militant republicans.
Alistair Little  17  is the leader  eager to be blooded.
He and his gang are given the go-ahead to kill a young Catholic man  James Griffin  as a reprisal and a warning.
Joe Griffin - the 8-year old little brother - watches in horror.
When the hit is carried out.
His brother is killed.
Little goes.
Thirty-three years are to meet  on camera  with a view to reconciliation.
Little has served his sentence.
Peace may have been agreed to  but Joe Griffin is not coming on the program for a handshake.
Unbeknownst  he intends to murder his brother s killer during the filmed meeting.
However  he becomes emotional just  scuppering the project.
The cameras be removed.
Later  Little agrees to meet Griffin.
Griffin attempts to stab Little  jumping him.
Little tackles Griffin.
Both fall.
The two are injured.
Little tells Griffin to get rid and tell his family.
He killed him off because he is nothing and wants Griffin to live his life.
Little is speaking metaphorically  and means to kill Little off in his head  in so doing.
They can both move on.
Griffin very shakily lights up a cigarette pulls himself up against a wall and limps down the road.
Griffin attends a group sharing.
He shares.
He wants to be a good father.
He cries.
He calls Little to tell him  we re finished.
<EOS>
The film stars.
James Woods work to defend drug dealers.
Robert Downey Jr.
Plays Roger Baron  an idealistic young legal clerk fresh out  played by Yuji Okumoto.
Who encourages Dodd to take.
Who has been imprisoned.
Kim s mother believes.
Her son was wrongfully accused.
Dodd and Baron s investigation leads.
<EOS>
A newspaper reporter discovers.
The crash may have been related.
A woman   approaches.
Who claims she was a survivor.
This leads to capture her and a young girl - the girl has the powers to heal and to transport.
She is protecting.
A villainous killer and a young boy lead the attack.
Who can control minds.
<EOS>
Farhan Qureshi  Raju Rastogi and Ranchhoddas Rancho Shamaldas Chhanchad are three engineering students.
Who share a room.
Farhan is studying engineering to pursue his father s wishes.
Raju is studying to get his family out.
Rancho studies for his simple passion in machines.
Rancho believes.
That one should follow excellence  not success  as success will take care if excellence is followed.
However  this different approach is sneered.
Virus s favorite student  Chatur Silencer Ramalingam  believes over understanding.
Order to reach his goals.
Rancho falls with Virus s daughter Pia  a medical student.
Angered  Virus continually attempts to break Rancho s friendship.
Things further escalate.
When the three friends drunkenly break.
The next day  Virus threatens to rusticate Raju.
He squeals.
Not wanting to betray his friend or let down his family  Raju attempts suicide and ends up.
He makes a full recovery and thus discards his fear of the future.
His frankness impresses the corporate agents.
They hire him.
Farhan  goaded  convinces his parents to allow him to drop out of school and follow his wildlife photographer dream.
Virus schemes to set Raju an impossibly tough final exam  is contingent on graduation.
Pia learns and informs Rancho and Farhan.
Who break.
Virus catches them and expels them.
Pia angrily confronts him  revealing.
Her brother  whom their father had pushed to become an engineer  committed suicide after failing ICE s entrance exam three times.
Pia then flees.
Later that night  Pia s pregnant older sister Mona goes.
A heavy rainstorm cuts all power and floods the streets  making it impossible to reach Mona.
The students rig up a power supply and other equipment.
That   they can deliver the baby.
The baby is apparently stillborn  but kicks.
When the students all chant Rancho s calming mantra All is well.
The baby recovers and Virus is thus obliged to forgive Rancho and his friends  allowing them to stay.
Their story is framed from the present day.
Years after Chatur bet that he d become more successful.
Chatur   is eager to rub Rancho s nose.
Who now boasts with an American company.
Raju and Farhan have tried to find Rancho with no results  with Chatur s help  they travel to the Chhanchad estate in Shimla.
Where they find a completely different man  the real Ranchhoddas Chanchad.
They coerce the stranger  their friend was an orphaned servant boy.
Who loved learning.
Rancho s father arranged for the servant boy to go to college and earn a degree in Rancho s name.
The real Rancho reveals.
Their friend is now a schoolteacher.
The three rescue Pia from an unhappy wedding  over Chatur s objections  he wants to get the trip finished quickly.
He is.
Raju and Farhan find villagers working with gadgets.
Show the stamp  and learn that Rancho has all of Farhan s photography books and reads Raju s blog every day.
The three friends reunite.
Pia and Rancho rekindle their love.
Chatur mocks Rancho.
However  Rancho reveals his true name  Phunsukh Wangdu.
Chatur  mortified  accepts his defeat and pleads to forgive him and accept his company s contract.
Phunsukh  Pia  Farhan and Raju run laughing in pursuit.
<EOS>
Suzanne  a puppeteer  lives in an apartment in Paris.
She is worried  Marc  Suzanne hires a Chinese filmmaker named Song as Simon s new nanny.
<EOS>
Empress Myeongseong is assassinated.
He tastes and falls.
He is there.
Had yet to gain popularity.
King Gojong hires the beautiful and cosmopolitan Tanya as his personal barista.
Tanya becomes involved.
Involves not only the Russian sniper Ilyich but also the mysterious socialite known.
Ilych eventually become ensnared in a plot to assassinate King Gojong.
Is orchestrated.
Ilych becomes a spy to protect Tanya.
Who has begun to fall while she makes his coffee every day.
Could easily conceal poison.
She will become a pawn.
<EOS>
Caitlin Rose is a shy.
She s not very well known.
She is accepted into the popular group at school  known as The Crew.
She bonds  eventually sleeping with him.
Partying one night.
Being secretly watched.
Acting  she soon starts to rebel  neglecting school and getting into trouble.
A lot are bothered by their behavior  complaining to administrators.
They get.
Ethan is dating another girl.
Caitlin finds out.
Upset  she confronts him.
Trying to keep up a tough image  he claims.
They were never serious.
She responds.
She sees right  before leaving.
Back  she receives a visit from Jace.
Who lies his way by saying that he wants to comfort her.
He tries to kiss her.
He becomes angry and ends up raping her.
When she refuses him.
Her little sister listens.
The next day  she distances herself  not wanting to talk to her mother.
Caitlin admits.
When Avon demands to know what happened last night.
Jace raped her.
She  however  does nt believe Caitlin  claiming.
She probably seduced him.
Feeling betrayed  she leaves home  only to be told the same.
She directly accuses Jace  but nobody believes her.
The rest soon turn their back on her.
Determined to prove  she goes.
She is nt lying.
The doctors ca nt find any proof due to.
She had already been sexually active.
Nevertheless  Avon decides to believe her and offers to press charges.
Caitlin responds.
She just wants to forget everything that happened.
She is soon troubled.
People start bullying her.
She considers dropping out and going to college.
She soon realizes.
She could be able to stop it.
She is unable  however.
The harassing continues.
This results.
Who is subsequently suspended.
Her mother threatens to step.
Angers the principal.
Trying to prevent the school  she suspends Ethan and Jace from two football games.
The group lures her into an abandoned house and attack her  cutting off her hair as a punishment.
However  Ethan sees.
Scared she is and lets her go.
Devastated  Caitlin decides to fight back  calling an investigator the next day.
The two begin collecting evidence and preparing to sue the school.
Meanwhile  Jace reveals.
He indeed raped Caitlin.
Stunned  Ethan tries to make it right with her.
She initially does nt want to see him.
However   Caitlin finally relents.
An uneasy truce is made.
Feeling betrayed  Jace starts vandalizing Ethan s property and car.
Finally  he picks up Caitlin  ready to flee the town.
They are stopped.
A knife fight breaks out between Ethan and Jace.
Ends when Jace is stabbed deeply.
Later  they kiss.
A court trial follows.
Which the school district promises to change their policies.
Jace testifies.
He will never play college football  and that he s ready to move on with his life and go to a state college.
Caitlin leaves town for college  leaving everyone behind.
<EOS>
Shyam is an ambitious man.
Who meets Rukmini  the daughter  and falls in love with her.
They get married from Rukmani s family.
Now Shyam wants to become a father.
Rukmani is not interested  hence  the relationship between Shyam and Rukmini worsens.
Shyam and Rukmini separate.
Radha  daughter  brings a ray of hope into Shyam s life.
What happens next forms the climax.
<EOS>
Mill worker and political activist Leopold Dilg is accused.
Dilg escapes from jail and seeks shelter in a house owned by former schoolmate Nora Shelley  now a schoolteacher.
Whom he has had a crush.
Shelley has the house rented.
Who plans to write a book.
Both Lightcap and Dilg arrive.
Shelley passes him off.
When Dilg is spotted.
Lightcap and Dilg enjoy having spirited discussions.
Dilg subscribes.
They become good friends.
Meanwhile they become romantic rivals.
Lightcap also falls with Nora.
Lightcap becomes suspicious and starts  in spite of his initial reluctance  to investigate further.
He romances the girlfriend and discovers.
The former foreman is still alive and hiding.
He is ` persuaded  to return and admit his guilt and that of the mill owner.
Lightcap also convinces Dilg.
Dilg gives himself up.
He is set free.
Soon afterward  Lightcap is appointed.
He asks Shelley to marry him.
Dilg tells Shelley.
Lightcap s a fine man.
She decides.
<EOS>
Soman is brought up.
Soman is with Lakshmi  the daughter of a poor village performer Kaniyan.
Who belongs.
Raju  employed resent the inter-caste marriage between Soman and Lakshmi.
Lakshmi gives birth.
Soman goes.
Lakshmi faces harassment.
Who is left behind.
Soman is hit by a car driven by a rich young woman.
Who takes him home and also employs him.
Janu starts receiving Soman s letters and remittances.
Start arriving.
Janu does this.
Meanwhile Lakshmi leaves the village.
Lakshmi sees her husband with a woman and suspects him of being disloyal.
The young woman is none other.
Lakshmi tries.
To kill her child and commit suicide but what saves her is the instinct.
Lakshmi gets together a band and organises a home for them.
She uses her talent and collects funds for the home by staging plays.
Back turns its tables on Raju and Janu.
Her brother Shanku is killed.
The real culprits  the zamindar s advocate and his group mislead the police implicating Soman in the murder.
Her plays  Lakshmi recognises her husband.
Who is about to be arrested.
Explanations follow and Soman is absolved.
The couple are reunited.
Raju is helped out.
Janu is recognised.
Who has now become a beggar.
Regardless.
What has happened.
And all ends well.
<EOS>
A teenage girl gains a scholarship  but soon discovers.
Her classmates are becoming personality-less drones.
She discovers.
She investigates the school.
The faculty may be experimenting.
<EOS>
Marnie Piper prepares to begin a new school year in her new home.
She asks the Halloweentown Witches  Council to work.
She proposes to bring a group to her own high school in the mortal world.
The Council is initially apprehensive.
Who wanted to destroy all things magical.
The Council  however  agrees to accept the plan.
Marnie mistakenly bets all the Cromwell magic that her plan will work.
Then her entire family will lose their magical abilities.
She does not prove she is right.
The Halloweentown students consisting arrive.
They are magically given human appearances to disguise their true non-human natures.
School begins  Aggie substitute teaching  Cody  a new student  showing a romantic interest in Marnie.
She can be available.
A possible threat.
She encourages the kids to join sports teams and clubs.
The Halloweentown students keep  hiding in the refuge.
Aggie proves unable to teach any subject effectively.
Aggie magically creates in a remote student locker.
Marnie gradually encourages the kids to join school activities and make new friends.
Marnie s progress is interrupted.
Appears to be.
Results. 
Meanwhile  Marnie s developing relationship parallels an unexpected romance beginning between Aggie and the school s principal  Phil Flanagan.
Aggie suspects Cody  and tries to convince Marnie to halt their relationship.
Marnie suspects Flanagan.
They eventually discover  he was told prior.
Flanagan is the Knight.
He was the last.
Edgar Dalloway  head  is the real root of their problems.
He wants to keep Halloweentown isolated  and used Flanagan to ensure the failure of Marnie s project.
This  he hoped  would cause a negative reaction and keep the portal between Halloweentown.
The mortal world closed.
The Halloweentown students use the school s Halloween carnival to improve mortal attitudes.
Their haunted house depicts the ordinary lives and ogres picnicking in their natural setting  and winds up boring the carnival goers.
Have typically been seen.
Gwen meanwhile uses a witch s glass to hunt down the missing student.
Whom Dalloway imprisons.
Edgar Dalloway launches magical attacks against mortal students by bringing the inanimate monsters in the haunted house to life.
The ensuing damage and panic spiral s ability to contain them  including a reanimated skeleton.
Grows 30 feet tall.
Flanagan incites a mob to corner the Halloweentown students.
Cody shames the crowd  the students reveal themselves.
The crowd accepts them.
Who they are.
Flanagan also renounces being a knight and accepts Aggie.
Dalloway claims the Cromwell magic.
Gwen  accepting her magic abilities  has shown the evening s events.
They return the Cromwell magic  Gwen returns.
Whom Dalloway had imprisoned.
The Council imprisons Dalloway.
The portal opens in the middle of the haunted house.
Crowds cross over to enjoy the carnival together with mortal world kids.
Marnie flies off and   they kiss.
Flying. 
<EOS>
A decade-long hunt began for al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden.
An elite team  working in secret across the globe  devote themselves to a single goal  to find and eliminate bin Laden.
<EOS>
Patrick Bateman is a wealthy investment banker living.
His life revolves.
Of whom dislike him.
However  he also leads a secret life.
Which he commits rape  torture  and murder.
Bateman describes the material accouterments of his lifestyle  his daily morning exercise and beautification routine  his music collection  including artists such as Huey Lewis and the News and Whitney Houston  his taste for expensive designer clothes  and the lavish couture of his apartment.
Bateman and his associates flaunt their business cards in a display of utter vanity.
He murders a homeless man and his dog in an alleyway in a fit of frustrated rage.
Bateman makes plans to have dinner with Paul.
Who had earlier mistaken him.
Bateman gets Paul drunk and lures him back.
Bateman ambushes Paul and murders him.
Playing Hip to Be Square.
Bateman disposes  then goes to his apartment to stage it.
That others believe Paul has run off.
Bateman is met.
Paul s family becomes suspicious.
Bateman then has a violent threesome.
Whom he names Christie and Sabrina.
The two women leave his apartment bruised and bloodied.
The next day  his colleague Luis Carruthers reveals his new business card  sending Bateman.
Bateman tries to kill Luis  but can not bring himself to strangle him.
Luis mistakes the attempted murder and declares his love for Bateman.
Who flees.
Bateman invites his secretary  Jean  to dinner  suggesting she meet him at his apartment for drinks beforehand.
Bateman  unbeknownst  holds a nail gun to the back of her head.
When Jean arrives.
The two converse.
However   he decides not to kill Jean and asks her to leave.
Receiving an answering machine message.
She gets hurt.
Patrick has a threesome with his old friend Elizabeth and Christie at Paul s apartment.
Christie realizes.
Having sex.
Bateman has murdered Elizabeth and tries to flee.
She discovers multiple female corpses and words.
Attempting to escape.
Bateman then murders her by dropping it down a flight of stairs onto her.
She attempts to run.
A few months later  Bateman abruptly breaks off his engagement.
That night  he finds a kitten  then imagines a stray cat.
He uses an ATM.
The display reads Feed me.
Bateman is stopped.
Whom he murders instead.
A police chase ensues.
Bateman destroys the police cars  causing explosions.
Kill the pursuing officers.
He then attempts to flee.
He accidentally enters the wrong office building  murdering a security guard and a janitor.
He calls his lawyer  Harold  and leaves a lengthy answering machine message  confessing most of his murders.
The following morning  Bateman visits Paul s apartment  finding it completely vacant and being offered.
The real estate broker views him and tells him to leave immediately.
Jean finds detailed drawings in Bateman s office journal.
Bateman goes to meet.
Bateman sees Harold at a restaurant with his friends  and tries to convince him.
He is Patrick Bateman and a serial killer.
However  Harold mistakes him and laughs off the confession as a joke.
He also denies.
Paul was murdered  claiming to have had dinner in London only 10 days before.
Bateman realizes.
He will continue to escape the punishment he deserves.
He laments.
There has been no catharsis and that he still remains a mystery.
He still wants his pain to be inflicted.
He regrets that nothing has been gained.
He finishes his inner monologue  This confession has meant nothing.
<EOS>
Max is a plumber working.
Which anthropologist Jill Cowper and her husband doctor Brian have recently moved.
Max appears uninvited.
Though the couple has noticed no irregularities.
Convincing them  he begins work by dismantling some pipes.
The problems are not easily noticed.
Max s work drags on for days.
It becomes increasingly obvious.
He is only doing more damage.
Max begins to frighten Jill by taking the liberty to use their shower without permission and playing guitar and singing songs in the bathroom.
He was supposed to be working.
He also makes his way through the roof.
When the door is not opened.
The damage eventually leads to a house guest.
He caused.
Who happens to be an official.
The Cowpers are able to rectify the situation.
Max  a self-declared rock-and-roll rebel  is unrelenting.
<EOS>
Holden McNeil and Banky Edwards are comic book artists and lifelong friends.
Holden is the calmer  more reasonable  Banky  meanwhile  is the caustic and short-tempered half.
Everything is going well.
They meet Alyssa Jones in New York where they are promoting their comic Bluntman and Chronic.
Holden is attracted  but soon learns.
She is attracted.
The two begin hanging out.
A deep friendship develops.
Eventually  Holden is no longer able to contain his feelings  and confesses his love.
She is initially angry.
That night  the two begin a romantic relationship.
This new development worsens the tension.
Who dislikes and distrusts Alyssa and is bothered.
Banky investigates and uncovers dirt.
He reports to Holden.
Alyssa participated during high school  which gave her the nickname Finger Cuffs.
Holden is deeply disturbed  having believed.
He is the first man Alyssa had ever slept.
He angrily confronts Alyssa.
He clumsily attempts baiting her.
She tells Holden about her many youthful sexual experimentations.
She apologizes.
Him believe that he was the only man she had been.
However  she refuses to apologize.
Holden leaves feeling angry and confused.
Later   Silent Bob reveals.
He was once similar to Holden s.
He was  Amy.
Angry for letting her go  he has spent every day since then chasing Amy  so to speak.
Inspired  Holden devises a plan to fix both his relationship with Alyssa and his fractured friendship with Banky.
He invites them and tells Alyssa.
He would like to get over her past and remain her boyfriend.
He also tells Banky.
He realizes that Banky is passionately to prove the point.
Holden suggests a threesome.
Banky agrees to participate.
Initially appalled.
Whereas Alyssa explains to Holden that it will not save their relationship.
She states.
She loves him.
She will not be his whore.
Banky also leaves the apartment  and summarily ends their friendship.
One year later  both Banky and Holden are busy promoting their own respective comics.
It is revealed.
Holden has dissolved their partnership  leaving the viewer with the assumption that he sold the publishing and creative rights over to Banky.
Banky smiles sadly.
Who silently congratulates him.
Banky gestures over hosted by Alyssa  and provides wordless encouragement to Holden to go talk to her.
He has a brief  quietly emotional conversation  and gives her a copy of Chasing Amy  his new comic based on their failed relationship.
Alyssa s new girlfriend arrives and asks.
Who she was talking.
A shaken misty-eyed Alyssa feigns indifference and replies  Oh  just some guy I knew.
<EOS>
Set  the film begins with Sabrina Downs narrating a specific experience.
She had while serving time.
Her story begins.
She meets Frances Shephard  a timid woman that is new  during their bus ride to the correctional facility.
The women arrive.
Where they meet Captain Alan Dease  who proceeds to line them up and exclaim the rules for not abiding by them.
She will be living.
Frances is escorted to the jail cell.
She attempts to move in Nikki Barnes  and instead lives with Lil  Mama  a 17-year old pregnant convict.
Who is presumed to be the leader  but is denied.
Who is deeply involved.
Lil  Mama introduces Francis.
Who informs her.
Frances confesses.
When asked what crime she committed.
She accidentally murdered her abusive husband to protect herself.
The next day  Frances is familiarized.
What the other convicts refer.
Michael Meadows  a law student  enters Dease s office and introduces himself.
Who is hired.
They have a brief conversation.
Dease is called to stop a fight that has occurred.
Who the other inmates claim to be Dease s secret mistress and informer.
Dease has an intimidating conversation.
Two officers take Aisha.
He runs the prison  not Nelson  the warden.
Nelson approaches Dease and they collaborate.
Aisha enters she s unimportant.
Dease s office to discuss her fight slaps her in the face  telling her.
He presents Aisha but refuses to give it to her.
She provides him.
Dease then turns off the surveillance camera and forces Aisha to perform oral sex.
Aisha finds Frances  punches her.
She leaves the office.
Aisha caused the fight.
Aisha leaves and is surprised by Nikki.
Who stabs her and takes Frances s chain back.
Michael takes Frances to Dease s office.
Where Nelson questions her.
Frances provides no information.
What she saw and is let go.
Later that night  Dease and the other officers enter Nikki s cell and beat her  claiming.
They know she stabbed Aisha.
However  Dease secretly loves Nikki and abuses her.
She does not return the feelings.
Michael enters the break room.
Where Dease and the other guards are.
They begin to discuss the possible closing.
John Banks  a white officer  is concerned.
Dease claims.
The loss is associated with untrained students such as Michael stealing their jobs  which creates tension between the other officers and Michael.
Dease proceeds to yell therefore deserve to be treated poorly.
Michael attempts to defend himself and the mistreated female inmates.
These women have no respect and are.
Later  Michael does his own research and discovers.
These female convicts are being exploited.
Lil  Mama becomes very ill.
The other convicts are concerned.
No officers come to help.
Frances   takes care throughout the night.
Who was a nurse.
The next day Frances for helping Lil  Mama and returns her necklace.
The ladies receive bad news  Nikki s children do not come to visit.
Frances was denied an appeal.
Wet gets a citation.
Also  Aisha returns.
Frances  Nikki  Lil  Mama  and Wet  now friends  sneak off.
Where they share food and wine.
They witness Dease secretly place a small bomb.
Goes off.
Dease blamed the incident on the inmates and has the kitchen rebuilt.
Nelson approaches Dease  angry about the explosion and Wet s petition.
Nelson states.
He was informed that Dease created the explosion and threatens to fire Dease if he attempts any secret plans again.
Officer Banks enters Wet s room and begins to damage her belongings  causing an altercation between Wet and Banks.
Wet is taken.
Wet and the other inmates collaborate and create another petition to present to Miller  a man.
When she returns.
Nelson hopes will invest.
Frances stands and reads the inmates  demands.
When Miller arrives where the inmates are.
Dease and Banks begin to hit Frances and Nikki and take them.
Where they stay.
They share.
Stories and Frances helps Nikki overcome the temptation.
They are let out and return.
Francis discovers.
Her daughter Maxine has been killed.
Frances and the other inmates devise a plan to get back at Dease with the help from Michael and Aisha.
Who is fed up for beating her.
Aisha enters and seduces Dease.
Lil  Mama cleans Dease s office.
Who kicks and turns off the surveillance camera.
Aisha makes.
Lil  Mama returns briefly and turns the camera back.
It appear as if Dease is raping her.
Caught  the ladies plan on giving the evidence to the governor.
Dease harasses and rapes her.
When Lil  Mama attempts to take the tape.
The other inmates rush her.
When she returns.
Where she has a miscarriage and dies.
The inmates   attack the doctor.
Who are violently upset.
He attempts to call Dease to have them escorted back.
They hold the doctor and handcuff Michael to a chair.
Wet shoots Dease.
He enters and he and hits the doctor.
Nelson  informed  refuses to call the Governor for assistance and instead orders the officers to be ready at the scene.
The convicts release Michael  handcuff wounded Dease  and call Nelson  telling him.
He has one hour to get the Governor.
Nelson demands to speak.
Order to ensure he is alive.
The inmates put Dease and force him to tell Nelson.
He raped Lil  Mama.
Dease attacks.
When her back is turned.
Frances and Nikki shoots Dease several times  killing him.
Sergeant Cervantes  the officer to surrender.
Wet goes outside and shoots an officer.
She is shot and dies.
Frances and Nikki decide to exit the infirmary and are killed by the officers.
Meanwhile  Aisha sneaks and retrieves the tape.
Sabrina explains.
The women file a lawsuit against the prison for their abuse and win the case.
The prison is shut down.
Nelson is indicted.
Aisha is killed shortly after.
Sabrina  now free  dedicates the inmates  victory  Francis  Lil  Mama  and Wet for their courage.
<EOS>
The story is a business man in India.
His father had already left her.
His mother died when he was very young.
Raju witnesses Rajesh Mittal winning an award on TV.
Raju realizes.
Rajesh is none other  and leaves immediately for London.
He meets Sonia Singh.
Who has too much luggage and tries to get Raju to hold it.
Raju understands her plan.
It backfires.
The two then begin to believe they love each other.
Raju finds Rajesh and tells him the truth.
He then finds out.
Rajesh is already married and has two kids  Rinkie and Bunty.
Rinkie is about to get married.
She is unaware.
Raju gives Rajesh eight days to break the news and call Raju his son.
He ll tell the family himself.
Rajesh gets afraid  and hires gangsters to attack him.
He leaves.
Raju gets beat up by the hired gangsters  an Indian living in London.
Later rescued  also.
He saves Raju  and helps him as well.
He advises.
Raju to go as a family friend  and that he should get to know the entire family.
Rajesh takes Raju.
When Raju asks Rajesh to give him a good place to stay.
There he meets Sonia again and learns.
She is Robin s daughter.
They gradually fall.
Raju goes to Rajesh s bungalow but realizes.
The family are.
Therefore  Raju goes back.
He overhears Robin calling Rajesh and inviting him.
Raju gets.
He can also go.
Rajesh is horrified.
When he sees Raju come.
Raju stays.
Rajesh finds out.
He calls the police.
They take Raju.
Purshottam Mithal is sees him.
He has come back.
Raju tells him.
He knows Rajesh.
Purshottam renews Raju s visa and takes him back.
He thinks.
When Rajesh gets home.
He will have no problems.
But he is mistaken.
He sees Raju.
A few days later Rajesh has to go overseas.
Raju accompanies him.
The company is blaming Rajesh lately.
Rajesh is with.
Raju then explains.
It s their fault because their products are crap.
Rajesh tells Raju to be quiet.
The company urges Raju to go on.
The say to come and join their company.
He says.
He ca nt leave Rajesh.
Rajesh is very happy.
He gets drunk.
He calls Raju his son.
Raju has bought.
When Rajesh gets up.
Raju then goes up  only to witness her trying to make him jealous by flirting with another boy.
He realizes the boy is actually Shera  his good friend.
When he leaves to stop her.
She is flirting.
He explains his problem.
So Shera backs off and explains.
The two actually love each other.
If he needs any help  he would be there.
He also tells Raju.
Where Vicky always drug deals.
Raju catches Vicky.
He is talking about dealing drugs.
Raju shows Rajesh and Rinkie.
The truth and Rinkie is devastated.
Rajesh hits Vicky and Vicky shoots Rajesh.
Rajesh is taken.
Both have failed.
He needs a kidney.
Purshottam offers his.
He is diabetic.
He ca nt.
Smitha does.
Her blood group does nt match Rajesh s.
Smitha says.
Bunty will.
He denies.
He wants to be a pop singer.
She says.
Rinkie will.
She denies.
She wants to have babies when she is older.
The next morning Purshottam tells the doctor.
He has called all his relatives.
One at least will be able to give a kidney.
The doctor tells him not to worry.
Someone has already given one.
He asks who.
The doctor says.
The person has asked to keep him anonymous.
Rajesh confesses to the family.
Raju is his son.
Raju says.
He is lying.
Rajesh is confused.
He says.
To Raju did nt you want me to say this.
But Raju does.
Confess and everyone finds out that Raju was the one who gave a kidney.
Purshottam and Smitha are nt mad but in fact happy.
Raju is related.
They live happily ever.
<EOS>
Texas Ranger Dusty Rivers is sent during the 1880s in pursuit of outlaw Jacques Corbeau  arriving in the midst of the Riel Rebellion.
Dusty meets nurse April Logan and quickly falls with her.
However  she is already involved.
Dusty and April have become involved another.
Becomes evident.
Meanwhile  April s brother  Ronnie Logan   is.
Who also is a Mountie.
Louvette loves Ronnie intensely and is determined to protect Ronnie  using Ronnie s feelings for her father s benefit at times.
Corbeau is eventually tracked down.
Louvette tricks Ronnie  and ties him.
When the showdown finally arrives.
He had given her information vital.
Ronnie is unable to warn his fellow Mounties and Rivers.
They are riding.
The lawmen are ambushed and think.
Ronnie is a deserter.
Dusty Rivers helps to turn the tide.
Rivers tracks down Ronnie and convinces him to turn himself in  however he is killed in a case of mistaken identity.
Afterwards  Dusty Rivers is set to return  but first gives April and Jim his blessing.
<EOS>
The film relates the story  the evacuation of surrounded British and French troops from the beaches of Dunkirk.
It does so principally.
Corporal Tubby Binns  Lieutenant Lumpkin and their platoon return after blowing up a bridge  only to discover.
Their company has pulled out  leaving them alone in France.
One man and a truck have been left to wait.
He and Lumpkin are killed  leaving Tubby in charge with no idea.
What the situation is.
It is up to keep his increasingly demoralised men on the move.
Unsure.
Where to go  they dodge the advancing Germans and reach an Royal Artillery battery camp.
They receive some food.
Where the rest and tens of thousands of French soldiers are gathering.
Eventually  they get a lift and make it to the beaches.
Parallel is the story of Charles Foreman  a pessimistic journalist.
Who tries unsuccessfully to rouse his complacent readers before it is too late.
The British Admiralty commandeers all available civilian boats to aid the evacuation.
Foreman insists.
Others follow his example.
An acquaintance  Holden  a motor engineer and businessman.
He has made.
However   his lack melts away.
Time goes.
The men are subjected to regular aerial bombing and strafing.
Tubby and his men get aboard a ship  only to have it blown up and sunk.
It can depart.
Foreman s boat is destroyed by a bomber.
He survives and is picked up in the Heron.
One effects repairs.
When Herons motor seizes up.
Foreman and teenage crewman Frankie go ashore to survey the scene.
Foreman and Tubby discuss.
Who is responsible.
Foreman is fatally wounded in an attack by German aeroplanes.
However  Holden  Tubby and his men make it safely back.
<EOS>
A woman travels to an isolated cabin.
Where she finds herself stalked.
The dark spirit s haunting grows more obsessive.
Soon the woman begins to exhibit weirdly irrational behavior.
The thin line begins to unravel.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
A rock ballad plays.
Kala  a seemingly primitive cave-woman  and her older protector Pag are hunting.
Suddenly  they are attacked.
Yor appears suddenly and kills the dinosaur  drinking some of its blood immediately afterwards.
Yor is befriended.
Together they cut.
The choice meats to be feasted.
A band attack the village.
Yor is there.
Only Yor and Pag escape.
Yor immediately swears to get Kala back.
Yor and Pag track the blue cavemen.
Where Yor shoots a giant bat.
He uses the dead bat to storm the lair and starts flooding sections of the cave  the diversion helping his escape out the back with Kala.
The flood kills everyone  including the other kidnapped villagers as well as the blue cavemen.
Kala and Pag decide to follow Yor.
They find a mysterious society of sand mummies led by a blonde woman with an amulet similar to Yor s.
Yor proceeds to kill everyone  deciding.
She will be important.
Kala tries to kill the blonde woman.
They are both suddenly attacked.
Yor and Pag come but a caveman hits the blonde woman.
She dies.
Yor  Pag and Kala make friends after saving some children from a dinosaur.
This tribe is killed.
Yor and company use a boat to make their way.
There Yor discovers.
His parents were  revealing the ` twist  that Yor s world is actually Earth after a nuclear holocaust  the radiation from this war apparently having somehow resurrected dinosaurs.
An evil man called.
The Overlord has taken control.
Yor attacks the Overlord and his forces  defeating them from Pag and Kala.
Yor then flies off.
As the Overlord s facility is.
The narrator intones that   Yor returns.
The movie ends.
He is determined to use his superior knowledge to prevent them making the same mistakes.
Will he succeed.
<EOS>
Isabelle Huppert plays.
A housewife turned abortionist.
She becomes one to be guillotined in France.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Who was killed when she was visited as her companion.
The film then cuts  a retired military operative  discovers.
Who goes after being seriously wounded in battle and almost died.
He has the uncanny ability.
Worried  Romano s blind sister Isabel persuades him to return to Manila with the help of Louella  Romano s childhood friend.
Who harbors affection.
An aspiring actress  Kristina  a widow  Lumen  and her nephew  Eric hitch a ride along with Louella s driver  Baste.
The group manages to avoid a fatal accident on the road and their respective sundo or ghost companion by a twist of fate.
The group took their supper in a local eater somewhere in Baguio.
Lumen   went.
Who was eager to pee.
Where she died as a rail spike pins her head.
Soon  Eric died.
He was electricuted.
The group realized.
There is a way to cheat death as Baste and Romano nearly survives a large explosion.
Then the group starts to die.
Kristina  Baste and Isabel died.
Romano was confronted.
He fell towards the pool.
He rose up the pool and saw Louella grieving but.
She want to avenge her father s death.
Romano turns around and saw his dead body lying.
He was the ghost companion  the last one to die.
<EOS>
Three friends go.
The show inspires them to follow their dreams.
Then one day  they all meet a mysterious girl.
The four play together.
They see a star.
The boys each wish.
Daigo then asks the girl to do so as well.
Soon afterwards  the girl leaves never to be seen again.
About 30 years have passed.
Daigo  Asuka  and Gamu have given up their dreams and got regular jobs.
Daigo is a tour guide  Asuka is a ball boy.
Gamu is a curator.
Daigo   passes by Hayata s bike shop  Dan s Hawaiian restaurant  Go s auto shop  and Hokuto s bakery.
A weird phenomenon occurs  in the sky  an up-side down mirage of Tokyo destroyed appears.
Daigo suddenly has a vision.
However  he turns around to find an actual Ultraman standing along.
Daigo then has another vision of the Ultras being imprisoned by two kaiju  Alien Guts and Alien Nackle.
Much he sees Hayata  Dan  Go  and Hokuto.
Who plan to save Mebius.
Then  he sees the four become Ultraman  Ultraseven  Ultraman Jack  and Ultraman Ace.
But  he discovers.
He was only dreaming.
The next day  the mirage disappears and the whole city forgets the incident.
Later  Daigo tells Asuka and Gamu.
What he saw at Dan s restaurant much to their amusement.
He also tells Rena  Daigo s girlfriend and Hayata s daughter.
Daigo has another vision of Ultraman  Zoffy  Ultraseven  Ultraman Jack  Ultraman Ace  and Ultraman Taro fusing with Ultraman Mebius to destroy U-Killer Saurus ใป Neo.
Daigo meets Mirai Hibino  Ultraman Mebius.
Daigo finds himself back in the real world.
Daigo then meets.
They both had dreams.
Daigo begins to think there might a universe.
Where they are all Ultraman.
Both Gamu and Asuka laugh.
The three then reminisce they wished upon.
Daigo then sees the same girl.
Whom he  Asuka  and Gamu met years ago.
However  she disappears.
Daigo passes it.
The seven men take a walk together.
A mysterious cloaked being knocks out a person driving a truck and making it head right.
They do.
Hayata  Dan  Go  and Hokoto rescue the children and stop the truck.
The truck reaches them  however.
The mysterious being  however  laughs and vanishes.
Daigo begins to think again  but once again dismisses it.
They could be actually Ultramen.
A day later  Daigo begins showing a group around.
However   the group and the rest of the citizens disappear much to Daigo s confusion.
Then  King Gesura appears and attacks him.
Suddenly Mebius appears to save him.
Mebius gains the upper hand but gets injured in the process.
Daigo then remembers an episode by removing the fin on its head.
Daigo then tells Mebius to defeat him.
Mebius turns into back into Mirai and thanks Daigo for his help.
Daigo once again finds himself  but also sees.
Mirai is as well.
Daigo explains the situation.
They are.
He is an alternate universe.
He saw the red-shoes girl.
Who leaves him a message to go the universe and awaken the seven heroes to protect it from the incoming danger.
Daigo realizes.
Possibly Hayata  Dan  Go  and Hokuto are maybe the four.
Mirai approaches them.
They arrive.
They obviously do not know him in their dimension.
Daigo later explains.
Even though they are not the Ultra Brothers  they are still special people.
Mirai takes this once again.
However  a typhoon appears.
They finish talking.
It reveals another kaiju  King Pandon.
This shocks Daigo.
There not supposed to be any kaiju.
Mirai surmises.
Someone summoned Pandon.
Mirai then transforms and fights King Pandon.
The whole city falls.
The fight goes on.
Asuka and Ryo heads from the baseball stadium.
Gamu and Atsuko evacuate citizens.
Go s wife Aki  helps an elderly man amongst the chaos.
However  one blasts a building and sends debris to fall on the two of them.
Mebius then finally defeats Pandon.
The victory is short.
Lived as Mebius is trapped and is turned into a bronze statue by the kaiju  Super Ailen Hipporito.
Go and his daughter wait for Aki to awaken.
The debris fell.
Blaming himself.
What happen.
Daigo tries to ask the now bronze Mebius.
To summon the seven heroes.
He then sees the red-shoes girl.
She tells Daigo.
Ultraman will not exist.
Daigo then tries to convince Asuka and Gamu to remember their hopes and dreams to possibly become Ultraman  but.
The only person was Rena but even Daigo lost his hopes and dreams.
Who believed.
When he decided to stay much to her disappointment.
The next day  King Silvergon and King Goldras appear to destroy the city.
Tell their story on  Asuka lost an important baseball game.
This went.
They gave up their dreams.
When his team needed him and Gamu did not want to accept the responsibilities.
Meanwhile  Rena asks her boss to make one more broadcast.
She leaves the building.
The broadcast is approved.
Rena is allowed to say her piece.
Rena states.
They should not give up.
Else the monsters and aliens will destroy them and to believe.
It is too late.
All hears.
The broadcast and Daigo is thankful.
Super Alien Hipporit appears once again to finish the city off with King Silvergon and King Goldras.
Daigo is approached by Hayata  Dan  and Hakuto.
The three men remind Daigo a phrase   Ultraman will surely come.
He once told them.
Long we do nt give up.
Daigo has another flashback and then runs off.
Daigo has a final flashback.
The monsters begin their final attack.
Her wish was to be within everyone.
She then asks the young Daigo.
If the world were  he and his friends would become Ultraman and defend it.
The young Daigo agrees.
The older Daigo then realizes.
He the last.
Daigo becomes Ultraman Tiga.
The whole city begins to support Tiga.
He fights Silvergon and Goldras.
Tiga gains the upper hand to be captured in Hipporit s cylinder.
Asuka and Gamu then remember their own hopes and dreams.
Enable them to transform.
They free Tiga and defeat the last three monsters.
However  the mysterious cloaked being and many other similar looking beings use their magic to revive the souls.
The souls combine to form Giga Chimera.
The monster knocks  however  their friends and the city continuously cheer them on.
They rise up.
Soon  Hokuto  Hayata  Dan  and Go turn with the help of their wives.
Together  they free Ultraman Mebius.
The five then join Tiga  Dyna  and Gaia help fight Giga Chimera.
It flees into space.
The 8 Ultra brothers follow it and finish it off.
The cloaked beings once again rise.
The mysterious beings  called Kageboshi  fuse to become the Giant Kageboshi.
The Giant Kageboshi states.
He will make more powerful monsters and bring despair.
Tiga however replies back.
It s useless and that the light will always protect them.
The Ultra brothers combine their powers to use the Superior Myth Blaster and destroy the Giant Kageboshi.
Mirai returns to his own world  thanking his Ultra brothers of the alternate dimension.
Later on  back  the three men pursue their dream jobs.
Asuka becomes a great baseball player  Gamu fully embraces being a scientist.
Daigo finally becomes an astronaut also marrying Rena and having a child.
Gamu completes the ship.
Daigo wished.
All watch them off along with the rest of the city.
Atsuko and Ryo come along as well.
Hayata  Dan  Go  Hokuto and their wives follow Daigo s ship in their own smaller ships.
The ship prepares to leave.
They all head to Nebula M78 together.
<EOS>
Rana Mahendra Pratap Garewal is a wealthy businessman along.
They are good friends.
Who is initially very rich but loses all his wealth.
The Garewal brothers had initially proposed the marriage and Brijnath s younger brother Raja.
They break the marriage off.
Shocked and saddened by his best friends  Birju goes mad and gets electrocuted by accident.
Raja then stays with his brother taking care of him by doing petty jobs.
Madhu meets Raja and falls in love.
Their love deepens.
Raja reveals that he is the same childhood Raja.
Rana and Vishwa soon find out and are determined to keep Madhu away.
They continually humiliate and insult Raja  beating him up and forcing him to walk to prove his love.
One day Madhu runs away.
Eventually  Rana pretends to give in and accept Raja.
Rana invites Birju to stay.
When Raja leaves the city.
They have one dress up like Birju and break into Madhu s room at night and pretend to attempt to rape her.
He is there.
Madhu duly screams.
Birju is trying to rape her.
The assistant quickly escapes  the room is only dimly lit.
Madhu can see his face.
Rana and Vishwa call a mental hospital and force Birju as a prisoner in all but name.
Raja is now forced to choose.
He chooses to believe his brother s protestations and breaks up with Madhu.
However  he still deeply loves her.
It is now up to dig for the truth and figure out.
What happened on that fateful night.
Raja gets a hold of the assistant.
Who dressed up and extract a confession from him.
He has an accident and is critically injured.
Birju goes asking her to save him.
She insults him.
Rana s wife tells the truth.
Madhu is so shocked to hear.
Her own brothers set up her rape that she leaves them and is.
Rana realises his mistake and begs forgiveness.
Vishwa does nt accept and starts beating Madhu and Rana.
Raja comes and saves everyone.
He marries Madhu.
Rana and Vishwa come to Raja s house and beg the trio for forgiveness.
They forgive the brothers.
They bless the marriage.
<EOS>
Faced  Osbourne Cox quits his job as a CIA analyst and resolves to write a memoir about his life and career.
She sees it to file for divorce and continue her extramarital affair unimpeded.
When his pediatrician wife Katie finds out.
Taking her lawyer s advice  she copies financial records and several other files onto a CD.
It falls.
When the CD gets left by a careless law firm employee.
Who mistake the numerical data and the cryptic first draft of Osbourne s memoir to be highly sensitive government information.
Chad and Linda plan to give the disc back to him for a reward  with Linda planning to use the money to pay for cosmetic surgery.
But  Chad and Linda turn over the disc  offering more information in return for monetary compensation.
When a phone call and subsequent in-person meeting goes horribly wrong.
Linda persuades Chad to sneak into the Cox home to get more files from their computer.
Meanwhile  Osbourne s increasingly erratic behavior - aggravated by his encounters with Chad and Linda - prompt Katie to move ahead with the divorce proceedings.
She changes the locks  forcing Osbourne to move onto the sailboat.
They have docked.
Katie invites her lover  Harry Pfarrer to move in.
A womanizing Treasury Department employee and U.
S.
Marshal  Pfarrer is coincidentally also secretly seeing Linda.
- actually Chad - Harry panics and shoots.
When he finds a strange man hiding.
Him point blank.
Seeing  Harry believes.
Chad has no identification or labels.
He has just killed a spy and quickly disposes by dumping it in the bay.
An official named.
Palmer and his director learn that information has been given to the Russian Embassy.
They are perplexed and decide to maintain observation.
The situation makes sense.
Harry  increasingly anxious.
He believes was a government spy.
He spots a man.
Who has been trailing him.
Harry finds out.
The man is a process server tasked.
Harry is devastated and goes to see an agitated Linda   he agrees to try to help find him.
Who confides that her friend Chad is missing.
The next morning  Harry and Linda meet.
She provides him.
He flees  assuming.
When Harry realizes that Chad is the man he killed.
Linda is also a spy.
Linda then turns.
Who has unrequited feelings.
Believing  he agrees to go to search Osbourne s computer.
The Russians have kidnapped Chad.
Unemployed and having spent the past several days living  Osbourne becomes  decides to break into the house to get some of his personal belongings.
Unhinged when he finds out that his wife has emptied his bank accounts  and  no longer having keys.
Finding Ted  Osbourne initially takes him to be Katie s lover.
He soon realizes Ted s affiliation and the rest of the league of morons  and fires a gunshot at him.
He feels he has been struggling.
Ted manages to get out  only to be fatally attacked by a hatchet-wielding Osbourne.
Palmer and his director try to understand.
What exactly happened.
It is revealed.
The CIA are holding Linda.
Who is promising to keep quiet if they will pay for her cosmetic surgery.
A CIA agent shot Osbourne on Ted.
The bullet has put Osbourne.
The director instructs Palmer to let Harry fly  mistakenly saying.
The US has no extradition treaty  decides the CIA will pay for Linda s surgery and postpones considering Osbourne s situation until he regains consciousness  which is not likely.
The director tells Palmer.
They did not really learn anything.
<EOS>
Nora Cotterelle  a woman is caring for her ill father  Louis Jenssens.
She is twice divorced and has a son  Elias.
Nora tries to present a facade that all is well.
Whose father is dead.
Nora s present relationship is not going well.
She is soon to marry a businessman.
Elias is becoming increasingly withdrawn.
A parallel storyline follows her former lover and second husband  Ismael Vuillard  a musician.
Whom she had lived.
He is given.
He has been committed to a mental hospital.
Which he is planning to escape.
Nora learns.
Her father s digestive problems are actually cancer.
Facing her father s death  Nora desperately seeks to ask  but he has mixed feelings about adopting her son.
He reconnect.
Moreover  he has met Arielle  another patient.
<EOS>
Charlie  a unicorn  is resting peacefully.
He is awakened.
One unicorn is pink and the other blue.
Both speak.
The other two unicorns inform him.
Charlie awakes.
They have found a map  and that he must come with them on their journey.
Charlie initially refuses  and goes back to sleep.
The blue unicorn begins to bounce  insistent.
He should come.
Both begin to pester him  causing him to begrudgingly give in to their demands.
The trio begin their journey.
Where the two lead Charlie.
Who supposedly guides them with a simple roar.
The trio then crosses a bridge  much.
The letter Y sings a song  to the tune of the Clarinet Polka  imploring Charlie to go into the cave.
When Charlie finally gets.
Charlie reluctantly goes.
When the letters explode.
The other unicorns say goodbye.
Charlie is locked inside and knocked out.
He realizes.
When he awakes.
They have taken one  followed by the end and credits.
<EOS>
This story is.
The boy finds out.
He has to get an operation.
This is brings the family closer.
They are.
<EOS>
Va Vu Chidambaram Pillai  a lawyer is also an owner of a salt factory.
He participates and joins in burning all the foreign goods  frequently assisted by Madaswami.
Who idolizes him.
His son wears.
He burns a new silk shirt.
Was brought.
He notices.
There is no Indian ship to go abroad.
So he mobilises fund to buy two ships operating.
But the British India Steam Navigation Company wage a price war.
BISN offer the tickets.
Swadeshi company offer the ticket for 8 annas.
The British company go further.
Unable to bear the monopolistic trade practices  Chidambaram s Swadeshi Steam Navigation Company becomes bankrupt.
He is arrested.
He is sentenced at jail.
The city goes insane.
Madaswami however finishes half his job  by hiring assassins to kill the local district collector Ash.
Chidambaram s imprisonment is reduced to 6 years.
He gets released.
However he is disappointed.
His country did not get independence.
His brother refuses to believe.
Chidambaram is back.
Years later  he dies.
<EOS>
Vijay is the good-for-nothing son.
Who becomes bored  with the intention of getting him settled in life.
So Vijay walks out and decides to leave for Bombay and start life afresh in the big city.
He does nt have enough money to get himself a ticket.
Now disguised  Vijay is used as a mule for a diamond smuggler without his knowledge.
Vijay also meets Rajnidevi and falls in love with her.
The rest follows Vijay s exploits  romances Rajnidevi while avoiding her auntie-ji  and reunites with his father.
He avoids capture.
The film is based You re Never Too Young.
Some Hilarious scenes  Vijay - prompted for MASKA.
Dinner  called by his father to Board of Directors.
Would be Father comes to see Vijay as a bridegroom for her daughter.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Who have been his childhood friends.
Krishna is back after a long time.
Ramesh runs a small liquor business.
He s not satisfied.
The money he earns is able to fulfill his basic needs to eat and survive.
He says.
Life is not easy as he had thought.
Krishna says and suggests Ramesh to send his liquor to sell for more profit.
Although there is money  there is also hard work.
Ramesh tells Krishna.
He s going along to meet Amo.
They stop at a cave for the night.
A strange hermit appears shortly.
Krishna hands him the blanket.
He s brought and asks to come near fire.
The hermit hands him a monkey s paw.
He claims to be magical.
The hermit explains but can bring a great disaster.
The paw can fulfill the owner s wish.
Anyone other uses it.
They finish their business.
They see come.
Returning. 
Where they meet Pema and drink.
Krishna flirts.
He also talks and.
He s got a photo with whom his parents are talking for his marriage.
Pema tells them.
The girl is Tara and that she knows her and that someone else also wants to marry her.
He frowns.
When Ramesh sees her photo.
He is the guy who wants to marry her.
He is distressed and does nt talk much.
That night  they do not move ahead.
Ramesh wakes up  takes the paw from Krishna and makes a wish to get Tara.
Ramesh does nt talk much.
Getting back.
Sometime later   he loses his balance.
Krishna takes the monkey s paw.
The mules tremble when they see it.
He falls off the hill.
The story then moves nine years later.
Ramesh is married now and has got a son Bardaan.
Their business has grown up.
One day  Ramesh is offered a contract.
He demands 5000 bottles.
He assures Rs.
.
Tara insists to hire two three guys.
He tells her.
He s going to buy an apple crusher.
Ramesh brings machine  teaches Tara to use it and crushes apples and is able to make some 500 bottles in two and a half months.
One day  Tara tells Ramesh.
They are ready to sleep.
There is some friend to see Ramesh.
Ramesh is surprised to see Krishna.
Krishna tells him.
He survived.
Krishna asks Tara to get a cigarette and a lighter.
She is scared to find a monkey s paw.
When she takes the cigarette out.
Ramesh is amazed to see the paw still.
He explains.
The paw had power to fulfill one s wish.
Meanwhile  Tara s watch stops running.
That night  Ramesh remembers everything again.
The next day  they are amazed to see Krishna.
The main door is locked.
She finds the paw and keeps it with her.
Sweeping the floor.
That night  there is a big storm and heavy rainfall.
Causes all the apples to fall down before ripening.
So  he worries.
He wo nt be able to make the remaining liquors.
He asks him one month time.
When the trader comes back.
The trader gives him only two weeks and tells him.
He d have to return the money if he ca nt make it.
Seeing the deteriorating situation  Tara makes a wish to solve the problem.
The next day  their son Bardaan is run over and dies.
Both Ramesh and Tara are very much saddened.
They get.
Ramesh is able to give the trader all the money.
He owes.
One day   Tara tells Ramesh.
Gong. 
The paw works as she d wished to solve the problem.
She cries and demands her son back.
Ramesh fights to use the paw again.
She makes a wish to return their son.
Suddenly  there is a tap.
But Ramesh struggles to get the paw and wishes.
They do nt want their son back.
There is no one.
When Tara opens the door.
Ramesh throws the paw outside.
Is picked up.
He disappears.
The mysterious girl now walks somewhere as.
Her mission has been accomplished.
<EOS>
Fire wardens Josephine Jody Norris and Lord Desham keep a lonely vigil.
They become better acquainted.
When Jody saves Desham s life.
The aging spinster tells the story of her life  leading to a flashback.
Jody is the belle.
Both Alex Piersen and traveling salesman Mac Tilton propose.
However  she turns them both down.
A disappointed Alex marries Corinne.
He and Jody quickly fall.
When handsome US Army Air Service fighter pilot Captain Bart Cosgrove flies in to promote a World War I bond drive.
They have only one night together.
A pregnant Jody is advised.
Her life is.
She needs an operation.
She agrees.
She would lose her unborn child.
However   she changes her mind.
When she learns that Bart has been killed.
She secretly gives birth.
She tries to arrange it.
That she can adopt the boy by having him left on the doorstep of a family with too many children already.
The scheme backfires.
Corrine loses her own newborn that same day  but is consoled.
Jody has to love her son  named Gregory or Gregsy.
Her father dies  forcing her to sell the family drug store.
Corrine turns her down  she has suspected all along.
When Jody asks to become Gregsy s nurse.
Jody is the boy s real mother.
Knowing  Corrine is determined to keep the one person.
Her husband never loved her.
Who does.
Jody moves to work for Mac.
She discovers.
He is a bootlegger  using a cosmetics business.
The same day  the place is raided  leaving Mac with nothing but the cosmetics equipment.
Jody persuades him to make cold cream   she builds up a thriving business.
They become rich.
She forces Corrine to give her Gregsy by threatening to block a desperately needed bank loan for Alex s failing business.
However  the four-year-old is still so miserably homesick  Jody gives up and sends the boy back.
Heartbroken  Jody leaves the US to immerse herself  setting up and running the English branch of her Lady Vyvyan Cosmetics Company.
Her son becomes a pilot in the 8th Air Force.
Jody meets his train and fusses over him.
When he gets a leave.
He only knows her.
Lord Desham   uses his influence to arrange to marry his WREN fiancee without the customary delay.
Who is attracted.
Lieutenant Pierson finally realizes.
Jody has been so helpful and asks his mother.
<EOS>
Inmates and guards alike become trapped.
When they fall prey.
Their only chance for survival is to uncover the ancient mystery.
Holds the power.
<EOS>
Swarm and Destroy opens at the Moped BBQ 6 rally  asking.
They began riding.
These riders   describe their draw to the organization and the development of moped culture  recounting their favorite anecdotes of themselves and fellow moped riders.
The stories are widely varied.
They tell.
Who was injured  to stories of vigilante justice.
Happened while riding.
The documentary   continues with an overview of the Moped BBQ event itself and the race at the BBQ  with footage shot around Kalamazoo at various race checkpoints.
The film ends about growth of moped riding as a movement and the future of the Moped Army.
<EOS>
Ajit Thomas is an acclaimed investigative television anchor and producer  and is the son of a former footballer.
Who grew up.
His team includes news assistant Smita  and anchors Aruna and Sheela.
Ajit is a lovable guy.
Who lives.
The guy is hostile.
When he tries to introduce himself.
Ajit s investigative nature comes.
He goes.
The guy was Hari.
Who had married an orphan Krishnapriya and brought her to Kolkata  before his brutal murder.
Krishnapriya is unaware or.
What he does and is shattered to know about his death.
However   Krishnapriya had come to known.
Before Hari is killed.
Hari had only married her.
Krishnapriya is both relieved.
She is safe she almost fell into  as well as desperate and sad because Hari had been the only person she knew or could go to.
She could nt return home and had nowhere to go.
She attempts suicide but fails.
Hope floats.
Ajit sort of becomes her protector and also gets attracted for her innocence and their mutual love for music.
Krishnapriya moves in but can not forget her past.
She decides to approach him to know the exact cause.
When she comes.
The psychic communicates come to know of.
Who killed Hari.
Ajit becomes concerned.
She exhibits sometimes.
He takes the help.
She begins to live a normal life teaching music.
The henchmen are meanwhile on the hunt for her.
They had already paid Hari.
The one-armed bearded guy also wants to settle a score.
Who operates.
It was to get her that Hari had cut off his arm.
They trace her to the music school and kidnap her.
Ajit tries to get the help.
They refuse to register a complaint.
He is forced to go all alone.
The women are facing.
When he enters the red-light area Ajit is shocked.
He begins to record.
What he sees.
The goons there find him inside and beat him up severely.
He is now trapped deep to kill him.
His cell phone falls out of his hand and is found by a little girl.
The child is fascinated and follows Ajit everywhere recording.
Whatever happens.
The entire fight has been recorded.
When she returns the phone.
Ajit transmits it.
Airs it live along.
Police battalions arrive and free everyone.
<EOS>
Lamont Cranston   has developed a friendly feud.
Amateur criminologist and detective   sponsored by the Daily Classic newspaper.
Sometimes passes the friendly stage.
He complains.
Have developed since Phoebe Lane has been hired as his assistant.
He is advised to forget it.
She is the publisher s niece.
Who has served his time.
She is so insistent.
He adds it.
He learns.
She got the information.
Cranston goes but  across town  a safe is blown at the home of international banker Gerald Morton.
Where Weston and his men have gathered and   nothing happens.
The banker is killed.
Cranston arrives there ahead and discovers enough evidence to show him.
It was nt just a simple robbery.
The irate Weston has him jailed.
Phoebe comes.
Him to make his broadcast.
Honest John crashes.
Cranston exonerates him that he committed the robbery.
Weston rushes.
Honest John has escaped.
Cranston takes Phoebe.
She will spot the man who gave her the robbery message.
She does.
Cranston poses and learns.
His companion is Starkov.
Flotow recognizes Phoebe and invites them.
The bar closes.
They leave together.
Cranston knows and makes excuses to allow Phoebe and himself to depart.
It is a trap.
However  they make a date.
The next day Cranston and his editor concoct an apology to appease Commissioner Weston.
Cranston breaks.
Flotow and Starkov are waiting to join them for lunch.
Where he meets Phoebe who also has had the same idea.
Cranston answers.
Flotow s phone and Morton s butler says there is a meeting that afternoon.
The call is cut short and as they wait.
Moe  Cranston s driver  rescues them.
Is really a cigarette case.
The ruse allows the three to escape.
Morton s butler calls back.
They leave.
Flotow knows.
He is suspected.
Back  Cranston gets valuable information from the paper s financial editor about Morton s business dealings.
Editor Heath is appeasing Weston with Cranston s apology.
Cranston sends down his evening edition column intended but will also infuriate Weston.
He is forced at gun point by Honest John.
He leaves the paper s offices to act.
Cranston gets the upper hand.
He attempts to verbally appease Honest John.
Cranston reveals the fake gun.
John confesses that he really only came back to get a fresh start.
They laugh the kidnapping off.
Commissioner Heath is angered and sends a man to arrest Cranston for withholding information from the police.
The policeman gets a tip.
Flotow and Sparkov arrive and are admitted by the duplicitous butler.
They surprise Morton s brother and force him to open the safe.
They force him to write a suicide note and give him a gun.
They explain their motive.
Cranston and Honest John enter and interrupt the killing.
John covers the pair.
Cranston goes to let the police in.
The butler tries to sneak out the front door.
Matthews explains he is there to arrest Cranston.
Seeing this  Cranston throws a potted plant to stop the butler but hits Commissioner Weston.
Who just opens the door.
The film closes.
Pleases both Weston and Heath.
Phoebe is given the microphone but is too flustered to speak.
Cranston closes.
Crime does not pay.
<EOS>
Siska  a young woman  was heartbroken.
Her fiance broke off their engagement.
Unwilling to see his sister depressed  her brother Johnny introduced her Leo.
Who is known.
Leo manages to make Siska happy.
However  unknown was only interested in her as part of a bet.
Siska runs away from Leo and is found by night club pianist Helmi.
Helmi blackmails Siska.
Her father is having an affair.
Eventually becoming unable to stand Helmi s actions  Siska returns.
<EOS>
Slade  a serial killer  is a lodger.
So is a singer  Kitty Langley.
Who definitely has caught Slade s eye.
Women are being killed  brutally.
Scotland Yard is investigating.
A detective  John Warwick  begins to cast his suspicions.
Warwick  meanwhile  has also developed an attraction.
Slade goes to see her perform.
He goes backstage afterward and tries to make her his next victim.
Warwick s men get there just.
Unwilling to be taken  Slade flees to the riverbank and leaps to his death.
<EOS>
The story starts  with a few days left to prepare the soundtrack of a movie in production.
He calls the bank to request a delay  being transferred from one office to another.
He found the inspiration.
When he hears the hold music.
He needed.
However  he can only hear it.
Paula is a 9 months pregnant woman.
Who was left shortly after being pregnant.
Her mother  deceived into thinking  arrives from Spain.
She is still.
Order to meet him and be.
Ezequiel meets Paula and  after talking about the debt  requests to hear her hold music  but found another one.
They are randomly reassigned each day.
They later make a deal  he would pretend to be Santiago.
She would help him to locate the music.
He finally ca nt hear again the desired music.
Founds instead inspiration  and compose the music.
They would become a couple.
<EOS>
Sandy is putting up Christmas lights.
SpongeBob   mistakes it  and rushes inside  throwing water onto it.
Who is and preparing to attack her.
Sandy asks him.
What he was doing.
SpongeBob replies.
He believed there was a fire.
Sandy is shocked.
SpongeBob has never heard  and tells him all about it.
Later   SpongeBob tells his friends about Christmas.
Everyone believes him.
Everyone   puts their Christmas wishes into bottles.
Are then shot up so Santa can read it.
The people of Bikini Bottom heartily celebrate  and on Christmas Eve  stand in front of the large decorated coral tree and sing  eagerly awaiting the arrival of Santa.
Meanwhile  Squidward  refusing to believe  is wanting no part of it.
The people continue to sing.
When Santa has failed to arrive.
Everyone leaves and SpongeBob becomes very depressed.
Squidward appears  laughing and scoffing  and takes a photo of the heartbroken SpongeBob.
He gives Squidward a present.
He sulks away.
Squidward  now feeling sorry  opens it  and finds a handmade driftwood clarinet.
He now realizes.
He is a big jerk  dresses up much to the delight of SpongeBob.
SpongeBob thanks Santa tells him.
He did.
SpongeBob passes out.
Gary carries him home.
Squidward prepares to take the costume off  but is confronted  asking him for a present.
SpongeBob suddenly appears  assuring her.
He will.
Squidward gives the child a wrench from his house.
He then sees.
A crowd owns.
Afterwards  Squidward finds a message  thanking him for his help and telling him.
He s been a good boy.
He then sees the real Santa Claus riding away.
The dumbfounded Squidward says Yep.
I m insane.
And goes back inside  playing his new clarinet.
<EOS>
The film is.
About two young people  who battle the odds  live through the tough times with a smile and who take a vow to never part until death.
Telegraphindia.
Com  Story.
Plays Rahul Ray  a rich Hindu boy and management student.
Who falls.
Telegraphindia.
Com  Summer love.
<EOS>
He insists his brother Kush to find him a bride.
When Luv has a bad breakup.
Kush travels all to find a bride  ฦฐho is suitable for his brother.
However  he and his friends are initially unsuccessful.
Then Kush finds Dimple  a girl.
He d met before.
Who is very flamboyant and outgoing.
Kush decides.
Dimple is the perfect bride.
Dimple and Luv agree to the marriage.
However  Kush and Dimple realize.
They have fallen with each other.
They come up to get married  but fail in every attempt.
Dimple then calls Luv s ex-girlfriend  Piyali and makes.
Her believe that Luv is still.
Luv then realizes.
He does truly love Piyali and the two elope.
They figure.
When Dimple s father Dilip Dixit and Kush s father Colonel find this out.
The only way to protect their respect and pride is to agree Kush and Dimple to get married.
But  their fathers start fighting.
Dimple and Kush are talking.
They bring up   they will get married.
Dimple and Kush s plan has been successful.
Luv and Piyali can be accepted back.
The condition is accepted.
Kush and Dimple tell Luv the whole story.
He accepts it quite happily.
<EOS>
The story follows four friends  Vicky  Karan  Somil and Dikku.
The four discover.
Several college students who want to fight physically  however refuse due to police arrestion.
Therefore  the four friends create a fight club.
Where people will be allowed to fight physically.
When Mohit enters the club.
However  his plan backfires.
Vicky beats him badly.
Mohit brings his friend Dinesh with him to fight club  and ends up being jumped once again by the whole gang.
Dinesh suddenly stabs Mohit and murders him unknowingly.
About this time  Vicky s college enemy Sameer joins fight club but turns out to be his friend and joins their gang.
The club is raided.
When the police finds out.
Vicky and his friends shut the club down.
Soon enough  Dinesh s brother Sandy finds out.
Mohit has been murdered.
Sandy tells Mohit s older brother  Anna.
Anna is a ex-underworld don.
He turns into a gangster again.
Also  Dinesh puts the blame.
Firstly  Anna gets Sandy.
Then  the aim is  however.
He is.
Therefore  Anna kidnaps Sameer  Karan  Somil and Dikku.
Vicky arrives and attacks Anna.
He kills them.
A huge brawl breaks out.
Somil reveals.
Dinesh and Sandy had actually murdered Mohit.
Anna realizes the truth  and stabs Dinesh he stabbed Mohit with.
He leaves Sandy to be tortured all his life.
He has lost his brother.
Anna joins hands with Vicky s gang.
They create a new club away and dedicate it to Somil s late uncle Suhas.
<EOS>
Subway Stories  structured similarly.
I Love You.
Strung almost seamlessly together.
The Red Shoes Directed  written by John Guare Starring Christine Lahti  Denis Leary  Kevin Corrigan  and NBushe Wright  this segment portrays an altercation between an angry homeless man in a wheelchair and the business woman.
Who he manages to enrage.
Things take an unexpected turn.
Another woman becomes involved.
It becomes clear.
The subway-car-bound court can as easily convict as free you.
Fern s Heart  written by Angela Todd Starring Bonnie Hunt as the titular Fern  and with a non-speaking appearance by Mekhi Phifer  this short follows the conservatively dressed Fern  a visitor to the city.
Who is attempting to take the subway  rather than a cab.
Falling victim about big city people   Fern refuses to ask for or accept help from anyone  and finds.
Whether or not they appear different.
Herself lost and locked underground overnight.
Underground Directed  written by Albert Innaurato Starring Mercedes Ruehl as a sensual older woman with unusual appetites  this short asks and answers the question.
What does a young man dumped and beat up by her.
His friends need to soothe his bruised face and ego.
One finds the subway to be an underground Carnegie Hall.
Whether the music is born by experiencing the death of a parent in public  or produced by the heart-rending lament of a Hasidic man s unexpected emotional outpouring.
Manhattan Miracle Directed  written by Joe Viola Gregory Hines  world renowned dancer  stars here as a compelling and expressive observer.
Who can not ignore a woman on the other platform.
He watches with growing concern and fear.
A distressed pregnant woman across decides whether to commit suicide by jumping onto the tracks.
His act  reveals in part.
This short is a worthy capstone.
<EOS>
Bhavna is a story.
A lady met.
Who was living all alone.
A man named Ajay Kapoor  sketching.
They became friends and later turned into love.
Eventually they got married  however  Kapor s dad had not granted permission.
Ajay went to see his dad.
Who was residing.
Ajay never came back.
Bhavna went and was astonished to see.
Ajay married another women.
Dejected Bhanva came back and started a new job.
But this was not the end.
<EOS>
Harry Moseby is a retired professional football player working.
He is dedicated  but his dedication does not make him happy or powerful in his personal life.
His wife Ellen is unfaithful.
Aging actress Arlene Iverson hires Harry to find her trust-funded daughter Delly Grastner  distracting Harry.
He tracks the lascivious runaway teen.
Harry has an affair of his own with Paula  and succeeds in locating Delly.
As he learns that finding her is only the beginning.
Harry discovers.
The accidental deaths multiply.
Everyone has his or her own motives and that he can not do much to stem the tide depravity.
The most quoted line occurs  I saw a Rohmer film once.
When Moseby declines an invitation.
It was kinda.
<EOS>
A story.
Who team up to start a mobile soul disco mobile with attitude things.
How was I supposed to know.
We were a 60s disco.
Then getting their first proper gig  no not a posh house party.
A wedding reception  Ritchie retorts KIRBY.
Ritchie then introduces john.
Who sold the van after a quick drink.
A French revolution.
He will fix it free Then offers them a bit of work moving some gear from his lock up.
The following night s he doing.
Ritchie and John arrive.
Keck s appears off parcels will lock up the van but sneakily hides a parcel in the freezer compartment.
They load and take to Keck s flat when they arrive Keck s tells the lads to go on he.
S flat.
When the parcels are safely.
He gives the lads # 20 and says errr and if anything else goes wrong.
Ritchie and John head.
Commenting the bartender notes and then your right.
One minute your down and then your up again as they order their beer.
Down again as he shows the # 20 note.
They hurry back and arrive  not they force.
As he is trying to leave on.
Keck s to tell the what s going on.
He tells them but he s hidden the plates and was going to ring the lads.
He has stole some printing plates and is about to skip the country with his little bundle.
When he was abroad to ask if the would deliver them.
But the bloke wo nt be there.
We have to hang about and listen Ritchie points out Keck s replies you re a mobile disco stay mobile after being offered # 1000 for delivery and another # 1000 on arrival they worryingly agree they say not a chance and leave.
When Keck s asks to the airport.
It is not.
They leave they pass a couple who comment about the weather.
They get down the stairs they realise they spoke so they jump in the van and head off coast to coast.
<EOS>
A group.
Who used to be called ` legends.
The reality show will award the winner.
A prize won.
<EOS>
A young American computer engineer acquires a mobile phone.
Receives strange text messages.
First crashed soon.
They encourage him to miss his flight which he then learns.
Then the messages direct him to buy a certain stock.
He then learns increases.
Next  he is directed to gamble.
He first wins one-hundred thousand Euro and then bets the entire amount on a hand of blackjack.
He wins.
Both bets are made he receives on his new phone.
Max then has an altercation in the hotel corridor.
His mysterious phone is apparently scanned.
Max wakes up  smiling above him.
He immediately asks her out.
To further his new-found career  Max enlists the aid of a Russian cabbie/apparent e-gadget enthusiast  Yuri.
Who outfits him to wirelessly receive his anonymous and lucrative text messages.
His lucky streak continues.
When he hits the 3 million Euro jackpot but is forced to run away when casino security led by John Reed attempts to detain him.
This chase is ended.
Who handcuffs Max and interrogates him.
Max is frightened  but unable to provide any information.
Agent Grant contacts Raymond Burke of the NSA.
Who is apparently monitoring Max because he is receiving messages.
These messages have been responsible.
Burke recently lost a battle to pass a bill.
Would allow Echelon to be upgraded.
Burke eventually decides.
Max knows too much and must be eliminated  however  Reed and the beautiful woman - now revealed as Reed s associate - come to Max s aid and spirit him away to Moscow.
There Max re-connects and tries to get his help in discovering.
Who is sending the messages.
Yuri believes.
The messages are coming directly  and that the system has achieved some kind of autonomous.
Max and Reed object.
They are forced to flee.
When more armed men arrive.
A Moscow car chase ensues.
The chase ends.
Happen to be led.
Grant escapes injury.
Max seizes the moment to inflict some payback.
Grant asks Max to help him stop Echelon.
He has now also begun to receive threatening texts.
Max then receives another text  instructing him to return.
Where he first worked.
Max  Grant and Reed all fly home.
Arriving  the group finds a sealed-up  bunker-like structure with a cache of servers and a high-end computer system.
Max helped install years earlier.
The property is revealed to belong.
Whose credit card was used to send Max the phone.
Max starts up the bunker s computer and is instructed to fire up the servers and connect them to the network.
Echelon then begins downloading itself and begins a countdown to replicate itself across the world wide computer network.
Agent Grant calls Burke to inform him.
Burke is content to let the Echelon replicate itself worldwide.
Grant and Reed break ranks at this point.
Burke sends back other FBI agents to detain them.
Meanwhile  Max is failing to stop Echelon s replication countdown.
He takes an idea.
Max asks the computer.
What its primary purpose is.
It replies to defend the US.
Defined. 
Max then asks the computer to search to the US Constitution.
It comes back.
Is characterized to personal freedoms.
When the download is complete.
It is itself the threat.
The film ends.
Burke is subpoenaed to appear.
The final cryptic scene is back.
Where the techie Yuri is unveiled in the Russian Security Service.
He is commended for his actions.
Yuri replies.
They have helped the Americans to make the right decision  I would like to believe  he adds cryptically  and.
That moment turns off his mobile phone.
<EOS>
The film opens.
We see a black car speeding towards the screen  it stops.
The camera circles to show the route has been cut off.
The silhouetted man takes off his dog tag and looks at a black gun lying in the passenger seat beside him.
The screen fades.
The movie opens with NSA Special Agent Darris Cain in an elevator  have we got an inmate down there by the name of Dean Ellis.
Is going as radio chatter says  we think it s starting again.
Cain is there to interrogate the reluctant and taunting witness.
Evidence gathered shows Ellis meeting with an elusive fugitive.
Whom Cain has been tracking.
The only lead is Ellis and a notebook.
Was. 
Cain tries to extract information  only to be stymied by Ellis s laugh and taunts.
Ellis prods Cain to think.
What is happening.
This event is happening over and over.
Soon  Cain realizes and leaves to coordinate an attempt to capture the fugitive.
Prey Alone is actually a phone number.
The phone number is tracked.
Forces are mobilized.
A watch start counting down from 1000 minutes.
The fugitive sets off an explosive.
A SWAT team is about to break.
Was placed by the SWAT team.
All is killed or rendered harmless.
The fugitive escapes the room and shoots the last one in the back of the head.
A second SWAT team stands.
They see the floor numbers counting down and ready their automatic weapons.
The elevator opens.
Nobody seems to be inside.
The team enters the elevator and peers  only to see a hole in the roof and a grenade coming down that hole.
The grenade explodes and the team is incapacitated.
The rest attempts to seal the building.
The fugitive escapes.
He sets off.
He shoots one police car and disables it.
Blocks the highway.
Then  the fugitive shoots and kills the pilots.
Some military personnel urge Cain to back off.
Are present.
He declines and orders a technician to call up a nearby Andrews Air Force Base and tell them to send to chase the car.
Cain reenters the interrogation room.
Where Ellis is still being held.
Ellis laughs  and gets punched in the mouth.
Cain tries to get Ellis to tell him.
Where the fugitive is running.
Ellis indicates.
The fugitive is not running.
Again  Ellis prods Cain to think.
Cain finally realizes.
This is a recurring event.
He connects the pain.
He just delivered.
Cain realizes.
He knows where the fugitive is going because it is all happening again.
The fugitive is heading.
Cain tries to get the aircraft to pull out  but it is too late.
They disappear off the radar screen.
Cain pulls up a map to seal off certain tunnels.
The aircraft have entered.
Is the reason why they disappeared off the radar screen.
One is hit and is forced to fly off the main tunnel and into another one.
It eventually crashes.
The second airplane is able to arm and lock a missile.
The fugitive attempts evasive maneuvers and is successful.
The missile continues flying and tries to reacquire a target.
It does so.
It targets the second jet.
The jet is hit and destroyed.
The fugitive begins to exit the tunnel  but stops.
When he sees a police force blocking his way.
It becomes clear.
The fugitive was the silhouetted man  and is once again trapped in the tunnel.
Cain shows up.
They tell the fugitive to surrender.
The fugitive speeds but stops.
When they open fire.
Cain and the officers walk over only to find dog tags.
Say Player One.
Is a traffic marker End of Level One.
Says. 
Cain looks.
Cain realizes.
The seconds count down.
This is all a game.
The words Game Over flash momentarily on the screen.
Once again we see Cain.
The voices say we think it s starting again.
The movie ends.
Cain walks.
<EOS>
Wanda   abandons her family and seeks solace in the company of a petty criminal.
<EOS>
Jemmima Honey  a teacher  needs to raise funds.
To do and love interest Michael Bartle to ride naked.
She accepts the challenge.
<EOS>
A man throws away.
An old television set  but after he walks away the TV turns on and releases a multicolored cloud of pixels.
The cloud floats  then breaks off and becomes tremendous versions of classic 8-bit video games.
All start destroying the city.
It becomes pixelated too.
Whenever something is hit or affected by the pixel creatures.
Aliens attack cars.
Are turned.
Pac-Man is shown traveling down a subway map.
Where all the stations look from the game.
We see.
He eats each one.
The real station disappear.
Next  giant Tetris blocks fall  stacking onto geometric buildings.
It disappears.
When one floor is completed.
A swarm play against the bricks of the Brooklyn Bridge  slowly destroying it.
Is Donkey Kong.
Who launches huge barrels.
Frogger is seen crossing a busy New York highway  he is the only video game creature.
Does nt cause any damage.
A variety appear in advertisements  Commodore Business Machines and Psygnosis on subway entrances  and Atari on a skyscraper.
A giant bomb appears in the streets.
The shock wave slowly turns the whole city  then it spreads throughout the world.
When it explodes.
Soon Earth is nothing  silently floating through space.
Dooms the human existence.
The end are presented as a high score.
<EOS>
Wealthy department-store mogul Whitfield Savory II buys a statue.
He plans to exhibit it.
Eddie Hatch  a window dresser  kisses the statue.
Venus comes to life.
She leaves.
The store and Eddie is accused.
Nobody believes the truth.
Who is Savory s right-hand woman  and Kerrigan  a detective.
Venus turns up  forcing him to hide her from girlfriend Gloria and roommate Joe.
Entranced  Joe falls for Eddie s girl Gloria.
Meanwhile  Venus has fallen asleep on a sofa and is discovered there by Whitfield.
Who is instantly smitten.
Kerrigan decides.
It s time to be placed under arrest for the statue s theft.
Venus  to save Eddie  is willing to seduce Whitfield  but a threat to leave.
Him brings Whitfield back.
He realizes.
It s Molly he truly loves.
Venus is called home and must return to Mount Olympus  so she returns to her pedestal.
Whitfield can now display his work to the public.
Eddie is the only one left alone  at least.
He meets a new salesgirl who is a dead ringer.
<EOS>
Twilight  Los Angeles Anna Deavere Smith performs her one woman show portraying various real life people involved in the aftermath of the 1992 Rodney King trial verdict riots in Los Angeles.
<EOS>
The central character is Tommy Matisse  his name combines the title of The.
Who s 1969 rock opera Tommy and the last name.
Tommy is a Melbourne boy studying in London.
He is a violinist and composer.
Who hears music.
He is a rebel and displays this by bringing a homeless woman living in the Underground on stage for a concert.
A sympathetic professor decides.
He is the type.
Having shocked opera s establishment  he returns home on the death of his younger sister Emma.
Who suffers a fatal overdose.
He discovers a CD and decides to enter the genre of electronic music to follow the path.
She was pursuing and how she became involved in this dance world.
Emma s death acts.
Drives Tommy and his girlfriend Alysse apart.
Alysse falls.
Prey and who is also a drug dealer.
Hector Lee has a young assistant called Trig  and is always getting new footage and talent.
Who is a VJ.
<EOS>
Small-Town lawyer Paul Biegler  a former district attorney  spends most of his time fishing  playing the piano and hanging out with his alcoholic friend and colleague Parnell McCarthy and sardonic secretary Maida Rutledge.
Who lost his re-election bid.
One day Biegler is contacted.
Who has been arrested.
Manion does not deny the murder  but claims.
His wife was raped.
It would be difficult to get Manion cleared of murder   thus giving them a chance of winning his freedom with a defense of irresistible impulse -- a version of a temporary insanity defense.
Biegler pushes him.
Where he claims to have no memory.
Biegler catches Laura Manion flirting during a roadhouse party.
He sets.
He has to practically order her to stay away and wear a girdle in order to play the part of a meek little housewife rather than that of a happy-go-lucky party girl.
She also agrees to give up her tight-fitting clothes and wears a formal dress  glasses  a hat and a woman s suit.
Biegler s folksy speech and laid-back demeanor hide a sharp legal mind and a propensity.
Has the judge busy keeping things.
However  the case does not go well  especially since the local D.
A.
Is assisted.
Furthermore  the prosecution goes all the way to block any mention for killing Quill  i.
E. 
The raping.
Biegler eventually manages to get the rape issue.
Judge Weaver agrees to allow the matter to be part.
However  Dancer s cross-examination effectively portrays her as a woman.
Who was not satisfied and openly flirted with other men  including the one she claimed raped her.
A doctor casts doubt on.
Whether she was raped or not.
Biegler questions the method he used to obtain the results.
Psychiatrists give conflicting testimony.
When he killed Quill.
Furthermore it.
Comes out that even Lt.
Manion doubted his wife.
Laura  a Catholic  had to swear to persuade her husband that the sex with Quill was indeed.
Quill s inn is due to be inherited.
Who is suspected.
Inquiries  however  reveal  but is anxious to keep this secret.
She is in fact Quill s daughter.
She was born out.
Biegler   tries to persuade her  either out.
Who is losing the case.
Al Paquette  a bartender who witnessed the murder  knows that Quill raped Laura but is covering this up.
Biegler tries to persuade Paquette to testify for the defense on these grounds.
He refuses.
Annoyed  Biegler leaves saying  I ll leave a pass and Al at the trial.
You might like to watch Lt.
Manion get convicted.
Mary does actually attend the final day.
When the issue is raised that Laura was wearing on the night of the murder.
These panties were never found.
She claims the rape took place.
Mary   later returns to testify.
Who was unaware.
She found the panties  presuming that Quill dropped them down the laundry chute when he returned home.
Dancer insistently quizzes her.
She was lying and that Quill was her lover.
She shocks the court and torpedoes Dancer.
Quill was her father.
Biegler has played heavily.
He is just a humble country lawyer facing a brilliant prosecutor.
However  he privately admits.
Dancer delivered the best summary I ve ever heard.
It is  Manion is found not guilty by reason of insanity.
The next day Biegler and McCarthy go to see the Manions.
Order to collect their fee only to find the trailer missing.
A note left -- the defense used by Biegler during the trial.
He was seized.
Evidence left lying around indicates.
Manion was actually a heavy drinker who beat Laura before they left.
This might indicate.
That Laura s sexual encounter was consensual and that Manion killed Quill out of drunken jealousy  or that Laura was raped but that Manion killed Quill in a drunken rage and not due to irresistible impulse.
Biegler suggests  quipping.
They solicit Mary Pilant to administer Barney Quill s estate.
It would be poetic justice.
<EOS>
Clark goes to visit his daughter and.
Kathy  the infant daughter of Willie and Missie  dies.
A ruthless land baron and mayor  Doros  hires Willie.
The LaHayes need the money.
Doros uses Willie to try to evict ranchers.
Have fallen behind.
Missie helps one family.
Her mother gave her.
Doros  daughter  Colette  begins to like Willie and Missie s adopted son  Jeff.
Collette is an eastern-schooled girl.
Who is home.
Jeff is a well-read young man.
Who must take over.
Colette visits the ranch frequently and helps Jeff.
Jeff also visits her.
Doros secretly discovers this  but does not let on.
She and Jeff share a kiss.
Collette prepares to leave.
Her father lays a trap.
Doros charges Jeff with horse theft and demands.
Willie arrest his own son.
Doros swears.
Jeff stole the horse.
Willie produces Colette.
Whom Doros thought left.
Clark realizes.
His daughter Missie is home.
<EOS>
Divorce barrister Logan arrives back overseas to find the whole city fogbound.
Unable to reach his flat  he books.
Where a costume ball is taking place.
Many are also stranded by the fog.
Leslie sweet-talks Logan.
Some are happy to bed down.
The night passes innocently.
The pair are attracted.
Logan barrels.
He leaves the suite the next morning.
Logan is asked to act as counsel for Lord Rockburn.
Who is seeking a divorce.
Logan accepts the brief  but then discovers.
Lady Rockburn was a guest.
A cornerstone is alleged impropriety.
A maid observed a man leaving her room that morning.
Convinced  Logan tries to back out.
Lady Rockburn can only be Leslie.
Lord Rockburn produces his chief witness the maid  who shows no sign.
He invites her to dine that evening  still believing her to be Lady Rockburn and intending to inform her of the situation.
When Leslie calls to return a dressing gown Logan lent her.
He lays his cards on the table.
Leslie reassures him.
She reciprocates his feelings.
The romantic evening comes.
When Lord Rockburn shows up.
Logan and Leslie are forced to make an unobtrusive early exit to avoid a potentially scandalous public scene.
They go back.
Where he assures Leslie that he has fallen with her.
Meanwhile Lord Rockburn is informed.
A private detective he has has uncovered the identity of his wife s lover.
He decides to visit Logan immediately to tell him the good news  and is baffled.
When he opens the door.
Logan admits him.
Where Leslie is sitting.
He loves her and is prepared to face the consequences.
The bewildered Lord Rockburn informs him.
He has never seen Leslie.
Leslie then confesses.
She has gone along as a means of seeing how much he would be prepared to give up for her.
She tells him.
She is in fact a widow  and that he has passed the test.
<EOS>
Vivan is a successful RJ.
He has acquired everything.
His marriage is unsuccessful.
Eventhough  his wife pooja takes divorce  the reason cited.
He was not.
Are lack.
Vivan and Pooja do nt want the divorce.
The fast pace interfere with her emotional balance.
It may not be wrong.
You can suspect pooja to be a.
Enters Shanaya.
Who is.
But initially he does nt realize.
Shanaya brings a smile.
Pooja wants a return to his life.
She wants him back.
She shows signs.
But he blatantly discusses Shanaya.
Being a woman  she can see his love.
She becomes the catalyst to bring this realization.
His true love is Shanaya.
Has he closed his eyes.
Vivan reciprocates and tries to get close too.
She realises.
Pooja still has a soft spot and cares for him.
He wants to spend his life.
Who will be eventually reign.
<EOS>
The Ajax Ghost Exterminators are hired to drive out four ghosts from a haunted house.
Has long been abandoned.
Unbeknownst  they were hired by the ghosts themselves.
Who are bored because nobody has visited the house they had long been haunting.
They wish to play tricks  and do so through a series of inventive  annoying pranks.
The exterminators arrive  enter and announce themselves.
There is nobody to receive them.
Mickey decides.
They should get to work anyway.
The three split up to hunt the ghosts individually.
The exterminators are toyed  Mickey is driven upstairs and tries to open a door.
Opens. 
Donald  meanwhile  is whacked and is scared away by the sounds of banging chains and dishes.
Goofy   becomes tangled in a dresser and stabs his own rear with a pin  mistaking his blue pants for a ghost.
The three exterminators accidentally become.
Consequently scaring the actual ghosts out.
The ghost hunters stand victorious  having driven the spirits.
Not exactly certain how.
Donald smugly assumes.
The ghosts fled to their superior tactics.
Goofy offers -LCB- -LCB- by whom ? -RCB-.
What is considered.
Other quotes include Donald s observation  So you ca nt take it  you big sissies.
<EOS>
The main character  Huang Xiaoxian  is a 27-year-old woman.
Who dreams.
She has been with her boyfriend for 7 years.
But she finally breaks up.
She sees her boyfriend going shopping intimately.
Xiaoxian starts recovering.
The movie begins.
Her partner  Wang Xiaojian  helps her a lot.
Xiaoxian is deeply touched by Xiaojian and falls in love with him.
She finds the one.
Who will always keep her company.
<EOS>
The story opens  Rachel Ojeda  moving to a house on an island after their son  Randy Ojeda  died in an airplane crash some years earlier.
Meanwhile  Ellen Lopez  listens.
Later  a sparrow flock begins pecking the window.
A golden eagle attacks.
Meanwhile  Doc Rayburn  a Green Berets veteran  spots some cars parked.
He also spots.
Some crows furiously pecking the corpse.
Terry strolls along the street.
Suddenly  she is swarmed.
Ted comes  driving the eagles away by chucking dynamite at the birds.
Later  a crow swoops down and inflicts a cut.
The next day  people get word.
The Eastern Seaboard is mysteriously.
Rachel freaks out.
Ted and Terry stare.
Buster  the family s Great Dane dog  attacks a flock of crows scavenging on a dead sheep.
Doc s Greyhounds also join the attack.
The resulting fight kills one.
A few days later  all five people decide to fight back.
Ted s house is suddenly attacked.
Ellen and Doc race.
Ellen starts chucking molotov cocktails.
Doc fires a submachine gun.
The ravens fall back  but are run over on a railroad track.
A seagull attacks him.
Doc relaxes.
Luckily  Doc is able to subdue the animal and kill it.
Ellen questions.
The birds have suddenly started attacking humans.
Ted responds.
The birds may have gotten the Rage Virus.
Later  Ted s guess is proven right.
When Ted actually spots some seagulls and golden eagles killing a Great White Shark.
Later  Ted s house is suddenly by a huge swarm of birds.
Doc grabs a light machine gun and mounts it.
He then proceeds to shoot down the attacking birds.
Rachel grabs an assault rifle and opens fire.
Ted also grabs a rifle and fires.
Ellen is wounded by a bird attack.
Cuts her wrist.
Rachel s forehead is slashed.
Doc and Ted are both wounded.
When a golden eagle slashes their heels.
The group manages to beat off the birds.
They sustain any more injuries.
The next day  the house is from ravens and crows  causing everyone to abandon the house altogether.
Ted s family fights off the birds.
Later  Ted hatches an escape plan.
Ellen agrees.
Ellen races and plans to escape using the scooter.
Unfortunately  she s killed.
This forces Ted and his family to take over.
Ted takes the wheel.
Doc and Gordon escort Terry and escape using the vehicle.
Rachel uses her rifle to open fire.
It makes its way down a highway.
Later  several turkey vultures join the attack.
The birds follow.
When Ted swerves.
Ted spots a subway train speeding  giving him an idea.
The birds continue to chase the Vespa.
They are squashed.
Ted and everyone else bails out  leaving the train to squash the Vespa.
The president  Gerald Kennedy  orders.
The United States to be evacuated.
The Ojeda family are chosen.
Rayburn and Gordon are left behind.
Ted and his family are transported to Concord  New Hampshire.
Suddenly  vultures attack the Blackhawk.
Ted takes a minigun and opens fire.
However  several vultures are sucked and are sliced to pieces  causing the helicopter to go down near Chesapeake Bay  Maryland.
The final showdown begins here.
Ted and Rachel both hold off the attackers.
SSgt.
Gus Griggs and Pvt.
Don McDonald  both use assault rifles to hold them off.
The soldiers and Ted take Rachel to a refugee center before the credits.
<EOS>
The city is rife with the nefarious activities of land mafia.
There are two rival gangs  one.
Who resides and controls the operation through his siblings.
Both threaten builders and land owners.
Sayed arrives and starts cracking down on crime.
Pandu  a thug  is abducted.
Pandu has taken a contract to beat up Mallesh.
He does.
Ajju invites Pandu to join Ali Bhai s gang.
Pandu declines stating.
He does not work  but is ready to do anything given enough money.
Pandu falls.
When he visits his cousin s aerobics class.
She mistakes him.
Shruthi  a college student  lives.
Bramhi lives  and frequently tries to convince Shruthi to marry him.
Sub inspector Pashupathy  is a corrupt officer.
Where Pandu and Shruthi live who often works.
He is also.
He falls and decides to make her his mistress  even after multiple rejections by Shruthi.
Pandu s first assignment is to kill a member of Narayan s band.
However  police show up.
Where Pandu and the other gangsters are waiting.
Pandu engages the cops long enough to finish the task and flee.
He also helps Shruthi escape.
She is impressed soon blossoms between the two  leading to the development of unspoken romantic feelings for each other.
They are attacked.
When Shruthi tries to expresses her feelings.
Whom Pandu finishes off.
Shruthi is shocked to learn.
Pandu is a gangster.
Pashupathy arranges  Shruthi and her mother will accept his demands.
Some thugs to pretend  so that no decent family will want to take her as their.
Pandu learns  warning him.
If he is found responsible then things will turn ugly for him.
Shruthi accepts Pandu.
Ali Bhai comes and kills Narayan.
He also meets Pandu to discuss the killing by blowing up a balloon.
Pandu disagrees.
It would involve killing innocents.
Raid the club and arrest Ali Bhai.
His gang members retaliate.
They also kidnap her  forcing the police to release Ali Bhai.
Ali Bhai drugs the commissioner s daughter  causing her to reveal.
Her father placed a mole.
They find.
The inspector s son  Krishna  is now a part.
Ali Bhai kills Krishna.
However  it is revealed.
The person who died was actually Ajay.
Suryanaraya s son  Krishna Manohar  has gone undercover agent to finish off underworld mafia gangs.
Ali Bhai kills Suryanaraya.
It is revealed.
Pandu is Krishna Manohar.
Krishna Manohar avenges his father s death and saves the Commissioner s daughter.
<EOS>
Siva is a modern guy.
Who falls with a beautiful girl he saw at a bus stop.
He goes to see a girl chosen by his parents for him.
Luckily he finds the same girl.
He saw as the.
He happily agrees.
He immedialtely accepts to marry her.
He had fallen.
When he moves to settle.
He realizes.
There exist two girls.
Moreover he comes to know he imagined and had fallen at first sight.
Tastes are exactly opposite to that of the girl.
He becomes friend but finally understands that he.
<EOS>
Colin Glasgow returning home finds out.
His family is.
Lots lead to Colin finding his old love Lynn and meeting a Priest.
Is more than meets the eye.
Colin must find a way to end the curse.
Has haunted his family and will do so even if it costs him his life.
<EOS>
Cabaret singer Olive Martin approaches her former lover Peter Graham.
Recently elevated  about the fact that he is the father of her out-of-wedlock son.
To avoid exposing this scandal  Olive demands.
Peter divorce his wife and marry her.
Meanwhile  the alleged son  Harold is falling with Anita.
Who is Peter s daughter.
News requires Peter to divulge.
What he knows and forbid the marriage.
However  it is revealed -- instead he is the son of Olive s brother-in-law merely being used by Olive for blackmail.
Olive has lied being her son.
<EOS>
Erica spends her nights trawling the bars and beds.
Emotionally withdrawn  her only form is a series of one-night stands.
She meets the mysterious Nate  who claims to have been honorably discharged.
Nate s the only man.
Who seems to want her company.
But one -- a young  hot-headed wannabe rock star -- is about to return dramatically into her life.
<EOS>
Yumi  a university student.
Who learns that she has a younger brother ๏ผ Maung Maung ๏ผ who was born to her Japanese father  Toshio Yoshida and a Myanmar woman  Ma Thwe Thwe.
Toshio was a former Japanese soldier sent during World War II.
Yumi decides to visit Myanmar to meet her younger brother  Maung Maung.
She finally meets Maung Maung.
The beautiful but sad affection is described in the film.
<EOS>
Adam is a man.
Who is created and is put on this lonely planet.
He does silly acts and does all sorts.
He makes Adam a friend.
When God realises that Adam is lonely.
Adam  expecting it to be a woman  gets himself ready.
If only to find out his new friend is a penguin.
<EOS>
Ashok Kumar Nalini Jaywant Pran Durga Khote Ramayan Tiwari Cukoo Sulochana Latkar Yakub Kamal.
<EOS>
Mia Sampson  an unpopular girl  is approached.
She thinks and goes.
Though she thinks modeling is shallow.
It will be a better way to earn money.
She poses.
Are to be displayed.
So she can be scouted.
She begins feeling uncomfortable and also receives disturbing messages.
Mia s membership begins to go up.
However  she continues to take shots and even participates with the gentlemen of the site.
Too late  Mia realizes.
She is working and goes to a group called webwatch to uncover the operation.
However   the police ca nt do anything.
The agency is nt doing anything illegal.
Mia is disgusted.
She quits.
Though she has earned.
Her boss  however  still has full legal rights and tells her.
He will keep the website up.
She is the site s most popular model.
He does offer  though  to take down the site.
Mia will do a 15 minute live web show whose clients have offered a lot to see.
Mia accepts.
A man has told her that it will be the evidence the police need to take down the operation.
Mia begins the show.
She can not bear to finish the show and runs.
When the police do nt show up.
The man is enraged  he is Gabriel.
She did nt finish.
He tries to force her to finish the show.
While he records it.
Mia tries to escape.
Luckily  Mia s mom and boyfriend show up.
He is attacking her.
The film ends.
However  the ending shot shows a teenage boy going.
Mia had done that are still online - proving what her boss stated earlier to her that  whether she quits or not  the girl she became will always be out there.
<EOS>
Bhuvan Shome  a widower and a dedicated civil servant -- strict  uncompromising - takes a holiday.
Transforms him irreparably.
Bhuvan Shome is a big officer.
The background is constructed in the context of a few railway ticket checkers discussing him as a strict  unreasonable officer.
It continues.
Whose Bengali-ness has not been affected.
His apparent age  late 50s  is an important element.
Inspired  Bhuvan Shome is seen to take a hunting holiday to Gujarat.
It s quite clear.
His expedition is amateur.
It is portrayed.
Who knows how to acquire a skill.
His encounter is fortuitous.
It is she who takes care and helps hunt birds.
She helps him  takes him home and takes care of him.
Is probably an important part.
When he is made to change his clothes because otherwise the birds will know and fly away.
The subsequent hunting sojourn is a lyrical exploration of Bhuvan Shome s transformation.
He is not only enamoured  but also enchanted by the sights of birds on the lake and in the sky.
His hunt is successful  but only.
Reflects Bhuvan Shome s limitations.
Bhuvan Shome is deeply affected.
Who is actually schooled more than she could expect to be.
He is seen to reprieve an offending railwayman.
When he returns.
This is a.
Completes the story and context.
<EOS>
Twenty-something Michael Pinto has grown up  believing everyone in the world to be simple  kind and honest  just like him.
His world revolves around a doting mother  a passion and the memories of a childhood friend  Sameer.
Who left Goa and has nt replied to his frequent letters ever since.
Pinto s talent is only matched by his knack for finding trouble in the unlikeliest of places often resulting in the most outlandish and hilarious situations.
He decides to head in search of the only friend he knows.
When Pinto s idyllic world is shattered.
Will Pinto find Sameer or will trouble find him first.
<EOS>
Sean  a runner  has checked into room 303 at the seedy  rundown Heaven Hotel in Bangkok  to await arrival of a package of heroin.
Another guest is Rosa  psychologist  below.
Who is researching slum children.
203  is Lita  a female assassin.
Who is waiting to intercept the package Sean is waiting.
Tying them all together  is the 13-year-old bellboy  Wit  a streetwise  light-fingered kid.
<EOS>
The film opens out.
Where a race abandon their dying world.
Pushed by the solar winds  they make their way to Earth and land in San Francisco.
Some fall leaves  assimilating them and forming small pods with pink flowers.
Elizabeth Driscoll  an employee  is one of several people.
Who brings a flower home.
The next morning  Elizabeth s partner  Geoffrey Howell  suddenly becomes distant.
She senses.
Something is wrong.
Her colleague  health inspector Matthew Bennell  suggests.
She see his friend  psychiatrist Dr David Kibner.
Kibner suggests.
Elizabeth wants to believe that Geoffrey has changed because she is looking to get out of their relationship.
Meanwhile  Matthew s friend Jack Bellicec  a struggling writer  discovers a deformed body and calls Matthew to investigate.
Who owns a mud bath.
Noticing  Matthew breaks and finds a nearly complete double of her in the bedroom garden.
The body bears a slight resemblance.
He is able to get Elizabeth.
The duplicate body has disappeared.
He returns.
Matthew realizes.
What is happening is extraterrestrial  not realizing that Dr Kibner has also been changed.
He calls several state and federal agencies.
They all tell him not to worry.
People seem to have been converted as well.
Who had earlier claimed that their loved ones had changed.
That night  Matthew and his friends are nearly duplicated.
They sleep.
The pod people try to raid Matthew s house.
The humans are able to slip away.
They discover.
The pod people clones emit a piercing shrill scream once they learn someone is still human.
Jack and Nancy sacrifice themselves.
Matthew and Elizabeth are chased.
They are eventually found at the Health Department.
Kibner s double tells them.
Their species is incapable  that what they are doing is the only way for their species to survive and that they are even doing humanity a favor.
They are both injected to make them sleep.
However  the couple is able to overpower them and escape the building.
They run in the stairwell.
Who has discovered a way to evade the pod people.
Outside  Matthew and Elizabeth are exposed as human.
When Elizabeth screams.
They flee  and discover a giant warehouse.
Where the pods are grown.
They hear Amazing Grace being played nearby.
Matthew and Elizabeth profess their love.
Matthew goes out to investigate  only to discover a cargo ship being loaded.
Matthew returns to find.
Elizabeth has fallen asleep.
Her body crumbles  telling him to go to sleep as well.
He tries to wake her.
Matthew destroys the pod-growing facility by cutting the overhead lights.
The entire warehouse is on fire.
The unhatched pods begin to die.
He is pointed out while the pod people search for him.
The next morning  Matthew watches dozens.
He sees Elizabeth.
She is completely oblivious.
He is spotted.
Walking. 
Still able to survive  she calls his name.
They were caught earlier.
Which Matthew responds.
Matthew is now a pod person.
<EOS>
Set  government scientists perform reanimation experiments in an underground nuclear facility.
The goal is to create a superhuman.
Their first subject  Thor  is a specimen.
An uncontrollable creature is unleashed.
The movie begins  preparing for a visit to the desert.
Stockton is a former participating scientist.
Stockton finds the current scientists still continuing with their work.
Thor is awakened.
The facility goes.
Trapped inside  the scientists and Stockton s family must defeat Thor or escape from an impenetrable post.
Their means diminishes.
They are picked off for a chemical derived from human brains.
Thor is a result.
However   he was created through reanimation experiments performed on a suicide victim  rather than radiation exposure.
Thor is a cannibal.
His hunger appears to derive.
Thor also deals.
Had driven him.
<EOS>
A year has passed.
Mick Dundee and Sue Charlton are living happily.
Sue s writing has made him a popular public figure.
Mick s ignorance is a hazard when he attempts to continue his former lifestyle.
He later goes to work.
Sue s ex-husband Bob takes photographs  and is spotted by one of the cartel s sentries.
Working. 
He sends the photographs  before being murdered.
Colombian Cartel leader Luis Rico  and his brother & top lieutenant  Miguel  go to retrieve the photos.
The gangsters hold Sue hostage  leading Mick to ask Leroy.
Leroy contacts a local street gang.
Whom Mick asks to create a distraction  leading most of the cartel s guards on a wild goose chase while Mick rescues Sue.
Rico is arrested but soon escapes police custody.
Mick decides to take Sue to Australia.
Order to fight.
Mick is enthusiastically welcomed back by his friends.
He and Sue take refuge in his personal land  named Belonga Mick.
Here  Sue discovers.
Mick owns land equal.
Rico and his men track their quarry.
Where they hire some local thugs to assist them.
Their Aboriginal tracker abandons them.
When he hears that their quarry is Mick.
The gangsters kidnap Mick s friend Walter and force him to guide them.
Mick saves his friend.
They then lead the gangsters through the Outback territory.
Which Mick   manages to reduce the opposition s numbers one by one  leaving the rest increasingly nervous.
He retrieves Walter from Rico and Miguel  leaving the latter to face him alone.
Tired  Rico sets a bushfire to corner Mick.
Mick regains the upper hand  captures Rico  and switches clothes in order to lure Miguel into a vulnerable position.
Sue and Walter mistake Mick and try to shoot him.
Walter hits Mick.
Rico tries to escape but is shot  losing his balance and falling to his death from a cliff.
Miguel is.
Mick is dead.
Sue and Mick embrace.
Sue replies.
When Mick asks her whether she is ready to go home.
I am home  concluding the film.
<EOS>
The plot revolves around six Western journalists.
Who visit a small village under the escort of a squad of troops of the African Union peacekeeping mission.
They are faced  leave Sudan and report the atrocities to the world  or risk their own lives and stay in the hopes of averting a certain slaughter.
When they learn the brutal state sponsored militia called the Janjaweed are heading.
Two decide to stay behind along with the Nigerian commander of the AU unit  Captain Jack Tobamke  to try to save the villagers and begin to indiscriminally kill all the Black African men  women  and children.
Most flee back to their base.
When the Arab Janjaweed enter the village.
Captain Tobamke  Theo  and Freddie are all killed one by one in the subsequent shootout with the Janjaweed  but not after killing or wounding a few dozen of the savage milita.
The surviving Janjaweed then burn the village and move on  presumably to continue their genocide rampage across the Darfur landscape.
The final scene shows the female member  Malin Lausberg   now return to the destroyed village the next day with a group of AU soldiers only to find everyone dead  including two of her colleagues.
Who had fled during the Janjaweed attack.
But she finds an infant.
Freddie protected.
Malin takes.
The baby leave the destroyed village behind.
<EOS>
Loose cannon Kwak Jang-bae  a neighborhood policeman  is obsessed.
Continually wants to have sex an English teacher at a private school.
Who is bored.
Forthright high-school student Ju Ja-hye sells her sweat-stained panties and wants to lose her virginity to scruffy fish-sausage seller Choi-kang Sang-du  the older man is uninterested in her advances.
Ja-hye can not work out why.
Ja-hye s mother   discovers and starts having sessions in the back of his shop  assuming a dominatrix role.
Who sells hanbok.
The owner is into.
Kim Gwang-rok  Ja-hye s teacher  is a married man.
Who is secretly.
He has a major crisis and stops sleeping with her.
When Jang-bae discovers Ji-su has ordered a vibrator.
Meanwhile   it s only time also.
His neighborhood has been marked by the police.
Bumps heads.
<EOS>
The story is about four beautiful half-sisters - Patricia  Stephanie  Isabella  and Courtney.
Who have problems.
<EOS>
An alien species called the Kulku demand.
Eight million human beings be handed over to produce a cure for the virus that is killing them.
The Kuklu promise not to wipe out the planet and take.
What they want.
The United States holds a lottery.
Other countries empty their prisons to try to meet their quotas.
One is Dr Stephen Chase s daughter  Heather.
Dr Chase tries to interfere by joining the human resistance and killing as many of the Kulku as possible.
The resistance has some success using a weapon.
He designs.
Heather is captured and taken in orbit.
Where they discover that just a little bit is enough to cure one Kulku.
Jal  the Kulku ambassador  prepares to send her.
He plans to destroy the Earth.
Will allow her to travel.
Meanwhile   Army forces under General Skylar  formerly an enemy to the resistance despite being sympathetic  join forces with the resistance to stop the Kulku.
Using an observatory s telescope  the resistance prepares to use the weapon to destroy the Raeg and save the Earth.
A traitor reveals their plans  a Kulku sympathetic to humanity s plight  but unwilling to sacrifice his own race.
Kor lands a strike team to stop the resistance.
Chase uses the opportunity to board Kor s ship and force him to fly him to rescue Heather.
There  they discover homeworld a hero.
Jal has slaughtered the other Kulku and plans to return.
Jal mortally wounds.
And battles Chase after he frees Heather.
Thanks  Chase gains the upper hand and kills Jal.
They are confronted.
Who tries to detonate the Raeg in order to save his own species.
Blair are killed.
The weapon is finally ready to be fired.
The two remaining Kulku nearly kill.
Blair show up and finish them off  allowing Blair to fire the weapon and destroy the Raeg at the last moment.
Kor s wound finally catches up.
He collapses.
Heather finish him.
What the Kulku did.
Chase manages to fly a Kulku shuttle back.
Where the two reunite.
A newsbroadcast reveals.
Nearly eight million people died as a result is now left to recover while the Kulku presumably die out of the virus on their homeworld.
<EOS>
Having survived the stab wounds  Washington he was placed  seeking a reclusive back alley plastic surgeon to perform extensive plastic surgery on him to alter his appearance  using no anesthesia.
He sustained from the institution in Puget Sound.
The stepfather kills the doctor by slitting his throat with a bone saw and makes his way to Deer View  California.
Where has now acquired a new pseudonym  Keith Grant  as well as a small cottage and a job.
Keith  during an Easter dance held by the church  meets and grows attracted to divorced school principal Christine Davis.
Who has a computer-savvy son named Andy  who is a full-time wheelchair user due.
Keith and Christine begin dating.
When Christine s possessive ex-boyfriend Mark Wraynal follows Keith home and claims he is going to marry Christine and that Keith should leave her alone.
Feigning compliance  Keith murders Mark with a shovel and buries the body in his garden.
His mother marries the man  with Keith moving in with the two.
Attempting to befriend Andy   Keith grows increasingly frustrated.
Who he believes he can help walk.
Decides to take his father up  despite Keith s protests.
When Andy s biological father Steve offers Andy the chance to spend the summer and attend a school for the gifted Andy.
Keith begins courting Jennifer Ashley  a widow.
Andy gone and Christine revealed to be infertile.
Who has moved with her son Nicholas.
Keith s plan to murder Christine and marry Jennifer grows complicated.
When Andy  suspicious that Keith is the escaped Family Serial Killer continually mentioned  moves back to Deer View.
Growing increasingly unstable.
Christine and Jennifer meet and become friends  Keith murders his boss Mr Thompson.
Convincing family friend Father Ernest Brennan to help him uncover Keith s identity Andy invites the father over.
The two sneak Keith s fork  to have the fingerprints on it compared to the Family Serial Killer s.
Realizing Father Brennan is up excuses himself after dinner and follows the priest  running him off the road and killing him by beating his face against the steering wheel of his car.
Making Father Brennan s death look by blowing up his car Keith attends his funeral.
Afterward   rushes and calls Jennifer  telling her to meet him.
When Christine mentions visiting Jennifer.
Jennifer calls Christine to cancel their meeting  claiming her new boyfriend called with an emergency.
Needs her out.
When Jennifer arrives Keith reveals he is married.
Knocking Jennifer prepares to dump her in a wood chipper.
Arriving in tow Christine  having pieced together  confronts Keith about his affair and is beaten unconscious.
Keith is Jennifer s new boyfriend.
When she discovers Jennifer weakly writhing.
Finding the fork chased by his stepfather.
Keith prepares to murder his two lovers Andy.
He gave Father Brennan  finally realizes the truth about Keith and  overcoming his disorder  is.
Andy knocks him and is almost dragged into it himself  only to be saved by Christine.
When Keith climbs a ladder to look.
Who pulls him out.
Keith is still killed  being hacked to bits  finally ending him and his killing spree.
The end shows the group walking out.
<EOS>
Teenage lovers Jordan White and Amy Blue pick up a handsome drifter named Xavier Red.
Jordan gives Xavier the nickname X.
A late-night stop leaves the three on the run.
When X accidentally kills the store s owner.
The trio hides.
X learns.
Jordan and Amy have sex.
The store owner s wife disemboweled her children before committing suicide  thus  he concludes  removing any possibility of the trio being caught by the police.
Later that evening  Amy has sex.
Though they do not get along.
Eventually Jordan finds out.
Things become tense develop a lingering sexual attraction for one another.
They continue to get due to people either claiming to be Amy s previous lovers or mistaking her for such.
The trio journeys.
The FBI has a meeting and declares.
It will find Amy and kill her.
She is mistakenly identified and later by a character played by Parker Posey as Kitten.
Jordan  Amy and X spend the night.
Where they engage.
Jordan and X are attacked.
Amy goes to urinate.
Of whom had previously mistaken Amy.
The gang proceeds to beat up X and then hold Jordan down.
The aforementioned neo-Nazi ties up and rapes Amy.
The group finally severs Jordan s penis and forces it into his mouth.
She kills the neo-Nazis  leaving Jordan for dead.
Amy breaks free.
The film ends driving aimlessly on the road.
X is eating Doritos and offers Amy some  but receives no response.
Amy simply smokes a cigarette and continues driving.
The film fades.
<EOS>
Juno  an American archaeology student  is visiting Cyprus and staying with the family of her father s best friend  Dr Andros.
She witnesses an attack.
Results  but is unable to identify the killers to the local British intelligence officer  Major McGuire.
Juno then realises.
Dr Andros is an EOKA collaborator.
EOKA fighter Haghios wants to kill Juno.
Haghios organises an ambush to kill Juno.
She is saved.
Who is mortally wounded.
Juno escapes and is rescued.
Who brings her.
Haghios leads an attack.
Is unsuccessful.
Juno flies and realises.
Haghios is.
Haghios tries to kill her again  mortally wounding Baker  but is shot dead by McGuire.
Juno is reunited.
<EOS>
One day Sam Clayton and his gang arrive.
Where Father John is the priest.
The gang leaves town  only to be caught by father John.
Vowing revenge  the gang guns him down and then set about taking control of the town while waiting for the stagecoach.
However  little Johnny manages to escape off to Mexico in the hope of finding the priest s brother.
They soon meet and set off back.
Meanwhile Clayton discovers.
He is Johnny s father.
Also  some fifteen years prior  Jenny OHara had been one of Clayton s victims  adding to the mystique of the situation -- as well as to the question of little Johnny s paternity -- and now  enhancing the plot  Clayton takes to the idea of being a father.
<EOS>
Dr Alan Feinstone has everything.
What he wants.
A beautiful wife  a nice house  a job  a popular reputation and is obsessed with order and cleanliness.
However  everything changes  he spies on his wife Brooke  and spots her cheating on him and having sex with their filthy poolman  Matt.
Feinstone  going berserk  waits  and retrieves his handgun and then follows Matt in his car  tailing him.
Them to finish.
He is led.
Hiding the gun  he quickly makes up a story about inviting Paula to a surprise party for Brooke.
He then sneaks to see Paula invite Matt inside.
Paula s dog  a rottweiler  emerges.
He shoots the dog.
He returns to drive to work.
Feinstone s first patient of the day is young Jody Sanders  there for his very first dental appointment.
Feinstone begins to clean Jody s teeth.
Everything goes smoothly at first.
He imagines that Jody s teeth are brown and rotten.
His dental pick slips  stabbing Jody.
Jody s mother picks up her crying  bleeding child and leaves angrily.
Feinstone sees his second patient  beauty queen April Reign  and invites her.
Meanwhile  Detective Gibbs investigates the death.
He suspects.
The perpetrator was the burglar who has been recently robbing houses  though that criminal has never used a gun before  which makes him suspicious.
Alone sedates her with nitrous oxide.
That he can fill a cavity.
Feinstone imagines.
She drifts off.
She has transformed.
He begins kissing and fondling his wife  then begins to choke her.
April starts to cough and half-wakes up.
Feinstone snaps out and quickly re-buttons April s blouse and finishes removing her pantyhose.
Hiding the pantyhose  Feinstone helps the still-coughing April into the arms of her manager  Steve Landers.
He leads them.
April is dizzy.
Steve returns a few minutes later and furiously punches Feinstone hard presumably after.
What April told Steve with Feinstone.
They leave angrily  threatening a lawsuit on their way out.
Feinstone decides to end the day early and sends his staff and patients home.
Especially disappointed is Sarah  a teenager.
Who desperately wants to get her braces removed.
Candy  Feinstone s friendly office manager  tells her.
She ll have to wait.
Later that night  Brooke meets Feinstone.
He reveals his new Italian opera-themed patient room.
He encourages Brooke to try out the room s dental chair and clean her teeth.
Feinstone binds her and sedates her with nitrous oxide.
When she does.
He begins to pull out Brooke s teeth and cuts out her tongue.
Investigating the burglaries  Detective Gibbs and his partner Detective Sunshine arrive the next morning to ask him some questions.
Brooke -- still alive  but sedated -- lies.
They speak.
Matt cleans the pool.
Matt finds.
As the policemen leave.
What seems to be a severed tongue.
He lifts Brooke s hat.
She moans  reaches and displays her mutilated mouth  all her teeth are missing.
Her tongue is completely cut.
Feinstone emerges and stabs Matt to death.
Waiting are Sarah and Paula.
When he arrives.
Feinstone sees Paula first  much.
Feinstone asks and begins overly-aggressively drilling her tooth.
When Paula s conversation turns.
His assistant  Jessica  questions.
Her tooth is destroyed.
What he is doing.
Feinstone snaps out and asks Jessica to finish up.
Instead  Jessica whispers to leave.
He fires Jessica.
When Feinstone discovers that Paula has left.
She pulls out April s pantyhose and threatens to expose Feinstone.
Grabbing the hose  Feinstone wraps them around Jessica s neck and strangles her to death.
Detective Sunshine discovers.
The bullet pulled only matches one gun in the area  the Walther PPK owned by Feinstone.
He and Detective Gibbs drive to question him further.
They discover Matt s body.
They quickly break and find the mutilated Brooke  tied to the bed but still alive.
Meanwhile  IRS agent Marvin Goldblum  using Feinstone s tax problems  extorts a free dental exam and tries to extort a payoff from the doctor.
This does not go over well.
He inserts a retractor.
He then uses a dental drill into Marvin s tongue.
Later  Feinstone s other assistant  Karen  finds Marvin still.
The doctor grabs her and inserts a needle into her jugular.
The air bubble travels and kills her.
Sarah finally gets called back to have her braces removed.
The flirtatious Candy leaves with dental equipment salesman Matthew Zeigler.
Feinstone removes them and shows Sarah her smile.
He imagines her teeth brown and rotting.
He pulls out his gun and aims it.
Sarah slams the exam light and escapes.
She hides.
Where Sarah finds the blood-soaked Marvin  who attacks Feinstone.
Feinstone recaptures her.
Hysterical  Sarah promises to brush her teeth three times a day and to never eat candy.
This satisfies the doctor.
He leaves.
The two detectives arrive.
They are a little too late.
They follow him.
Where the doctor teaches dentistry classes.
There  Feinstone instructs all of his students to pull all of the teeth out of all their patients.
His vision warps again.
He sees all.
He has mostly killed or mutilated  including Matt.
He shoots Matt.
Who turns out to be a dental student.
The detectives burst.
Feinstone uses a hostage to escape.
Eventually  he wanders.
Where an opera singer is practicing.
Enchanted  he watches her.
She transforms.
When he reaches out to touch her.
Who laughs.
Defeated  he gets and is arrested by the detectives.
The audience sees Feinstone in a psychiatric hospital.
He is carted off.
When his toothless wife Brooke begins to work violently.
<EOS>
Khaled lives.
Who is French Canadian and chronically ill.
His father is Moroccoan and abandoned the family.
When Khaled was young.
One day his mother dies.
Khaled attempts to carry.
His life deteriorates.
His landlord harasses him.
Neighbours begin to notice the smell from his apartment.
<EOS>
Cheryl  an American writer  travels with her husband Tom  and their young son Bobby  to a villa in rural Italy for a few weeks of vacation  and for Cheryl to work on her latest book.
She tries to persuade her skeptical husband.
When Cheryl begins having nightmares.
It is using its power to manifest her nightmares  including the.
Cheryl must find a way to face her fear and somehow defeat the ogre.
It starts claiming victims.
<EOS>
Walen plays Dan Sparling  a convicted embezzler.
Who becomes editor.
He sets up an independent newspaper devoted to attacking corruption in public life  encountering various difficulties due to his being an ex-con and opposition from the incumbent administration.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
A policeman is staking out Alain Charnier  a French criminal.
Who is smuggling heroin to the United States.
The policeman is assassinated.
Detectives James Popeye Doyle and Buddy Cloudy Russo are conducting an undercover stakeout in Bedford-Stuyvesant  Brooklyn.
Russo goes in to make an arrest.
The suspect makes a break.
The suspect cuts Russo.
Where his connection is based.
Doyle convinces him to go out.
Russo s injury is treated.
Doyle becomes interested in Salvatore Sal Boca and his young wife  Angie.
Who are entertaining Mob members involved.
Doyle persuades his partner to tail the couple   they have criminal records  Sal is said to have held up Tiffany and also killed a guy named DeMarco.
The Bocas run a modest newsstand luncheonette.
Angie drew a suspended sentence.
Sal s brother Lou served jail time.
They make nearly nightly trips  as well as drive several new cars.
Indicate they may be involved.
A link is established.
Who is rumored to have connections.
Doyle and Russo roust a bar.
Where the majority are in possession of marijuana and other minor drugs.
The rousting is a stunt to connect with an informant   Doyle is told.
Whom he questions on the street.
A major shipment is on its way.
The detectives convince their supervisor  Walt Simonson  to wiretap the Bocas  phones and use several ruses to try to obtain more information.
The film centers  the criminals  efforts to smuggle drugs into the United States  due to the wiretap.
Is made easier when Charnier dupes his friend  a French actor named Henri Devereaux   the efforts of Doyle and Russo to shadow Boca and Charnier  and the conflicts the detectives have with Simonson and a federal agent named Mulderig  assigned to the case.
Doyle and Mulderig dislike each other  Russo and Doyle feel.
They can handle the bust.
Mulderig criticizes Doyle.
Where a policeman was killed.
Mulderig holds Doyle responsible.
Doyle comes.
Weinstock s chemist tests a sample and declares it the purest.
He has ever seen  establishing that the shipment could make as much as $ 32 million.
Boca is impatient to make the purchase.
Weinstock   urges patience  knowing Boca s phone is tapped and that they are being investigated.
Charnier soon makes Doyle and realizes.
He has been observed.
Nicoli offers to kill Doyle  Charnier objects  knowing killing one policeman will not amount.
Nicoli says.
They will be before they can be detained.
Nicoli attempts to assassinate Doyle  but botches the job  leading.
Culminates. 
Nicoli.
Who was pursuing him.
Nicoli is confronted by passengers.
The motorman passes out.
The train reaches the end and is halted by a safety mechanism on the tracks.
Nicoli escapes.
The train and Doyle shoots him when he attempts to escape.
The car containing the drugs is impounded.
When some thieves try to strip it.
Doyle and Russo take the car apart searching.
They realize.
When Russo notes the vehicle is 120 pounds.
The drugs must still be.
The mechanic tells them   the drugs are discovered.
He did not remove the car s rocker panels.
When he does.
The police later return the car  seemingly untouched.
It seems  Weinstock s chemist tests one and confirms its quality.
Though the drug deal has been a major success.
Using a car  the criminals conceal the money.
Sal Boca s brother Lou picked out.
The car is to be imported.
Where Charnier will retrieve the money.
Charnier and Sal Boca drive off  but run.
The police chase Charnier and Sal Boca.
Sal is killed.
Charnier escapes.
Doyle hunts.
Russo joins.
Doyle  trigger-happy and high  sees a shadowy figure in the distance and empties his revolver at it a split-second after shouting a warning.
The man is not Charnier  but Mulderig.
Doyle kills.
Doyle seems unfazed and vows to capture Charnier  reloading his gun and running.
The last sound heard is a single gunshot.
Title cards note.
Joel Weinstock and Angie Boca got away while Lou Boca got a reduced sentence and Devereaux served four years.
Charnier was never caught.
Both Doyle and Russo were transferred out and reassigned.
<EOS>
Successful mystery novelist Janet Frobisher   lives.
Who has been separated from her husband  a man with a criminal past.
Her nearest neighbour is nosy veterinarian Dr Henderson.
Janet falls and occasionally dabbles with her secretary Chris  fiance Larry.
Who is years younger.
Janet poisons him by her neighbour.
When her estranged husband unexpectedly appears.
One arrives.
She s preparing to dispose.
The mysterious man   impersonates the long-absent spouse.
When Frobisher s secretary and Larry arrive.
Who has assisted her.
Who plots to get rid  as well.
<EOS>
The plot concerns Soo-sam  a farmer.
Who goes and works as a rickshaw man.
He is jailed.
He learns.
His wife has had an affair.
Disgusted  Soo-sam returns with his daughter and becomes a ferry boat operator.
He loses his job.
When a bridge is constructed 10 years later.
Soo-sam dies.
The bridge engineer tries to rape his daughter.
When he is hit.
Soo-sam s ferry boat remains.
Their house burns  killing his daughter.
The Ownerless Ferryboat referred in the title.
The original final scene had Soo-sam taking an axe.
This was cut.
As Lee says  to axe the bridge was to describe the anger.
<EOS>
The film is about a young dancer trying to make it during World War II and then discovers that people like her singing voice.
She finally does and becomes a star.
She s reluctant to sing.
She meets a young musician.
Who composes classical music and who turns his nose up.
She believes and sets out to turn him around.
He can be a success.
<EOS>
The family make holidays in California.
The family is kidnapped.
They want.
2 million dollars.
<EOS>
ลaban Agha lives.
His stepdaughter Saadet lives.
The lives intersect unexpectedly   ลaban Agha moves to Istanbul at Saadet s insistence upon her return.
Saadet travels.
However  it proves impossible to adapt to city life and the rules of the system.
The land is.
He still considers himself a guest.
He is homesick.
Unaware plans to move back at the earliest opportunity.
He comes to realize that he will not be able to manage.
<EOS>
New York short story writer Jennifer Hills rents an isolated cottage.
The arrival attracts the attention of Johnny  the gas station manager  and Stanley and Andy  two unemployed youths.
Who hang.
Jennifer receives a grocery delivery.
Who is mildly mentally challenged.
Matthew is friends and reports back to them about the beautiful woman.
He met  claiming he saw her breasts.
Stanley and Andy start cruising around the house at night.
One day   they surprise her and tow her to shore.
Jennifer is relaxing.
She is met.
She tries to escape.
Matthew hides.
She realizes.
They planned her abduction so Matthew can lose his virginity.
Jennifer fights but is chased through the forest.
Matthew refuses to have sex  so Johnny rapes her.
They allow her to escape but track her down shortly afterward.
Andy brutally rapes her.
They attack her again.
She crawls back.
Matthew finally rapes her.
He says.
He can not reach orgasm.
The other men ridicule her book and rip up the manuscript.
Stanley sexually assaults her.
She passes out.
Johnny realizes.
The men leave.
She is a witness Matthew to stab her to death.
Matthew can not bring himself to do this  so he dabs the knife to the other men claiming.
He has killed her.
A traumatized Jennifer pieces both herself and her manuscript back together.
She goes and asks for forgiveness for.
What she plans to do.
The men learn.
Jennifer has survived and beat Matthew up.
Jennifer calls  knowing.
Matthew will deliver it.
He takes the groceries  and a knife.
Jennifer entices him to have sex with her under a tree.
She strings a noose and hangs him  then cuts the rope and drops the body in the river.
He becomes oblivious.
Jennifer seductively collects Johnny.
She stops halfway and turns a gun on him and orders.
Him to remove all his clothing.
Johnny insists.
The rapes were her fault because she enticed the men.
She pretends to believe this  lowers her gun  and invites him back.
Where she manually stimulates him.
Jennifer states.
When Johnny says that Matthew has been reported missing.
She killed Matthew.
Jennifer takes the knife.
He nears orgasm.
Matthew brought from its hiding place under the bathmat and severs Johnny s genitals  letting him bleed to death.
She later dumps the body and burns his clothes in the fireplace.
Stanley and Andy learn and take their boat.
Johnny is missing.
Andy goes ashore.
Jennifer swims out and climbs.
Before Stanley realizes what she is doing and pushes him overboard.
Andy tries to attack her.
When she speeds in the boat.
She escapes.
Andy swims out to rescue Stanley.
Jennifer plunges the axe and backs the boat up to Stanley.
Who grabs hold.
She repeats his own words  Suck it  bitch.
He used while assaulting her.
<EOS>
Claudia and Victor are engaged.
Her sister Terry has an affair.
And Victor also has another girl.
But the title s Satan is Ada  Terry s mother and Claudia s stepmother.
Who schemes to scare Claudia out.
<EOS>
Gangavataran is based.
The film used special effects to show mythological miracles and fantasy scenes  credited Phalke  son of Dadasaheb.
Gangavataran depicted the Hindu deity Shiva.
The divine sage played by Chitnis and Suresh Pardesi respectively.
The film tells the Hindu mythical story to Earth.
Bhagiratha vows to bring the heavenly river to the Earth.
Pleased  Lord Brahma agrees on sending Ganga.
But He asks Bhagiratha to pursue Lord Shiva.
Only Shiva could break Ganga s fall.
Proud Ganga agreed to descend only because of Brahma s orders.
Her pride made.
Her believe that her fall would only destroy the Earth.
But then Shiva trapped her tight and only let her go.
When she asked.
Her gentle flow then absolved Bhagiratha s ancestors.
<EOS>
Joe Martin  an American  rents boats.
He has a wife  Fabienne  and a daughter.
But.
His wife is kidnapped  Martin must fight back.
<EOS>
Sekhar and Muthuraman live.
However  they have two things  both the families are neck-deep in poverty.
They want to send their eldest family member to earn good amount of money for their families.
Both Muthuraman and Sekhar along dreaming to go to Dubai give money to a middleman to buy them passports and visas.
Everyone goes to find.
They were duped.
Sekhar and Muthuraman prefer not to go home.
Their loved ones might be heart-broken to know the fact.
Hence  both agree.
While Muthuraman goes.
Back  an educated Muthuraman finds.
Though Sekhar s family land is unfit  it can be used for grazing of cows.
Hence Muthuraman manages to secure loan to buy a couple and help the family earn a big profit.
He suggests her to start a business.
Both families succeed in their efforts.
Valli was pregnant and admitted to a hospital in Coimbatore.
Sekhar asks Muthuraman to come there.
One of the persons finds.
Who was cheated.
He informs this.
When he finds them.
The duo set out to bash him.
Order to prevent any more people to be fleeced.
The police arrives.
He promises them.
The cheated men will be given passports and visas.
However  Muthuraman and Sekhar say.
They do not want to go as they became prosperous in their motherland due to their.
<EOS>
Teenager Lily works.
She becomes pregnant.
The black father is attacked and killed.
The child is born.
She flees to the city.
Where she soon finds herself.
Escaping Ted  she commences a one-woman spree  culminating in running from the police and the press.
Lily must make a choice between freedom  and her baby.
<EOS>
August Underground s Mordum is presented as a degraded home movie shot by serial killers  in this case returning character Peter  his sadomasochistic girlfriend Crusty  and her sexually depraved manchild brother Maggot.
A violent argument erupts.
Peter walks in having sex.
It is quelled.
When Crusty sexually arouses Peter and herself with a piece of glass.
The two then break.
Where Peter beats the owner  while Crusty films the filth-incrusted building and decaying corpse of an overdosed addict.
Another fight breaks out.
When Peter starts stripping the body.
When the latter questions his motive.
The film then switches.
Crusty and Maggot are then shown removing a bound and masked woman.
The two have been keeping her.
Maggot rapes the woman   he lets a male captive out.
Crusty cheers him on  and taunts the victim.
When Maggot is finished.
He and Crusty force him to castrate himself  then seal him back up.
Crusty mimics oral sex  then violates the female victim from earlier with it.
Scenes are shown  followed by Maggot and Peter watching and masturbating to Crusty torturing two women  sexually abusing and repeatedly vomiting on them.
A male body rots.
Eventually  the women are killed  Maggot disembowels one  chewing and having sex with them.
The other has a bag pulled and is beat to death by Crusty and Peter  the latter dragging the body away to presumably have sex with it.
The three then get drunk.
Afterward Maggot is found by his sister  shaving and cutting himself to look beautiful for Crusty.
The trio are next shown playing  attending a concert  meeting up with friends  gang raping a woman  and going to a piercing shop.
Where Maggot gets a nose ring  and gets over his relationship with Crusty.
The group then visit another serial killer  - mutilated bodies  dying victims  and a headless and maggot-covered toddler.
Who shows them the contents.
Maggot eats a chunk.
Later   the new killer borrows their camera  and films himself taunting and slitting the throat of his female captives.
The others are asleep.
The trio have attacked a family  killing the father first.
When next seen.
Crusty watches.
Peter tortures the mother.
Maggot have sex.
A fight eventually breaks out.
Ends slitting his own throat  followed by the film cutting to static.
A cat is shown killing and eating a mouse.
<EOS>
Shogo Yahagi lives.
What appears to be 1980s metropolitan Japan.
He meets Yui Takanaka and discovers her roommates are his friends Mai Yumekano and Tomomi Murashita.
Shogo s old friend Shinji Nakagawa shows him a military prototype Garland motorcycle.
Can reach over.
He barely escapes.
Shinji is killed.
Shogo uses a public video phone to call Eve Tokimatsuri  a popular singer and TV host.
The show s broadcast is cut off.
Shogo shows Eve the bike and explains its capability.
He escapes by agents and soon discovers.
It can also transform.
Shogo helps.
Tomomi make an action film centered around the mysterious bike and has Yui hide the Garland.
Shogo finds a secret entrance and battles with some of the advanced fighters.
Looking. 
He encounters  most importantly.
D.
D.
Is nearly defeated  he informs Shogo.
Bahamut is a supercomputer that controls the events  and that they are actually living on a spaceship  and that the real time is actually 500 years in the future.
The military were developing new weapons underground to avoid Bahamut s detection.
Shogo shows mercy and leaves.
They have cleared Level.
Returning after his encounter with B.
D.
Shogo suggests.
Tomomi s movie should be a Sci Fi about how the world they live in is a spaceship manipulated behind the scenes  telling her it s an idea he Just came up with.
Tomomi agrees.
Mai enters the room.
She was spotted.
Mai was very disappointed.
Shogo becomes suspicious.
When Yui mentions how Eve has never had a live concert.
They only ever see her.
He then sneaks  and  confirming previous suspicious sparked by Yui s comments during filming  discovers Eve to be a computer program.
He leaves the studio.
Eve contacts Shogo.
She is an A.
I.
Program created by humans to keep peace.
She reveals.
500 years ago the Earth was destroyed.
Multiple evacuation ships left the planet.
Two ships from opposing factions made contact.
The resulting conflict wiped out both ships  populations.
Eve reveals.
She is the seventh iteration.
Her purpose is to prevent a similar battle.
She begs  saying.
The military is trying to deactivate her  presumably to attack.
Shogo interrupts  asking her resembles its current time period.
The city is.
Eve responds  describing the late-twentieth century.
Eve s transmission is suddenly cut.
She reiterates her plea to prevent her deactivation.
Shogo returns  asking her to go have lunch with him.
She asks him.
He looks so serious.
He responds.
She d go out.
He tells her bluntly.
When she responds.
He wants to sleep.
However  she gets annoyed.
Unromantic he s being he leaves.
She chases  confused as to.
He s acting.
Shogo  frustrated and confused.
Have happened recently.
He does nt know what he s supposed to do and breaks down.
Later  the two retire to.
What is  presumably  a hotel room.
Yui turns on the TV.
Shogo suddenly turns it off.
Eve s idol avatar appears.
The two later proceed to have sex.
Shogo reveals all the recent knowledge about the world.
He has learned.
She believes him unconditionally.
A newscast suddenly breaks the news.
When Yui and Shogo wake up the next morning.
The pseudo-Japan has declared war.
Thus  the coup solidifies its control by manipulating the public in lieu of Eve.
The military prepares to attack the second spaceship.
Further disturbing broadcasts are shown.
The day progresses.
The television shows 1200 recent military enlistees.
A coup begins.
Members.
D.
S command kill all top military staff  attack the pseudo-Tokyo s police station  and take.
B.
D.
Is shown conferring.
The shadowy man is implied to have interests as well as being Mai s father.
Agents  again  kill Tomomi and steal her master tapes of the movie.
Yui  Shogo  and Mai are out eating.
She was making.
Yui s group is shocked.
They enter the room.
A grief-stricken Mai then receives a phone call.
The world is about to change.
Mai agrees.
A following scene shows Mai giving her goodbyes   to Yui.
Shogo goes back.
He battles.
With the military but   is defeated by B.
D.
Who returns Shogo s earlier mercy.
Badly wounded  Shogo deserts the broken Garland.
The closing scene shows him walking and leaving a trail of blood droplets.
Shogo has been living underground  hiding from the military and police in the abandoned cities and corridors below Tokyo s surface.
The police have been informed.
Shogo is the person who murdered Tomomi.
Shogo has teamed up.
He reunites.
Yui asks Shogo.
Yui and Shogo are obviously still.
He never returned.
Shogo has apparently been out with her for a while.
She is still releasing music videos.
They are all ` pro-war   encouraging young men to join the military.
The real Eve however has survived the military s attempt and is now running as an independent program  constantly sending out messages through different media devices to try and make contact with 7G Operator  namely Shogo.
Shogo however  having lost the Garland  can not answer her call.
The motorcycle gang have made making contact.
D.
S military is still fighting a losing battle.
Uses an octopus-like penetrating weapon to destroy the human fleet.
The fighting goes.
D.
Searches as well as the ` Ghost Eve   trying to locate.
Where her independent program is located.
B.
D.
Believes. 
He finds Shogo he will be able to track down Eve and deactivate her properly.
B.
D.
Lures Shogo  planning to capture him.
However  Shogo is able to escape the trap with the Garland intact.
However   Shogo is unaware of a second tracking device on the machine.
Once back Shogo answers Eve s call for Operator.
Eve tells him.
She was able to isolate herself and survive the military s attempt at erasing her.
She reveals however.
The military is closing in and that Shogo needs to come to where she is.
She reveals.
She is located.
The gang all agree to go.
Meanwhile however  B.
D.
Has the military surround their base.
Realizing  the gang split up.
They re ambushed.
Members are killed or badly hurt.
Shogo  Yui and 4 other gang members  Cindy  Lightning  Dumpi and Garam.
Garam and Dumpi are hurt.
They finally reach the heart stays back inside Shogo s Garland  acting as a decoy while Cindy  Shogo and Yui carry on to the Bahamut.
Yui however  is badly hurt.
Cindy stays outside  waiting.
They reach the Bahamut.
Shogo escorts the injured Yui.
She opens.
When Eve identifies Shogo.
Them to enter.
Yui is getting worse.
Eve assures Shogo.
They reach the inner chamber.
She can heal Yui and Shogo places her.
Eve proceeds to talk  asking him questions about himself.
The scenery changes to scenes of a cafe  a beach  an observatory  a field and a park.
Is angry.
He slowly relaxing  thinking.
Maybe she s testing him.
Shogo reveals.
He did nt join the military when they asked because he did nt agree away little things for the sake of big things.
He first responds saying I but then goes on to say  so he thinks.
When Eve asks Shogo if he s.
He thought he always wanted to be and protect her.
He s starting to love her.
Eve also asks him.
What he thinks it means to be an adult.
Shogo at first gets angry again  saying.
How adults are people who back-stab each other and do horrible things  and that he wanted to be an adult like he used to see in the movies and TV as a kid.
Eve tells him once again.
The Earth was destroyed 500 years ago  but now reveals the whole story.
She tells him.
When this happened  the U.
N.
Set up the Earth Preservation Laws.
Meant evacuating the Earth s population.
The program left on Earth  ADAM  will receive Eve s report on the humans of the Megazone and determine.
Whether they should be allowed back or if they d make the same mistakes in the past.
Eve also reveals.
That time is now.
Shes awaiting ADAM s response.
The ADAM program activates.
She explains this.
Shogo asks Eve but Eve says.
What ADAM s decision is regarding the human race.
She does nt know due her.
She does not have the authority to access ADAM S information.
Shogo replies.
He does nt think the human race is good enough to warrant continuing.
He was able to meet Eve thanks to his friends.
Eve tells him not to give up.
Hope and that she will do whatever she can.
Shogo leaves the inner chamber  causing the room to shift.
Eve disappears and activates an unknown program.
Once  Shogo reunites with Cindy.
Soon afterwards  Lightning arrives  carrying the injured Dumpi and Garam.
B.
D.
Arrives  however  ADAM activates.
His program and the whole Megazone starts to shift.
A mass evacuation is called  police and military focusing on trying to get as many people into shelters and escape ships.
Seeing this  B.
D.
Tells Shogo is over.
There s no point and that the time where he had to do what he felt was right.
He wishes Shogo and his friends good luck.
He enters his Garland and leaves  saying he doubts they ll meet again.
He and his men leave the Megazone and disappear into space.
ADAM turns out to be the Earth s defense weapon.
Is the whole.
It s enveloped and is slowly torn apart.
The Dezlag ship gets nearer.
A hologram appears  saying EVE  Final Defense Program.
The Megazone looms closer.
The outer layer are completely destroyed.
The Megazone gets closer.
Eve sings a mournful dirge for the people.
Who die.
Bahamut detaches.
The Megazone is completely destroyed.
Shogo and his friends comment on.
How it was now silent and that they were most likely going to die.
However  a door opens.
Yui steps out  completely healed.
The reunited group notice light coming and follow it until the reach a hole in the ceiling  revealing a blue sky.
It s revealed.
They step out.
The Core has landed on Earth  which is once again green.
It turns.
Had been injured while fighting have also made it.
Part II is notable.
It contains more explicit scenes of violence and sex than its predecessor & successors.
Part III is different for several notable reasons.
Firstly  it takes place.
The Megazone landed.
Because return apart from Eve.
The story takes place primarily to be built on Earth.
The city was built to live in until a time.
The system decides humans and nature are.
The human race can be released.
All citizens wait for the ` Day of Liberation.
The Day is kept fresh in people s minds by Bishop Won Dai  supposedly one of the original survivors of the Megazone.
He is a direct link.
Eiji Takanaka is a hacker and expert virtual gamer.
Hangs out.
He starts working.
Both friends play Orange s spacecraft simulator Cyber Game _ HARD.
Is actively sent updates and new levels.
Orange uses its games to train fighters for its cause.
Order to complete a network independent.
Eiji starts to go out.
Who works.
Would hire an.
They grow closer they start discussing how Eiji has been recruited.
They also discuss the popular singer and idol  Eve.
In Eden she is known to be a virtual idol.
Ryo however tells Eiji.
She believed the circulating rumour that Eve is in fact a real person and says she wishes she could meet her as Ryo also wishes to become an idol.
Eiji asks.
She tells him.
He should research it himself.
Eiji watches a video message.
He s back home.
He should nt be doing things.
He s no-one to lecture.
Yacob assigns Eiji to use a Garland to catch netjackers.
An outside influence netjacks  daring him to break the program.
Doing a training mission though.
Eiji is unable.
He does well enough to impress the hacker.
Who turns out to be a high-ranking member.
Seinji takes the Garland home to customize it.
Ryo visits Eiji.
They discuss Sion.
Eiji brings up the subject.
Ryo says but he must be violent.
She does nt know any-one called Sion.
When Eiji mentions how Sion is a member as well as a nethacker.
Ryo jumps  saying that she knows him.
He s not that sort.
Eiji s apartment heats up.
They can discuss it further.
It explodes.
Eiji and Ryo escape.
Sion hacks sends out its Garland unit including Eiji.
Orange sends out its HARGUN units.
He reveals.
When Eiji defeats Sion.
He was testing Eiji to see if he can awaken Eve.
The company forces continue to battle.
Eiji takes the Garland as directed by Sion and finds a capsule containing a human Eve.
The capsule opens and Eve awakens.
When he approaches.
Eve smiles and tells him she s been waiting for him  calling him Operator.
The companies continue their fighting.
Orange has broken contact  presuming him dead.
EX it s linked.
Sion s team is able to breaks through and learn.
Project Heaven is a plan set up to launch the entire city of Eden into space.
Sion decides to take over Orange  Sion pushes a disc into Orange s computers  revealing the System s plans and Project Heaven.
Who only want to crush EX.
The leader is horrified and agrees to pull back from fighting EX building to get to the System s core.
The city starts to shake.
Project Heaven is put.
Back at the EX building.
She shows the Orange members.
Where to place explosives.
Sion and Eiji will distract EX core.
However Yacob tells him.
They should nt have stopped Project Heaven as this means they ve doomed Eden.
The core starts to rise into the sky.
He says this and the E = X tower crumbles.
Eve appears  addressing the public.
She tells them.
Won Dai is planning to use the Adam lunar defense system to destroy Eden  but that she is going to attempt to stop him.
Eiji races up.
Yacob follows.
Eiji inserts Shogo s Data Disk and manages to slice off one of Yacob s machine s arms.
However  Yacob further cripples Eiji s Garland.
His aim is off.
When he tries to deliver the final blow.
His Garland s power output is dropping.
Eiji manages to throw one  causing Yacob s Garland to explode.
Eve confronts Won Dai.
Who is sitting.
Eve tells.
Him what he s doing is nt the System s will.
Won Dai says.
Disposing is the only way to preserve Earth.
Eiji arrives and tells him.
That s a massacre.
He wo nt allow the System to kill people  regardless.
It s right or wrong.
Eve says.
Eiji s life-data is even more pure and that if Eiji connects to the System  its misconceptions of humans will be cleared.
Separating him.
When Eiji steps forwards though Won Dai activates a shield.
Then attacks Eiji.
Eiji accuses Won Dai but pulls out the Data disc  saying.
Shogo lives on.
The energy surrounds the disc.
Won Dai is ejected  collapsing.
He tells Eiji.
He has lived and asks him to unplug him.
Once Eiji does.
Won Dai ays that it s as if he s seeing things  saying that he s been a slave to the system for too long.
He asks.
Where Eiji found the Data Disc.
Eiji says.
He found it.
Won Dai sighs  saying.
How Bahamut and Megazone seem so nostalgic and how he d forgotten them before he dies.
It is vaguely hinted.
That he himself might be Shogo.
Eiji hears.
Something activate and turns to see Eve standing having descended around her.
She thanks Eiji.
The System was programmed to release humanity once she connects with it  which is why Shogo was supposed to wake her so long ago.
She tells Eiji.
She will pilot the core to destroy ADAM as well  thus freeing humanity from all of its artificial computer overlords forever.
She kisses Eiji  leaving Eden free.
She continues to rise.
Afterward  Eiji returns.
Who has been waiting.
The city is crumbling.
The fighting is over.
The episode ends.
<EOS>
An elite group quit from the L.
A.
P.
D.
It is immediately apparent.
Some are involved in the drug ring.
The four suspended cops band together to fight the drug ring undercover.
They gain capital by ripping off minor drug dealers.
Then well-armed they go.
<EOS>
Shot plays Yamamoto  a lone yakuza officer.
Defeated  he heads to L.
A.
Yamamoto and his new gang emerge as a powerful force  gradually expanding their turf to an extent.
They must confront the Mafia.
The Mafia s attacks are ruthless  and soon Yamamoto and his gang are driven.
They are hunted down one.
<EOS>
The three men -- Jack  Michael  and Peter -- are living.
Who is now five.
Her mother Sylvia.
The group is split up.
When Sylvia announces that she is getting married and that she and her future husband intend to move to England after the wedding  taking Mary with them.
Peter and Michael travel.
Where Peter realizes that Sylvia s fiance  Edward  intends to pack Mary off as he has no real interest in her.
Edward denies everything.
Sylvia refuses to believe Peter  knowing.
He has disliked Edward.
An attraction is nevertheless growing  something.
He refuses to acknowledge.
Peter breaks.
He is discovered.
Who says she has been told that Peter is in love with her.
She begins to take her clothes off and tries to have sex.
Peter manages to get away and later explains.
Edward made up the fact that he had feelings  but apologizes for the misunderstanding.
Peter   heads off to stop the wedding.
To cause a delay  Michael has kidnapped the vicar and Jack disguises himself.
Peter and Miss Lomax arrive after numerous delays.
He confronts Sylvia.
Edward has been lying.
Sylvia confronts.
The groom and Edward admits the truth.
It is too late -- they are already married.
Or.
It would seem  until Jack reveals himself.
Not only has Jack finally proved his acting skills.
The marriage is null and void.
Sylvia declares her intention to go home.
Peter stops her and declares his love.
The two marry as their bridesmaid.
<EOS>
Workaholic advertising executive has an important business meeting  but finds himself having to drive the neighborhood carpool for his sons  Bucky Miller and Andrew Miller  and their friends  Chelsea  Kayla  and Travis.
When his wife  Mrs Miller  gets sick.
Stopping to get Danish at Hammerman s Gourmet To Go grocery store  things go even more awry.
When he finds himself a victim.
The situation worsens.
Carnival is blocked.
Who had been contemplating a bank robbery  robs the robbers and takes Daniel and the kids hostage in their Toyota Previa van as his truck.
A comedic car chase ensues.
Daniel discovers his kids.
Their friends do not really respect him.
They react better.
<EOS>
Fredrik discovers synchronised swimming and recruits some friends to compete.
<EOS>
Manga and Sory are two young men.
Manga tells his widowed mother.
Sory tells his father.
Both parents forbid their sons to see each other again.
Sory marries and has a child.
Manga s mother turns to witchcraft to cure her son.
He unsuccessfully undergoes a lengthy form.
He meets and becomes engaged.
Both men try to make their heterosexual relationships work but are ultimately drawn back.
Manga s mother eventually gives her blessing.
The end sees Sory and Manga driving off together towards an uncertain future.
<EOS>
An African storyteller humorously and kindly talks.
Some are emulating the habits of white people and Their stuff.
He thus presents several cases to prove his point.
Who underpays.
A young boy jumps to copy the way.
The parachutists do.
A few other examples are as pathetic or comical.
Our storyteller finds himself being laughed at  at a bistro in Paris.
The way is kind and again humorous.
He deals.
This was the last film directed.
It was lost.
<EOS>
Inspector Dev Kumar and Gaurav alias Guru are childhood friends.
The problem is.
While Dev Kumar is  his dad  Parshu Ram  works with the underworld  and is the right-hand man of Kakhan  a criminal don  who is also Guru s dad.
His first suspect is none other.
When Inspector Khan is assigned the case.
Dev must prove.
He is earnest  and will not hesitate to arrest Kakhan.
It remains to be seen.
Dev will really apprehend his friend s dad  or just play around.
<EOS>
Having expended enormous resources  the Germans move the most determined to a new  high-security prisoner of war camp.
The commandant  Luftwaffe Colonel von Luger  tells the senior British officer  Group Capt.
Ramsey  There will be no escapes.
Ramsey replies.
It is their duty to try to escape.
The POWs settle into life at the prison camp.
Gestapo and SD agents bring Squadron Leader Roger Bartlett and deliver him to von Luger.
Known  Bartlett is the principal organizer of escapes and Gestapo agent Kuhn orders.
He be kept.
Von Luger  disgusted  only makes a note of  treating the command with complete contempt.
He warns Bartlett.
Kuhn leaves.
If he escapes again  he will be shot.
Bartlett is then placed.
Gestapo agent Kuhn had demanded.
Locked up  Bartlett immediately plans.
The greatest escape attempted -- tunnels.
The intent is to confuse  confound and harass the enemy.
As many troops and resources as possible will be wasted.
Teams are organized to tunnel  make civilian clothing  forge documents  procure contraband materials  and prevent guards.
Flight Lieutenant Robert Hendley  an American  is the scrounger.
Who finds what the others need  to clothes and identity cards.
Australian Flying Officer Louis Sedgwick  the manufacturer  makes tools for pumping air into the tunnels.
Flight Lieutenant Danny Velinski and William Willie Dickes are the tunnel kings.
Eric Ashley-Pitt devises a method of hiding bags in the prisoners  trousers and spreading dirt from the tunnels over the camp  under the guards  noses.
Forgery is handled.
Who becomes nearly blind by candlelight.
Hendley takes it to be Blythe s guide in the escape.
The prisoners work simultaneously  calling them Tom  Dick and Harry.
Work is stopped.
That more work can be performed.
The work noise is covered.
Lt.
Denis Cavendish.
Who is also the group s surveyor.
USAAF Captain Virgil Hilts  The Cooler King  irritates guards.
His first attempt  conceived  is a short tunnel with RAF Flying Officer Archibald Ives  they are caught and returned to the cooler.
The guards discover tunnel Tom.
The British POWs enjoy a 4th celebration organized by the three Americans.
The mood drops and hits Ives hardest.
He is drawn.
Surrounds the camp and climbs it.
Hilts runs to stop him but is too late.
Ives is machine-gunned dead.
The prisoners switch their efforts.
Hilts agrees to change his plan and reconnoiter and allow himself to be recaptured.
The information back is used to create maps showing the nearest town and railway station.
He brings.
The last part is completed on the night of the escape.
It proves to be 20 feet short.
Are to provide cover.
Danny nearly snaps those behind him  but is helped by Willie.
Seventy-six escape.
Almost all the POWs are recaptured or killed.
Hendley and Blythe steal an airplane to fly over the Swiss border  but the engine fails.
They. 
Soldiers arrive.
Blythe  his eyesight damaged  stands and is shot.
Hendley waves and shouts do nt shoot  and is captured.
Blythe dies.
Cavendish  having hitched a ride  is captured at a checkpoint  discovering another POW  Haynes  captured in his German soldier disguise.
Bartlett is recognized by Gestapo agent Kuhn.
Eric Ashley-Pitt sacrifices himself.
When he kills Kuhn.
Soldiers then shoot and kill him.
Bartlett and MacDonald slip away.
They are caught.
Who wishes them Good luck.
Hilts steals a motorcycle  is pursued  jumps and is captured  he escapes execution as a spy by showing them the captain s bars on the inside of his shirt.
A first line barbed wire fence  but becomes entangled in the second line of the barbed fence right on the.
Three truckloads go down a country road and split off in three directions.
One truck  containing Bartlett  MacDonald  Cavendish  Haynes and others  stops.
The POWs are told to get out and stretch their legs.
They are shot dead.
Fifty escapees are murdered.
Hendley and nine others are returned.
Von Luger is relieved and is driven away by the SS for failing to prevent the breakout.
Only three make it.
Danny and Willie steal a rowboat and proceed downriver.
Where they board a Swedish merchant ship.
Sedgwick steals a bicycle  then rides hidden to France.
Where he is guided to Spain.
Hilts is brought back alone and taken to the cooler.
Lieutenant Goff  one  gets Hilts s baseball and glove and throws it to him.
When Hilts and his guards pass.
The guard locks him and walks away  but momentarily pauses.
When he hears the familiar sound.
The film ends.
This picture is dedicated.
<EOS>
A woman and her daughter-in-law Shige are raped and murdered by soldiers.
Who live.
Their house is burned down.
A black cat appears  licking.
The women return.
Who wait.
They find samurai and bring them.
Where the burnt-out house was.
They seduce and then kill the samurai  tearing their throats with teeth.
A young man  Gintoki  fortuitously kills an enemy leader.
He brings the decapitated head to show the governor  Raiko.
Gintoki is made a samurai.
He finds their house burned down and the women missing.
When he goes looking.
Raiko tells Gintoki to find and destroy the ghosts.
Who are killing the samurai.
Gintoki encounters the two women and realizes.
They are his mother and wife.
They have made a pact.
They must kill him.
Gintoki has become a samurai.
The bride breaks her pledge to spend seven nights with Gintoki.
Then   she is condemned.
She has broken the pact.
Gintoki tells Raiko.
He has destroyed one.
Gintoki encounters the other ghost.
He attacks her with his sword  cutting off her arm.
Takes. 
She returns to retrieve the arm and then disappears.
Finally Gintoki is left flailing his sword around.
The mansion disappears.
Gintoki is seen lying face up.
<EOS>
Ukrapandi ordered to Govind to kill his baby to save his wife s life.
Govind give the baby and ordered to kill him.
Twenty-five years later  Poovarasan was recruited to work.
Poovarasan and Kaveri failed each others.
One day  Poovarasan saved Senadapathi.
Sinrasu  Senadapathi s son and Sundari  Ukrapandi s daughter were.
Their parents agree.
Senadapathi reminds to Ukrapandi his stinging humiliation and orders Ukrapandi to do the same thing.
He refuses.
The marriage are cancelled.
Poovarasan stopped.
Senadapathi s son was getting married.
It and he took him to marry Sundari.
The village s chiefs decided to exonerate the new married couple and to teach a lesson.
Poovarasan must walk with naked feet.
An old man  pretending to be Poovarasan s father  is recognized.
Sudalai did nt kill the baby.
The baby was.
Senadapathi wanted and sent henchmen to kill Ukrapandi s family.
Finally  Poovarasan saved them but died.
<EOS>
Anil Dhawan played a role of a shy person.
Who got introduced through Ramesh.
Anil wanted to marry Seema.
She was reluctant.
She was not sure  if she could live normal life.
Anil offers her to stay.
She actually marries him.
Seema starts getting convinced.
Anil really loves her.
She can lead a normal life.
She starts planning.
Anil has to leave out side town for a month.
Seema decides to marry him.
But she comes to know.
She is pregnant.
She is not aware.
Who the father is.
Anil returns just.
It was too late.
<EOS>
Portrecista examines the life and work.
Who had been trained at his aunt s studio prior to World War II and passionately loved taking photographs.
Which is illustrated.
<EOS>
Obsessive and temperamental bank manager Vijay Singh Rajput loses his job.
Who tried to embezzle money.
Angered he plots revenge on the bank by intending to stage a heist.
He employs three blind men -- Vishwas  a blind person.
Who has the power.
When   he understands that blind people can be trained to do things like sighted people.
He blackmails and enlists the help.
Who is a teacher.
He chose blind people.
Robbers would never be suspected as no one would believe blind people can rob a bank.
The bank robbery is successful.
However   Ilyaas s face is exposed  captured in footage.
Prompting city-wide posters.
Meanwhile  Mr Rajput anxiously tries to extort information regarding the jewels and their location.
Unable to answer   they try to defer the answer.
They did not collect the items.
Ultimately  it is revealed.
Ilyaas is the one.
Meanwhile  tensions rise  the latter resists the abusive nature of Rajput and his obnoxious harassing of Vishwas and Arjun.
Arjun confesses his love.
Who reveals that she is associated only for the well-being of her younger brother  Rahul  who has been kidnapped by Rajput.
The police try to locate Ilyaas.
Ilyaas lands up after getting drunk.
Rajput tries several ways to force Ilyaas.
Unable to generate an answer  he slams Ilyaas   causing bleeding.
Who falls and injures his eyes.
Rajput tries to get the information.
Vishwas and Arjun resist and claim.
They will reveal the location if Ilyaas is treated.
Rajput send them to get Dr Siddiqui.
Vishwas senses.
Ilyaas is double back to the training center to save him.
Rajput starts to harass Ilyaas.
Ilyaas falls of the balcony and dies.
Unable to bear the shock  Neha pulls a gun on Rajput and threatens to reveal everything to the police.
He does not leave her and the other two alone.
Rajput notifies Neha.
All these acts were done.
He is spotless.
Unable to bear this fact  Neha shoots herself.
As Vishwas and Arjun return after hearing loud screams.
Both men gang up and try to attack him.
He starts shooting them.
Rajput realizes that the men are ignorant.
The police arrive.
Confusion ensues.
Vishwas and Arjun come out and claim.
Rajput is abusing them while he claims that there is a big conspiracy.
Unable to believe  the police start getting suspicious.
Blind men can ransack a bank and amidst Rajput s impassioned defense.
Rajput reveals.
He had sent  thus confessing his crime.
Rajput is locked away.
Vishwas and Arjun decide to take care and ultimately find the jewels -- they were hidden in Ilyaas  musical instrument.
Rajput bribes the cop and is set free.
Vishwas and Arjun are sitting.
Rajput is standing.
He then warns them.
A dangerous game is about to begin  after which Vishwas and Arjun both draw their guns  before the film then ends.
<EOS>
The film is divided  each helmed by a different director assigned a letter of the alphabet.
The directors were then given free rein.
The varieties range from accidents to murders.
<EOS>
Two packs  divided by principles  are signaled by the moon of the coming of an ancient prophecy.
A young boy named.
Timothy approaches his 13th birthday  unaware this marks the time.
Timothy has been raised.
His father is said to be dead.
Rachel and Timothy have been unaware.
The rest are good werewolves who have guarded Timothy and his secret since birth.
They know.
Timothy is a half-blood who is prophesied to end the curse.
But they also know and are bent.
Timothy s power will put him  for there are other werewolves that revel and embrace their.
Four are a motorcycle pack -- leader Varek  and cohorts Zo  Sonya  and Grenier .
Who use a hawk.
Who track down Timothy  precipitating the movie s extended chase.
Varek discovers the location.
Is shown that he is alive and well.
Reaching Huguenot  Varek saw Nana and Timothy and proceeds against the good werewolves and various townspeople.
Adam s father is killed.
Nana sacrifices herself to let Timothy and the others escape.
Jonas explain the whole situation.
They are convinced.
Jonas and others turn.
The next day  Timothy faints and is sent.
Varek s gang infiltrate the hospital and attack Timothy.
Grenier is killed.
Katherine is being held hostage.
It is subsequently revealed.
Varek was Caleb  Rachel s husband and Timothy s father.
His transformation was due.
Adam goes off on his own and finds Katherine and brings her back.
Katherine was discovered to have been forced to feed on humans and kills Adam with his own gun.
Jonas manages to kill her.
As Katherine is about to attack Timothy.
They manage to find their next safe place.
Jonas sets out to ambush Varek  Zo & Sonya.
Zo is killed.
Sonya tries to attack Rachel and Timothy but is shot.
Rachel then proceeds to finish Sonya off.
Varek then tries to kill Timothy but is stopped.
They get  Jonas feeds on Varek s arm and knocks Varek unconscious.
Taken over  Jonas attempts to attack Timothy  but is shot to death by Rachel.
Varek wakes up and bites Timothy.
The clock chimes midnight.
He is then struck and knocked to the ground.
He then transforms back.
It is later revealed.
Timothy is the cure and that they travel around  giving the cure to those who want it.
They also fill bullets.
The film leaves off.
For some I am salvation.
<EOS>
Nina and Jack Graham are both marooned.
They fall.
Eventually Nina gives birth.
They are very happy together.
One day  Jack s wife comes to rescue him.
Nina is crushed and throws herself.
<EOS>
Europe .
A group are assigned to Sgt Cooley s squad and sent into battle.
Initially frightened  Hacker grows to love killing but loses that feeling as well.
He is promoted and later given his own squad.
<EOS>
Devereaux Burke gets a personal request to help keep Texas from entering into annexation with Mexico.
The movement is gaining favor.
It is mistakenly believed that Texas pioneer Sam Houston supports it.
The opposition leader is wealthy rancher Thomas Craden.
It is Craden.
When Dev is ambushed.
Who comes.
Martha Ronda   does not know.
Who loves Craden and runs the Austin newspaper.
Dev is anti-annexation when she and Craden host a number.
Craden then refuses.
When they wo nt all agree to vote his way.
Them permission to leave.
Dev gets a signed letter.
The ink smears.
When he falls  fleeing from Craden s men.
He has difficulty persuading Martha.
Who publishes an incorrect story.
Ultimately he wins her over and saves the day.
<EOS>
Two feuding families  the Weavers and the McCoys  spend their time taking potshots at each other.
A McCoy asks.
There are any Weavers.
One man  shown  answers in the affirmative.
The McCoy takes a shot.
A yodeling  bulbous-nosed  domestic peace activist enters the feud zone on a motorscooter bearing the words Elmer Fudd  Peace Maker  and goes to each side preaching peace and an end to wanton bloodshed.
Neither side is impressed.
Both sides get furious.
When Elmer attempts once more to both families.
Open fire would be peace maker together.
Only Elmer is left standing.
When the smoke clears.
He gives a final yodel and says Good night  all.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Quickly sketches the backstory.
She scared off potential friends.
They give her up front the money they would have spent taking her out.
Her family suggests she get a job as a bank teller.
She s promptly hired  but soon grows disillusioned.
She s counting other people s cash.
Then  bank robbers kidnap her and stuff her.
The thieves take a wrong turn their car.
Sakiko escapes but falls into a river and winds up in an underground pool.
Where she tries to kill herself.
Instead  she washes up downstream and is given medical leave.
The rest traces Sakiko s quest to retrieve the money.
One Sunday  she convinces her family to take her.
They give up as soon.
It rains.
Undeterred  Sakiko goes on but suffers an accident and winds up in the hospital again.
So she resolves to prepare more carefully.
Moving out  she returns to college to study geology  and also takes lessons in swimming  scuba diving  mountain climbing and driving  and buys lots of surveying equipment.
She wins swimming and mountain climbing competitions.
But she s uninterested.
Sakiko escapes  steals a research assistant at the college for stealing a bag of money from the bank  she steals his truck and goes to the woods and retrieves the suitcase.
Her apartment s floor collapses.
She formally apologizes for stealing from them.
Sakiko hears about hidden treasures in the Bermuda triangle and decides to get a sailing license.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
The film begins.
He sees smoke  and goes to investigate.
There he finds four escaped Denver convicts  and steals their beans and horses.
He has become addlepated.
When the guy awakens.
That becomes a running gag.
Next  the film starts the opening credits and the title song.
We see Trinity.
He wakes up to see the campfire Bambino saw.
The convicts are trying to fry more beans.
Trinity pretends to be an innocent lackwit  even advising the convicts to try to snap their addlepated companion out by hitting him on the head again.
The convicts decide to punish the kid.
When this does nt work.
Trinity defends himself.
Trinity then steals the beans and tricks them.
One he does nt shoot.
He leaves them fighting.
The next scene is Bambino.
His father sees Trinity and they both go inside.
Bambino is furious to see Trinity.
Trinity had given a thirty-horse herd away.
Trinity takes.
A very quick bath and everyone goes.
Then the four convicts show up and try to attack Trinity and Bambino.
Their mother sneaks around and ushers them out with a shotgun.
That night  Trinity s father has some kind.
It appears.
He might not live long.
He makes Trinity and Bambino promise to work together.
It is revealed.
When Bambino leaves the room.
His dad was faking it.
Bambino is forced to teach Trinity.
To be a successful horse thief.
They see a wagon.
Who are not moving.
But all is a family.
They find instead.
A young girl Trinity falls.
The family is nt moving.
A wheel broke.
They ca nt change it.
The wagon is too heavy.
Trinity and Bambino end up helping the family.
They head.
When Trinity and Bambino arrive.
Inside  Trinity  Bambino  and two cowboys play a card game.
Thanks  Trinity deals everybody a potentially winning hand.
However  his hand is a little bit better.
He wins  and is accused.
Trinity and Wild Card get a drink.
Wild Card says a bullet hurts.
Bambino keeps the other two card players.
Trinity displays his extreme speed  all before Wild Card Hendricks can react.
He does this a number.
Wild Card finally leaves unavenged.
He still tries to shoot Trinity.
Trinity shoots him.
Trinity and Bambino buy new suits.
They helped earlier.
They lie  saying.
They are federal agents.
Then they go.
They meet.
When they leave.
A man who gives them four thousand dollars to keep their eyes shut  thinking they are federal agents.
Then they hide to wait for some horses  but run into the same family as before.
They can steal.
They have a nice little dinner.
The two brothers travel.
They go and start a brawl.
They arrest some convicts and take them.
The sheriff informs Trinity and Bambino.
Everyone works for the man who paid them the four thousand dollars.
The brothers go  they should not go there.
Because the sheriff tells them.
There they find.
The man who paid them off also uses the mission to store stolen loot.
The brothers try to trick the local monks.
Bambino beat the outlaws.
Actually planning to take the loot.
A group of Rangers show up.
One thinks.
He recognizes Bambino.
To allay his suspicions  Trinity gives the Ranger the stolen loot.
The brothers escape and run yet again.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Shane Cooper  a young police officer  relocates.
He is shown hostility from Old Bill  the head of the police force  for being unable to find his gun and getting shot on duty.
When he could nt bring himself to fire his weapon.
The police learn.
Jimmy Conway  a convicted murderer who was arrested  has escaped from prison.
Knowing.
Jimmy will return to seek revenge  Old Bill orders his officers and a group of civilians to arm themselves and shoot Jimmy on sight.
Old Bill s men prove to be no match.
Who effortlessly kills officers and armed civilians.
The convict encounters Shane but lets.
Him live.
He confronts Bill.
When Shane finds Old Bill.
Jimmy spared his life and learns that Bill has refused to call from a nearby town.
Shane draws his gun  but again finds himself unable to fire it and is subsequently knocked out and handcuffed to a table.
Shane escapes and uses a satellite phone.
Shane discovers Gleason on the verge of hanging himself   the farmer reveals.
When Shane talks.
Jimmy Conway is innocent.
The murder was the work   revenge for Jimmy s interference in a proposed railroad extension.
Who set fire after raping and killing his wife.
Would have gone.
Gleason informs Shane.
He has a written document.
Now knowing the real reason  Shane returns home to get his gun.
Jimmy returned.
Alice found while he was.
Old Bill sets stacks of hay on fire to attract Jimmy s attention.
Jimmy arrives and kills Bill s last remaining deputies  but is stopped.
When two arrive and hold him at gunpoint.
Shane also arrives and saves Jimmy.
He knows the truth.
The police backup arrives and confront Jimmy.
He prepares to get his revenge.
Jimmy kills Old Bill and is promptly shot by the police.
The seemingly mute Jimmy tells Shane.
His wife was pregnant.
<EOS>
MP Patti Jean Lynch is shot dead.
Investigating a break-in is killed in the getaway.
Jay Austin is sent to investigate.
He was Lynch s former partner  and is now a San Francisco police inspector.
He clashes.
Years ago  Austin and Lynch were partners.
Caldwell was their commanding officer.
Caldwell did nt support him.
When Austin arrested Colonel Paul Lawrence.
Austin was demoted and decided to get discharged from the army.
Austin and Caldwell since share a mutual dislike.
The murder investigation now casts suspicion.
Lynch was killed.
Lawrence is the registered owner  but claims.
He lost it.
Austin also learns.
The getaway car used was registered to a civilian named Arthur Peale  who is wealthy and owns a holding company that  in turn  owns other companies.
Austin tries to question Lawrence.
Caldwell intervenes.
This fuels Austin s suspicions.
Caldwell will do anything to protect a fellow officer.
If he is a killer.
Recognizing is  they uneasily team up to investigate the case.
Part is under Caldwell s jurisdiction at the Presidio and part.
Caldwell comments.
If the Tokarev bullet that killed Lynch matches a bullet fired earlier at the Presidio firing range  then Caldwell will arrange for Lawrence to surrender to Austin for arrest.
Caldwell and Austin visit Arthur Peale.
Who owned the car used.
Peale claims and had an alibi Lynch was shot.
The car was simply stolen.
But Caldwell noticed Vietnam-era paraphernalia.
Using his own contacts  Caldwell learns.
Peale was previously.
A spy and military advisor was there as an officer.
It becomes clear.
Lawrence and Peale knew each other.
Austin gets the ballistics report back.
Confirms that Lawrence s gun killed Lynch.
Ignoring his agreement  Austin corners Lawrence.
When he leaves the Presidio  resulting through San Francisco s Chinatown.
Ultimately  Lawrence is killed and run.
Caldwell is furious.
Austin disregarded their agreement.
Compounding their past tension  Caldwell is also upset.
Austin is dating his daughter  Donna.
Their relationship is rocky.
Caldwell confides  retired Sergeant Major Ross Maclure.
Who runs the Presidio s war museum.
It is revealed.
Caldwell was Maclure s lieutenant.
Caldwell was very green and relied heavily.
We learn.
Maclure saved an injured Caldwell and attacked a Vietcong platoon waiting to ambush American soldiers  for which he was awarded the Congressional Medal.
Caldwell s close friendship and affection for Maclure is demonstrated.
Caldwell and Austin both figure out.
The killer was trying to break into a storeroom to retrieve a bottle of spring water that was delivered earlier that day.
Delivered the water.
Who delivered the water  George Spota.
Caldwell recognizes the name.
Who served in Vietnam.
Austin confirms.
It was Spota s car that hit and killed Lawrence.
Caldwell learns.
The water company Spota works for is owned  thus confirming that Spota  Peale  and Lawrence were working together.
Austin and Caldwell follow Spota.
Spota makes a delivery.
Spota picks up a bottle of water.
Was transported from the Philippines.
Austin and Caldwell follow Spota and the bottle.
Unsure  Austin and Caldwell see the edges.
What is.
Spota  Lawrence and Peale all knew each other.
It appears  but accidentally left that water bottle.
Spota picked up a delivery from the Philippines.
He went back to retrieve it.
When he realized his mistake.
But Lynch surprised him breaking.
He shot her.
They see Maclure drive up.
As they figure this out.
Caldwell figures out.
Peale and Lawrence would have needed someone to carry out this smuggling.
Maclure had excellent contacts.
S.
Military. 
Spota and Peale open the water bottle.
Came  revealing that diamonds were smuggled inside.
Maclure comes in and surprises them.
Peale reveals Maclure did while.
Lawrence was blackmailing Maclure.
Peale tries to convince Maclure to let the smuggling operation continue.
But Maclure is disgusted and heartbroken over the death of Lynch.
He says.
The smuggling must stop.
Then is stripped by Peale s men.
Caldwell and Austin enter the water company to save him.
As Peale is about to kill Maclure.
A gun fight ensues.
Which Peale and his men are killed.
Maclure is fatally wounded.
Caldwell asks Austin to delay his police report to give Caldwell time to bury Maclure with his honor intact.
Austin agrees.
The final scene is.
Where Caldwell tearfully eulogizes Maclure.
Caldwell reconciles with Donna and grudgingly admits Austin into the family.
<EOS>
The film chronicles the romantic entanglements  past and present.
<EOS>
There lives a guy in the dumps.
His name is.
He s an actor.
Who s fairly.
He trusted a director.
He knew well and acted.
It flopped.
He persistently insisted.
All he got.
Was a mere grand s worth.
He also misses out.
He promised to do.
The future looks cloudy.
Gyung-soo goes down to meet an old friend.
Who s a writer.
They go out.
Gyung-soo s friend introduces him.
She suddenly hits on Gyung-soo and on the spur of the moment.
They hit it off and go.
But no one knew.
Gyung-soo s writer friend liked Myung-soo even though he never revealed his true feelings.
Gyung-soo s relationship turns sour.
Myung-sook becomes obsessively infatuated.
Gyung-soo tries to put his bad memories behind him and gets on a train headed for Gyungjoo City.
Sitting next on the train is a woman named.
Who entices him.
He chases and stops her.
She gets off the train.
She gives him mixed signals.
Gyung-soo follows.
He brews up enough courage to knock.
This time Gyung-soo becomes infatuated.
<EOS>
Alex Pearson is an avid Lemon Oaks High School hockey player.
Who is seeking the attention.
All is a car.
He wants.
His father refuses to buy him.
Until his ` attitude  improves.
Alex s chances of getting a car majorly decreases.
He has to do chores and babysit his little sister  Emily.
Order to get the car.
He unexpectedly becomes the new unofficial leader while masquerading under the alias Mrs Zamboni.
The Bumble Bee troop has to work to be able to attend the Camporee  the most important Bumble Bee event  by selling cookies and completing various badges.
Originally the badges are made up for doing his chores.
Alex helps them get real badges.
It gets them disqualified.
He also stands up for the other Den Mothers to Dina  a very controlling Den Mother.
The Bumble Bees and Alex finally earn enough to attend the event.
Alex accidentally reveals himself  to win the game.
When   he puts himself in  still disguised as Mrs Zamboni.
Doing so disqualifies his troop  alienates his best friend  and disappoints his sister and father.
Afterwards  Emily refuses to talk.
His father refuses to punish him  knowing.
Alex will punish himself.
Alex learns.
She used to be a Bumble Bee herself and that his mother  who had died two years ago  was.
Alex makes a deal with her to help out around the house in exchange for her being the new Den Mother.
She convinces them to forgive Alex.
Who goes.
There  he apologizes and offers captain to Goose.
Who refuses  saying he wants Alex to be the real captain.
Alex acts as a distraction instead of hogging the puck to himself  allowing his team to win.
He sacrifices the winning shot  causing Goose to get the All-Star spot.
Alex wanted.
The Bumble Bees show up  Matisse forgives Alex and reveals.
They want Alex to be their Den Mother  to which Alex accepts.
Alex is forced to put on the Bumble Bee uniform.
Order to be the Den Mother.
Dina  his rival  sends her husband to put a stop.
What he s doing.
Instead  the man   is impressed and offers him a spot on the All Star team.
Who was the referee responsible suspension.
Alex accepts as long.
It works.
<EOS>
The United States Army Air Forces plan to retaliate for the Pearl Harbor attack by bombing Tokyo and four other Japanese cities.
Lt.
Col.
James Doolittle  the leader  assembles a volunteer force of aircrews.
Who begin their top-secret training.
The story goes on to describe the raid s aftermath.
The Hornet s task force is discovered.
En route.
The bombers are forced to take off.
All but one of the B-25s run out of fuel before reaching their recovery airfields in China.
Their crews are forced to either bail out over China or crash-land along the coast.
Lawson s B-25 unexpectedly crashes.
He and his crew survive  but then face tremendous hardships and danger while being escorted by friendly Chinese.
Lawson suffered serious injuries.
When the aircraft crashed  requiring the mission s flight surgeon to amputate one.
The story ends.
<EOS>
Suburban girl Megan gets.
When she moves.
A nerdy street boy named.
Thomas is passionate.
He is stuck working.
Who only loves food.
Megan later befriends Thomas  ghetto sister Charity.
Who has a baby but also poor parenting skills.
Charity has her own issues dealing.
Who also is a bad parent.
They become dance partners and begin to fall and start dating.
Megan and Thomas spend more time together.
<EOS>
The evil emperor Shao Kahn opens a portal to the Earthrealm and has reclaimed his queen Sindel.
Who is Kitana s long-dead mother.
Earthrealm is therefore.
Liu Kang and the others must fight to prevent.
Kahn kills Johnny Cage by breaking his neck.
The remaining Earthrealm warriors must regroup and think to defeat Shao Kahn.
An emotionally guilt-ridden Sonya enlists the help.
Kitana and Liu Kang search named Nightwolf  who seemingly knows the key to defeating Kahn.
They run afoul of the cyborg Smoke.
Kitana and Liu Kang dispatch him.
Scorpion suddenly appears  attacks Sub-Zero  and kidnaps Kitana.
Raiden meets and asks them.
Why Kahn was allowed to break the tournament rules and force his way  and how he can be stopped.
The answers are sparse and ambiguous  one says.
He receives.
Reuniting Kitana is the key to breaking Kahn s hold on Earthrealm.
Another Elder God insists.
The defeat is the solution.
Raiden is then asked about his feelings and obligations towards the mortals.
What he would be willing to do to ensure their survival.
Liu Kang finds Nightwolf.
Who teaches him  a form of shapeshifting which utilizes the caster s strengths and abilities.
To achieve the mindset needed to acquire this power  Liu Kang must pass three tests.
The first is a trial.
The second comes.
Manifests itself.
Liu Kang resists Jade s advances.
Impresses her.
She offers her assistance.
Liu Kang accepts Jade s offer and takes her to the Elder Gods  temple.
Where he and his friends are to meet Raiden.
The third test is never seen.
The Earthrealm warriors reunite with a newly shorn Raiden.
Who explains that he has sacrificed his immortality to freely fight.
Together  they head to rescue Kitana and reunite her with Sindel.
Liu Kang sneaks into Kahn s castle and rescues Kitana.
The others find Sindel.
Unfortunately  Sindel remains.
She escapes.
A trio ambush the heroes  while Jade reveals herself to be a mole sent by Kahn to disrupt the heroes  plans.
Raiden then reveals.
Shao Kahn is his brother  and that Elder God Shinnok is their father.
He realizes.
Shinnok had lied and is supporting Kahn.
Raiden and the Earthrealm warriors make their way to the final showdown with Kahn and his generals.
Shinnok demands.
Raiden submit and restore their broken family  at the expense of his mortal friends.
Raiden refuses and is killed from Shao Kahn.
Jax  Sonya  and Kitana emerge victorious  but Liu Kang struggles with Kahn.
The early going is rough.
His Animality barely proves effective.
Shinnok attempts to intervene and kill Liu Kang.
Two arrive  having uncovered Shinnok s treachery.
They declare.
The fate shall be decided in Mortal Kombat.
Liu Kang finally defeats Kahn.
Shinnok is banished.
Earthrealm reverts.
She reunites with Kitana.
Raiden is revived.
Who bestow.
The Earthrealm heroes return home triumphant.
<EOS>
Some months  Jason Voorhees remains dead and chained to a rock at the bottom of Crystal Lake.
Ten year-old Tina Shepard hears her alcoholic father physically abusing her mother.
The emotional trauma unlocks Tina s previously latent telekinetic powers.
Causes the boating dock  drowning him in Crystal Lake.
Ten years later  Tina is still struggling and has lived in a series of mental institutions ever since.
Her mother  Amanda Shepard  and her therapist  Dr Crews convene.
Unbeknownst  Dr Crews actually intends to exploit Tina s anguish to study her abilities   Crews continually needles her to keep her stress levels high.
Tina s powers lash out.
Tina begrudgingly cooperates with the tests.
Meanwhile  several teenagers are residing to surprise their friend Michael for his birthday.
Most do not get long with each other  a bookworm named Maddy  the perky Robin  inept science-fiction writer Eddie  a stoner named David  an uptight Ivy League student named Russel and his girlfriend Sandra  Ben with his girlfriend Kate  and a snobbish socialite named Melissa.
Michael s cousin Nick is smitten and attempts to befriend her  much to Melissa s chagrin.
Tina  eager to forge normal relationships  attempts to make friends with the others  with mixed results.
Tina flees the house to the dock to grieve and senses the presence of Jason s severely decayed body in the lake.
Mistaking it  she focuses her powers and inadvertently resurrects Jason and frees him.
Tina faints.
He swims to shore unobserved   Crews dismisses the incident.
Hearing the story.
Michael s car breaks down en route and are killed  he later kills another couple at their campsite.
When Jason comes.
Tina has a vision and discovers the tent spike used to kill them embedded in the porch door  she finds it missing and doubts her sanity.
When she tries to show Crews the evidence.
Jason begins to kill Michael s friends.
They venture outside.
Dr Crews  meanwhile  has suspicions.
It is revealed he has hidden the tent spike  and goes in the woods  where he comes across Michael s body wedged in a tree.
He returns to find and discovered his motives.
Mrs Shepard has read his notes.
Desperate to get away  Crews cancels the trip and intends to take Tina back to have her committed and drugged.
Tina overhears the argument and flees.
She has a vision and veers off the road.
Mrs Shepard and Dr Crews discover her car and go to find her.
Jason kills Ben and Kate   Jason enters the vacation cabin to murder the remaining teens.
Melissa abruptly cancels a feigned affair and leaves in search of Nick.
Tina and Nick reunite and discover Michael s body.
They return and discover evidence of Crews  deception  and Jason s true identity.
Nick runs next door to warn his friends  but finds them all dead.
Tina runs to find her mother  unaware.
Jason has killed both her and Dr Crews.
She finds Jason s victims strewn  including the body of her mother.
Tina returns and finds Jason waiting for her.
Distraught over the events  she focuses her rage and attacks Jason.
A house-wide battle ensues.
-- including electrocution -- Jason proves impervious to their lethality.
Eventually Tina collapses the porch roof and assumes him dead.
She returns to find Nick and Melissa.
Melissa is unnerved.
Jason kills her and pursues Nick and Tina through the house.
She opens the door.
Tina fights back  eventually splitting his mask and throwing him into the basement.
Where she uses her powers to immolate him.
The fire grows out.
Nick rescues her.
They escape the house.
Jason survives the blast and attacks them  knocking Nick unconscious and incapacitating Tina.
Tina reaches out with her mind as before.
Her resurrected father bursts and wraps Jason s old chains around his neck and drags him into the lake  ultimately drowning him.
The following morning  firefighters douse the remaining blaze and find Jason s mask.
Nick wakes up and anxiously asks about Jason.
Tina tells him.
We took care as the ambulance drives off to town.
An alternate ending filmed but cut  showed Jason rising from the water and attacking a fisherman in his boat dragging him under.
<EOS>
A serial killer is brought by his victims and burned alive on.
What is now known.
Years later  a faceless killer begins slaughtering the townspeople.
Losing her friends and family  Nicole Becker decides to go with all.
She has got.
Double machetes  shotguns  dual handguns  and even a chain gun are all part.
<EOS>
Arun and Parvathi give an interview.
But they fight.
Before the interview gets over.
Then the movie rewinds 5 months earlier.
Arun meets Parvathi.
Soon they become friends.
Parvathi s mother  Saroja breaks up.
Parvathi lives.
They break up.
Time progresses.
The reason is not revealed.
Arun s friend Vignesh tries to propose his junior Rashmi.
But Rashmi address s Vignesh.
She introduce her lover.
Who is Vignesh s senior.
Arun tries to recover.
Arun s friend calls him.
Cathy starts friendly chat.
Cathy wishes to help Arun and asks him.
They broke up.
Arun says.
He does nt have any reason and that is his problem.
Becomes friendly with Arun  Misunderstanding crops up between Cathy and John.
Meanwhile Akilan approaches Prabhu.
Prabhu Akilan to reunite after knowing.
Who is Arun s father advice.
Akilan is Parvathi s Father.
Akilan and Saroja unite.
Consequently  John realize.
Arun and Cathy are just being friendly.
He reunites.
She realizes this and tells this and accepts his true love.
Rashmi realize that his lover is a playboy.
Parvathi and Arun reunite after a silly quarrel in the same canteen.
They met earlier.
<EOS>
Woody Woodpecker  tired and perspiring  is walking down a dusty road.
Hearing a stagecoach approaching  he stands.
The stage passes him.
He opens his suitcase.
Contains an assortment.
Woody transforms himself by putting on artificial limbs  a wig and a dress.
Wally Walrus  driver  approaches Woody in the road.
Woody coyly lifts his skirt to display the shapely limbs.
Wally quickly stops the stage.
Woody enters.
Woody  a sumptuous meal from Wally  now dresses as a waiter.
Woody s wig falls off.
Wally realizes his mistake.
He hands Woody a check.
Woody and Wally argue.
Wally pulls a lever.
Ejects Woody.
Woody jumps and runs away.
Woody then drives the stagecoach and meets the real Buzz Buzzard the Bandit.
Buzz forces Woody to drive.
Woody  again disguised  causes Buzz s heart to flutter.
He hastens to put his house  dress in full dress and silk hat  and get ready to welcome Woody.
A giant commotion emanates.
Woody rushes out the door.
Woody jumps  with Buzz making a close second.
<EOS>
Ivor Hartley and Irene are leaving the homecoming dance.
The couple take a shortcut.
Where they begin to make out.
Irene wants to stop.
Ivor attempts to rape her.
She manages to injure him however.
He leaves.
Benjamin Hartley attacks her  hitting her and killing her.
Irene makes her way out.
It is revealed he sees using the shortcut.
Benjamin has growing health issues  and eventually begins.
Ivor  and the rest then hide him away from the rest of the world  by shackling him to the basement by a chain around his neck.
Present day - Derek has recently moved and has befriended the feisty Lisa and Mark.
Taken a liking.
Meanwhile   Tobey tells a few of his classmates.
He got kicked out for fighting.
The kids then dare Tobey to go.
Which he does alone.
He comes.
Tobey makes his way along.
Who threatens him  causing him to run off.
Arriving home  Derek finds his brother Tobey covered.
Tobey tells Derek  prompting Derek to go investigate  however he has to leave to go to the fast food place.
He and Mark work.
Mark proceeds to tell Derek.
When Derek tells Mark.
Who presumably killed people.
That night Derek returns home.
Whom the family have moved in.
Derek s mom urges Derek to set a good example.
The next morning  Derek voices his opinions from having to move to a new town again.
Derek makes a move.
He is approached.
Taylor tells him his dog and believes.
Has gone missing.
The old man has killed his dog.
The pair makes an arrangement to go together.
Derek asks his Grandma about the shortcut  she warns him never to go there.
Derek s mom then tells him.
The old man is that last member of the Hartley family still alive  and says she thinks he just wants to be left alone.
Taylor arrives.
Derek and Taylor go.
They come out and sneak into his garage.
Where they find dog collars.
None belong to Taylor s dog.
The old man appears.
They flee.
The next day  the group become determined to prove the old man is killing dogs.
Derek and Lisa attempt to go back  however the pairs plans are foiled.
When the old man does not leave his house.
Derek is startled to see the old man.
Derek is unable to determine.
The old man recognizes him.
He leaves soon.
Christy then arrives.
She too spots the old man.
Derek manages to get an intrigued Christy s number  so she can help.
Derek witnesses Mark being attacked and murdered  was pulling a prank.
She leaves.
It s revealed Mark.
The next day   Mark  Lisa and Taylor have met up with Derek.
Taylor tells them  so he spends every Friday night.
A friend s dog has also gone missing and that the old man is a veteran.
They make a plan to spy on the old man at the memorial hall.
The other three go to investigate his house.
Tobey then enters.
Where Lisa teases him.
Derek and Christy bond realize.
They make out and then.
The old man has arrived.
Derek phones the others to go.
Mark  Lisa and Taylor go and break into the old mans house.
Mark and Lisa find a room.
Where Benjamin was presumably home schooled.
Mark and Taylor then go.
Meanwhile  Christy and Derek realize.
The old man is leaving however they can not get the others.
Derek then realizes  so they quickly begins to drive.
They must beat the old man back.
Mark and Taylor discover.
An old man  revealed to be Benjamin  shackled by a chain that is padlocked around his neck.
Benjamin pleads.
Them to help him before the old man arrives back home.
Lisa  Mark and Taylor take Benjamin and depart the house  but leave Benjamin bound by the chain around his neck.
The chain restricts him.
They reach the shortcut.
Taylor grabs the sledgehammer to break the chain.
Benjamin and Mark hold the chain tight.
Benjamin yanks the chain  bringing Mark s hand  horribly disfiguring it.
Taylor swings the sledgehammer.
Taylor tends.
Lisa attempts to get a signal.
Suddenly Benjamin hits Taylor  killing him.
Mark attempts to crawl away.
He too is killed.
Lisa runs away.
Benjamin manages to break the chain.
Derek and Christy arrive and find a distraught Lisa they need to leave.
Who warns them.
Just then  the old man  revealed  arrives and crashes into the back of Derek and Christy s car and then tried to shoot them.
Derek and Christy then flee the car and head.
Lisa is shot.
Derek urges Christy to escape.
He helps Lisa to run.
She becomes lost.
Christy runs deeper.
Suddenly she is attacked.
They fall.
Derek and Lisa run.
Derek manages to climb out  but is unable to help Lisa out.
Lisa hides but is spotted.
Derek knocks  allowing Lisa to escape.
She is about to be shot.
Again running  the two stumble upon Benjamin and has her bound by the neck with the remaining length of chain.
Who has captured Christy.
Is also still attached.
Derek attempts to save her.
Benjamin breaks Christy s neck  killing her.
Derek attacks Benjamin and is stabbed.
Derek quickly finds the sledgehammer and braces himself to hit Benjamin.
Ivor turns up  he warns Derek not to hit Benjamin.
Derek can hit Benjamin.
Ivor shoots Benjamin.
Derek is about.
Saying he can no longer deal.
Ivor then shoots himself  allowing Derek and Lisa to make their way out.
Lisa becomes unable to walk due checks on it.
Lisa is stabbed by Tobey.
They are about to continue on.
Derek is shocked but then says.
He is disappointed for allowing this to happen again  and reveals that Tobey murdered their father.
The two brothers then begin to drag Lisa s body.
Derek reassures Tobey.
They will be able to cover up her death  possibly implying that they both will follow the same legend that Ivor and Benjamin did.
<EOS>
A naive  rambunctious  overly enthusiastic and socially inept cowboy  Beauregard  and his friend and father-figure Virgil take the bus to Phoenix  Arizona  to participate in a rodeo.
Virgil has encouraged the 21-year-old virgin  Bo  to take an interest.
Initially reluctant and frightened  Bo declares.
He hopes to find an angel and will know her when he sees her.
Making trouble everywhere they go  he continues his bad behavior.
There he imagines himself  Cherie  a talentless but ambitious performer from the Ozarks with aspirations of becoming a Hollywood star.
Her rendition entrances.
Him and he forces her outside   kisses her and thinks that means they re engaged.
Cherie is physically attracted but resists his plans to take her back to Montana.
She has no intention and tells him so.
He s too stubborn to listen.
The next day  Bo intends to marry Cherie.
She escapes.
He tracks her down  and forces her.
They stop at Grace s Diner  the same place.
The bus stopped to Phoenix.
Cherie tries to make another getaway  but the road ahead is blocked.
Bo is asleep.
The bus wo nt be leaving at all.
They re all stranded there.
The bus driver  the waitress and the cafe owner all have learned.
Bo is kidnapping and bullying the girl.
Virgil and the bus driver fight him.
He promises to apologize to Cherie and leave her alone.
He  however  is unable to do.
Because he s humiliated.
The next morning  the storm has cleared.
Everybody is free to go.
Bo finally apologizes to Cherie and begs her forgiveness.
He wishes her well and prepares to depart.
Cherie approaches him and confesses he thinks.
She s had many boyfriends and is not the kind.
She is.
Bo confesses his lack to her.
Bo asks to kiss her goodbye.
They share their first real kiss.
All Cherie wanted was respect.
She d previously told the waitress when they sat together.
This new Bo attracts Cherie.
He accepts her past and this gesture touches her heart.
She tells him she ll go anywhere.
Virgil decides to stay behind.
Cherie reminds him.
When Bo tries to coerce him to go.
He ca nt force Virgil to do what he wants.
Having finally apparently learned his lesson  Bo offers Cherie his jacket and gallantly helps her.
<EOS>
Night  Bonnie and Leith Von Stein are violently attacked and stabbed by home intruders.
Bonnie barely survives.
Her husband does not.
The investigation  takes an unexpected twist.
Who could do such a thing.
When Bonnie s son Chris Pritchard becomes a prime suspect.
Police theorize.
It is possible Chris provided two friends with a detailed map to the Von Stein family s home  resulting in his mother and stepfather being assaulted while Chris and his sister Angela were in their own bedrooms in the house.
The savagery leads Bonnie to hire attorney Bill Osteen to represent Chris  inasmuch.
She finds it impossible.
He could have played a role.
The more police investigate  however  the more Osteen tries to prepare Bonnie.
Her stepson may indeed be involved.
And she has been telling.
Even Angela may know more than.
<EOS>
Captain Dandy Forsdyke is a habitual criminal.
Who ca nt resist a tempting robbery.
His gifts are.
However  he is engaged.
Who wants him to go straight before they marry.
He desperately wants to quit  but is always lured back into another crime by his associates.
Babette comes.
Who help hardened thieves go straight.
Founded  and funded by a generous legacy  they have an excellent track record.
Babette agrees to help them cure Forsdyke.
Forsdyke is picked up by a Crooks Anonymous man Brother Widdowes disguised as a policemen  and taken to the Crooks Anonymous headquarters.
Confronted  Forsdyke admits.
He wants to give up crime and marry Babette.
They begin to interrogate him  and discover.
He is a habitual liar  whose real name is Cox  who has never seen military service.
Widdowes and Montague embark Forsdyke.
They begin.
Contain cigarettes  food  drink and a number which make opening them a hazardous business.
Forsdyke is beginning to crack.
Nonetheless he fails a test to see.
How much progress he has made  reverting as soon as he is outside.
Forsdyke finally passes the test and is released into society.
He moves  gets a job working as Father Christmas in a department store and refuses an offer by one of his old pals to go back into criminality.
However  he passes out and finds himself alone in the department store  with # 250000 of takings near him in the safe.
Forsdyke breaks  calls Crooks Anonymous for help.
They send their two top men.
Who also cave.
They call for the Chairman.
Who arrives.
Confronted  the five of them decide to steal the money and split it among themselves.
They make good their escape  watchmen and head through the streets.
They go to be confronted by an outraged Babette.
Who demands they put the money back.
Grudgingly they agree.
She threatens to call Scotland Yard and inform them.
They successfully manage to return the money  unfortunately triggering an alarm.
Brings the night watchmen out.
They breathe a sigh of relief.
Forsdyke marries Babette.
They make her a Sister of Crooks Anonymous for keeping them all honest.
<EOS>
The story is set and takes place mainly at a Catholic family home.
Where Steven and his wife Nancy live.
It is the day and.
When the story opens.
Steven and Nancy plan to purchase a flat and move away from the parental home.
Steven s brother Brian  a renowned novelist living  would rather spend his money on a First Class airline ticket to Goa than help finance the funeral  leaving Steven to cover the burial expenses.
He struggles to complete a eulogy.
Guests begin to arrive.
Everyone expects Brian the writer will be the one to deliver some appropriate remarks.
Steven s cousin Maria and her boyfriend Michael are desperate to make a good impression.
Their hopes are dashed.
When Maria  hoping to calm Michael s nerves  gives him what she believes is Relaxo but actually is a designer hallucinogenic drug manufactured  Harry.
Michael begins to feel its effect.
A short man named.
Andrew introduces himself and suggests they talk later.
None can identify the man.
The service begins.
The hallucinating Michael  certain  tips it over  allowing the body to spill out.
He hears scratching noises.
Maria and Harry drag Michael outside.
Where their father forbids Maria to marry Michael.
He panics and locks himself.
When Micheal is told why he is reacting as he is.
Maria tries to persuade him to open the door.
Who has a crush.
He steps out.
When the drug overcomes Michael.
Thinking reflects mutual feelings  he proceeds to climb.
What he sees.
Where he threatens to jump.
Hoping to calm him  Maria reveals.
She is pregnant.
Andrew meets privately and reveals.
Most are caught up in Michael s seeming insanity.
He was their father s lover.
Unhappy he was left nothing  Andrew reveals photographs.
Prove his relationship  and attempts to blackmail the family.
.
The brothers panic and bind and gag Andrew.
Steven s best friend Carlos enters the room and asks.
What they are doing.
The brothers quickly lie.
To calm him down they give him the Relaxing drug.
They also believe is Relaxo.
Harry then enters and seees Carlos holding the Relaxo bottle and freaks out.
Carlos  Brian  and Steven gave Andrew three highly hallucinogenic pills.
Somehow  Andrew manages to free himself.
All four boys are busy trying to calm their guests.
He jumps repeatedly on the sofa before falling and hitting his head on a glass coffee table  Harry and Carlos can not feel a pulse  so they believe Andrew to be dead.
Forced to dispose as quickly and surreptitiously as possible  Steven and Brian decide to place it in the casket with their father.
The service resumes.
Steven s awkward eulogy is interrupted.
When the still very-much-alive Andrew who leaps fall out of his pocket for everyone  including the widow  to see.
Steven demands everyone stay calm and declares.
His father was a good man  although clearly one.
He delivers a loving tribute.
Later Andrew reveals.
He is not a lover.
It was a made up story.
Maria s father agrees  Harry decides to give up his drug habit  Jenny stops accusing Carlos of cheating on her.
She and Micheal should get married.
Brian agrees to take his widowed mom to live in Mumbai.
<EOS>
It is a story.
Somewhere  they realize.
They want more.
They want to touch the sky.
Through their insecurities  anxieties  and dilemmas they find.
Friendship and dedication leads them  beyond the darkness that temporarily blinds each of them.
Aasma has a bunch but then luck has been eluding them for quite a while.
They are unable to get offers to play.
This leads.
Then its main sponsor backs out.
This makes them fall on.
The group tries to overcome several hurdles.
All  it is discovered.
The main character Shubh discovers that he is affected.
Here onwards  it is.
To live life normally.
Do they cope up the rest of the story.
<EOS>
Ten people are promised a dream job.
Pays 112000 Yen necessary.
They are then taken and locked up  in a murderous game.
Will last.
<EOS>
The wealthy Mrs Teasdale insists that Rufus T.
Firefly be appointed leader.
She will continue to provide much-needed financial backing.
Meanwhile  neighboring Sylvania is attempting to take over the country.
Sylvanian ambassador Trentino tries to foment a revolution  woos Mrs Teasdale  and attempts to dig up dirt by sending in spies Chicolini and Pinky.
Chicolini and Pinky infiltrate the government.
When Chicolini is appointed Secretary after Firefly sees him on the street selling peanuts.
Meanwhile  Firefly s personal assistant  Bob Roland suspects Trentino s questionable motives  and counsels Firefly to get rid by saying something to make him mad.
He ll strike you.
We ll force him to leave the country.
Firefly agrees.
The plan backfires and Firefly slaps Trentino instead.
The two countries reach the brink of war.
Adding is the fact.
Firefly is also wooing Mrs Teasdale  and likewise hoping to get his hands.
Trentino learns.
Freedonia s war plans are to steal them.
Chicolini is caught and put on trial.
Which war is officially declared.
Everyone is overcome  breaking into song and dance.
The trial put aside  Chicolini and Pinky join Firefly and Bob Roland  resulting in general mayhem.
The end finds Trentino caught in makeshift stocks  with the Brothers pelting him with fruit.
Trentino surrenders.
Firefly tells him to wait.
They run out.
Mrs Teasdale begins singing the Freedonia national anthem.
The Brothers begin hurling fruit instead.
Pinky  dressed as Firefly  pretends to be Firefly s reflection in a missing mirror  matching his every move -- including absurd ones -- to near perfection.
Begin out.
Particularly surreal moment  the two men swap positions  and thus the idea of.
Is a reflection.
Eventually  and  Chicolini  also disguised as Firefly  enters the frame and collides with both of them.
The concept did not originate in this film.
Its appearance is the best known instance.
Charlie Chaplin used it.
This scene has been recreated many times.
Meanwhile  the exterior view they are occupying changes appearance from a bunker to an old fort  etc.
Firefly assures his generals.
He has a man.
Sure enough  Pinky is wandering out wearing a sandwich board sign reading  Join the Army and see the Navy.
Later  Chicolini volunteers Pinky to carry a message  Firefly tells him  -LSB-  -RSB- and remember   we ll be in here thinking.
You re out there risking life and limb.
What a sucker you are.
Thomas Doherty has described this line ming -RSB- up the Great War cynicism towards all things patriotic.
Chico and Harpo harass a lemonade seller  egged on.
They have stolen his pitch.
First  there is a scene involving the knocking off  dropping  picking up and exchanging.
Later  Kennedy steals bags.
Harpo responds  in return  Kennedy pushes over their peanut wagon.
Harpo responds.
Where he imitates a stereotypical Italian grape-crushing peasant.
Just.
The Mirror Scene is the Radio Scene.
Harpo tries the combination.
Proves to be a radio.
It starts blaring the break-up strain.
The music continues to silence  and finally destroy  the radio.
Harpo often doffed his hat.
Chico very rarely removed his Tyrolean hat.
When indoors.
Chico s head is uncovered  revealing a wavy wig.
Chico had already started going bald  I ll Say She Is.
When the brothers appeared.
All were similar.
Harpo and Chico covered theirs.
<EOS>
Rajni is a big-time thief robbing money.
He is capable.
It is.
His girlfriend Madhavi is a singer and a dancer.
One day Rajni get caught.
He goes.
There he meets Vijaykumar.
Who lost all his wealth.
Vijaykumar wants Rajni to rob the house.
Where Sundarsan has hidden the money.
<EOS>
Katya Morgan is a rich  pampered heiress.
Who spends her days shopping  partying  and chasing guys.
She is disinherited by her father.
Katya takes a job as a maid at the plush swank Royal Palmetto hotel in Scottsdale  Arizona.
But  Katya learns.
When she falls.
Getting what you do nt want can sometimes be the best reward.
<EOS>
Predator  a Predator spaceship is leaving Earth carrying dead Aliens  living facehuggers  and the body.
Defeated the Alien queen.
A chestburster erupts  it is a new creature.
Is a hybrid.
It quickly matures and begins killing Predators throughout the ship.
A Predator s weapons fire punctures.
The hull and the ship crashes.
The hybrid and several facehuggers escape  implanting embryos into a nearby father and son and into several homeless people living in the sewers.
A distress signal reaches.
The Predator home world and a lone Predator responds  traveling and using its advanced technology to observe the cause of the crash and to track the facehuggers.
It begins to erase the evidence by destroying the crashed ship and using a blue liquid to dissolve the bodies of the facehuggers and their victims.
Meanwhile  ex-convict Dallas Howard has just returned after serving time in prison.
He is greeted with his younger brother Ricky.
Ricky has a romantic interest and is being harassed by her boyfriend Dale and two of his friends.
Kelly OBrien has also just returned after service in the military  and reunites with her husband Tim and daughter Molly.
The Predator fights a number in the sewers.
Disperse. 
The battle reaches the surface several.
The Predator pursues some.
Where collateral damage causes a city-wide power outage.
Ricky and Jesse meet but are interrupted by Dale and his cohorts.
As the power fails.
An Alien enters the building  killing Dale s friends.
Another Alien invades the OBrien home  killing Tim.
Kelly escapes.
Kelly  Molly  Ricky  Jesse  Dale  Dallas  and Sheriff Morales meet to gather weapons.
Troops arrive but are quickly killed by the Aliens.
Dale is killed.
When the battle enters the store.
The Predator s shoulder cannons are damaged  it is able to modify one.
They make radio contact.
The survivors attempt to escape Gunnison.
Who indicates that an air evacuation is being staged.
Kelly is suspicious.
Where they hope to escape.
Sheriff Morales heads with the rest of the surviving citizens.
The hospital  however  has been invaded.
The Predator soon arrives.
Jesse is killed  Ricky is injured.
Dallas takes possession.
Dallas  Ricky  Kelly  and Molly escape.
The battle reaches the rooftop.
The Predator battles the hybrid.
The two creatures mortally wound each other  it is a bomber  executing a tactical nuclear strike.
As a military jet arrives.
Destroys the entire city and kills all.
The shock wave causes the fleeing helicopter to crash.
Where the survivors are rescued.
The Predator s blaster cannon is confiscated and presented to a Ms.
Yutani.
<EOS>
Surfer  Dude is the story.
He refuses sponsorship.
<EOS>
A fast paced action thriller.
The film deals.
A teacher along fight corruption.
<EOS>
Satisfied  Merlin decides to go on vacation.
Order to rejuvenate.
This vacation nap is supposed to last a few months.
He finds.
When Merlin awakes.
He has slept.
He discovers a downtrodden place.
Almost all.
He knew.
The Holy Grail has departed.
However  Merlin s protective enchantments have held invaders.
A young thief named Jack and his tagalong pig Sir Snout stowaway entering Camelot  angering its driver Squire Brian.
Jack is no ordinary vagrant.
He possesses some rudimentary magical skills.
Jack enters the chamber and steals a pendant.
Yvonne enters and.
Jack hides  Master Graham  a local blacksmith whom she loves  visits her.
Jack then attempts to steal Merlin s wand.
Merlin concentrates.
Merlin senses the visitor  and at first evicts him  but later apprentices Jack.
A vision appears to both of them.
The only training is Merlin tempting Jack.
The film shows.
Seek a ring.
Was lost.
It is.
Jack learns the truth.
She disguises herself.
Order to avenge a wrong done.
Merlin suspects.
Something is afoul.
Merlin confronts Yvonne and her guardian Master Burton.
Later  Merlin sees a vision.
Touching the Grail s stand.
Which he learns the truth.
The Lady enchanted him and created Jack.
Thus  Jack s father is Merlin.
His mother is the Lady.
Barbarians threaten Camelot s door.
Knights want to use an enchanted cave.
Order to surprise the invaders  who they think are building a dam to drown the kingdom.
Jack agrees to lift Merlin s enchantment.
The knights find no construction.
The Barbarians directed by the Lady of the Lake enter the passage and breach Camelot s walls.
Are vulnerable.
Realizing the impending doom  Merlin tells Jack the truth.
Merlin then magics a bridge to safety and commands the townspeople  including Jack  to escape.
He breaks the spell to foil the pursuers.
Jack steps off the bridge.
Meanwhile  Merlin was left and is decapitated by Rauskaug  the leader of the barbarians.
The remaining people have traveled the countryside for several months  seeking the Grail while fleeing their enemy.
Jack is frustrated  so the Lady sends him a vision of the Grail s whereabouts.
His concentration does not give him insight.
The group goes there  to discover.
The water is cursed.
Several knights are murdered.
They attempt to swim.
Meanwhile  the Lady has told Rauskaug.
The barbarians begin their pursuit.
The film centers.
They believe prevent their reaching.
Yvonne s parents presented her.
This ruse is discovered.
When she begs Jack to explore her past.
It is discovered.
Master Burton and Lord Weston had oppressed the surrounding peoples.
This is the source.
Her family was robbed through such a contract.
Yvonne and Graham go.
Jack goes.
Jack and Brianna decide to give in to love and start to kiss.
They are caught kissing.
Jack tries to put it off.
Yvonne and Graham now know  they do nt tell anyone.
Brian is a girl.
Burton hopes to betroth Yvonne to a Scottish king and indenture the remaining citizens of Camelot to that lord for personal gain.
Yvonne and Jack reveal Burton and his wife s past treachery.
Jack hopes.
A trial will cleanse Camelot.
Instead Brianna takes justice and kills the pair as the barbarians approach.
Lord Weston accompanies Jack.
The two sides battle.
Jack parts the waterfall.
They enter the cave.
Jack warns Weston and advises him not to take the grail.
He is the true stain.
His impurity turns him.
When Weston touches it.
The Lady appears and offers Jack a chance to become powerful.
Instead he rejects his mother and makes a wish  Jack says.
The Grail may do what it wishes  if it will only end the destruction outside.
The Grail accepts this unselfish act  and reanimates the dead warriors.
Graham holds it aloft and promises.
A new Camelot will be built.
Graham and Yvonne marry.
Sir Snout tells Jack to speak the name of the land of the dead.
Order to see his father.
Jack goes.
The two are allowed to spend the time.
They did nt have.
The film concludes.
Jack and Brianna are now married.
The film ends.
When Jack picks up Brianna as she blows out a candle  ending the movie.
<EOS>
Stanley Baker stars.
Who investigates the past.
Lydia is suspected.
To ascertain the truth  it is necessary to rebuild agent Constantine and send his living counterpart.
He does nt remember anything.
When agent Constantine is rebuild.
<EOS>
Jota  a failed musician  is about to commit suicide.
Whose girlfriend has recently left him.
When a girl crashes off it.
Rushing to help her  he discovers.
She has lost her memory  even forgetting her name.
She is his girlfriend.
He invents an entire identity  giving her the name Lisa  and a history of their relationship according to his own fantasies.
He spirits her out of the hospital and away on a trip to the ` Ardilla Roja  campsite.
He claims they have been planning.
Their behaviour sparks the suspicions.
Their relationship becomes intimate.
It becomes clear.
She is hiding her own past secrets -- notably  the existence.
Who is rampaging.
La ardilla roja and issues.
<EOS>
Jin-woo is a firefighter.
Who buys a ring.
Her name is.
She works as a news translator for the deaf.
She is waiting to propose  with the rationale.
She likes the idea of him having to think of her  to hesitate for a while before jumping into danger.
He   is waiting for that perfect opportunity and setting  before popping the question.
Suk-hyun tells her unemployed boyfriend.
She needs a more stable guy who has a good job.
So Ha-seok goes off and finds himself a job helping other couples break up.
Ju-young is a mother.
Is too busy to spend time  until an illness confines her to a hospital bed.
There the mother and son begin to communicate more and more.
Soo-eun is a deaf girl.
Who works.
There she meets a young artist  yet she refuses to take off her mask.
Who she quickly begins to develop feelings.
<EOS>
Strawberry Shortcake  Housewarming Surprise chronicles Strawberry Shortcake s move.
Her friends  she met on a recent around the world vacation come to visit her.
The villains attempt to ruin the fun.
Strawberry s international friends bring.
<EOS>
The film has no screenplay per se  but three movements with different themes  Rotten Tomatoes website  Reviews and long article on Naqoyqatsi  with input and quotations from Godfrey Reggio and Philip Glass  Numerica.
Com  Language and place gives way.
Circus maximus  Competition  winning  records  fame  fair play and the love are elevated to the prime values of life.
Life becomes a game.
Rocketship twentieth century  A world.
Language can no longer describe.
The resulting explosive tempo is war  civilized violence.
<EOS>
Fantomas imposes a head tax on the rich  threatening to kill those.
Who do not comply.
Journalist Fandor and commissaire Juve are invited by Lord McRashley.
Lord McRashley  one  uses his castle as the headquarters to set up a trap for the menace called Fantomas.
<EOS>
This fictional story centers.
His father was killed.
His mother is hospitalized.
Ralph is naturally prone and often finds himself an outcast among his classmates.
He tries to emulate the conduct  and is caught smoking cigarettes and masturbating by headmaster Father Fitzpatrick.
Already labeled a troublemaker  Ralph is forced to join the school s cross country team to relieve him.
He is told.
When Ralph s mother falls.
It will take a miracle to survive.
Ralph decides to train in the hope.
When running coach Father Hibbert  a former world class marathoner who was forced to quit running when he injured his knee  claims it would be a miracle if a member won the Boston Marathon.
His victory would fulfill the miracle needed to save his mother s life.
Ralph can not even keep up with his teammates in practice.
He reads books to learn  uses the new techniques  and gradually improves.
Father Hibbert decides to train him from Father Fitzpatrick.
Ralph begins to win the respect  and eventually wins the attention of the local media.
When he wins a prestigious regional race.
He threatens to expel him  as well as remove Father Hibbert.
When Father Fitzpatrick learns Ralph intends to run the Boston Marathon.
He participates.
He try to interfere.
Both Ralph and his mentor must then decide.
How deeply they believe  and what is possible when a person risks everything without promise of success.
Both he and Father Hibbert defy Father Fitzpatrick and decide to go.
Ralph ends up winning second place and gives the medal to his mother.
Who wakes up.
<EOS>
Arly Jover plays Anna Heymes  a stylish 31 year old Parisian housewife.
Who experiences nightmares and hallucinations related.
A duo of policemen  the unorthodox Schiffer and the cautious officer Nerteaux  work to unravel the mystery surrounding the murders.
The plot thickens.
When Anna discovers that she has been subjected.
A series escalates into a confrontation with the Turkish mafia and the death of Anna s would-be assassin.
<EOS>
The film takes place.
Where Sorcery is commonplace.
People live.
An evil wizard  wishing to conquer the world  unleashes a seemingly unstoppable dragon onto the world to terrorize the peasant folk into submission.
The creature can withstand any attack  and appears indestructible.
However  a small resistance movement has formed to defeat the wizard utilizing the strength.
Can match the fire dragon.
<EOS>
Cuban brothers and musicians Cesar and Nestor Castillo flee from Havana  Cuba after getting into a violent dispute with the mobster owners of a club.
Where they performed.
Eventually ending up  the brothers work at menial jobs.
Attempting to revive their musical careers.
Where Cesar briefly crashes the act.
Who falls quickly.
Nestor   remains oblivious to other women.
Continually composing his ode.
He writes version.
One day he encounters Dolores  a shy but attentive young woman who wishes to become a schoolteacher.
They decide to get married.
When she becomes pregnant.
Fate intervenes one night.
Where the Castillo brothers have a part-time job.
Nestor s love ballad captures the interest of the customers.
Who turns out to be the Cuban bandleader and American television star Desi Arnaz.
Arnaz generously invites the struggling Castillos to sing and act on an episode of his smash sitcom series  I Love Lucy.
Fame does not last  however.
Nestor is not as ambitious more than to own his own small club.
He is  but lacks the passion.
He felt.
Cesar  meantime  suppresses his true feelings.
A woman would actually be perfect for him.
Cesar eventually reveals to Nestor.
Maria left him for cancelling a contract hit against Nestor.
There are tragic consequences one snowy night.
When the Castillo brothers  car veers.
Cesar   is barely hurt.
Nestor  having driven the car  is killed.
The life  shattered  is never the same.
To honor his brother s memory  Cesar opens his own small club.
Is well received.
Dolores pays him a visit and asks him to sing Nestor s song.
<EOS>
Luis Denard  a former concert musician  Charles Boyer  is a Nationalist.
He travels to secure supplies.
Where is threatened.
He finds unexpected help.
When he meets young socialite Rose Cullen  Lauren Bacall  whose Father  Lord Benditch  Holmes Herbert  is one.
Everything seems to go wrong.
When he s mugged  and laid out cold.
Not knowing  he enlists the aid.
Who to trust.
Then  he runs.
Whom the Bell Tolls.
It s a convoluted race.
<EOS>
A cross section enlists in the Aerial Nurse Corps during World War II.
The film shows their training.
<EOS>
The film starts.
When Sunshine Sicat  who is  but was too late for all the wedding guests went home.
Dindo helped a pregnant woman.
Who was.
He came and apologized and decided to have a civil wedding instead.
They have 5 sons and a daughter named Charlie.
Charlie meets Prince.
Her father Dindo refuses to have Prince.
However  her mother Sunshine prefers to have her daughter.
Be it.
Suddenly  Prince goes with his family.
He and Charlie decide to have a long-distance relationship.
Prince came and proposed.
Dindo is refusing to have his only daughter to marry  and did not stop meddling.
Prince did everything to impress Dindo.
Where he eventually relents.
Then came Prince s parents.
His mother Marlene started to have a close fight for the wedding preparations.
Dindo was having a problem with his jeepney terminal.
When a pregnant woman came again.
It was too late.
When Dindo and Prince arrived.
Dindo and Sunshine had a misunderstanding.
Prince and Charlie called-off their wedding.
Sunshine told Charlie.
Prince is leaving.
They rushed and followed Prince.
Where he proposed again and fell again.
Another surprise came  Dindo and Sunshine finally had their Church wedding.
The double wedding happened.
Marlene got both flowers.
<EOS>
Kipling is approached.
Working. 
Who reveals himself to be his old acquaintance Peachy Carnehan.
Peachy tells Kipling the story.
He and his comrade-in-arms Danny Dravot travelled  became gods  and ultimately lost everything.
A few years earlier  the pair had met Kipling at his office.
They achieved their grandiose aims.
They chance.
Who goes.
Billy speaks English as well as the local tongue.
It is he  acting.
Who smooths the path as they begin their rise.
Peachy and Danny muster a force to attack the villagers  most-hated enemy  the Bashkai.
The natives decide.
Danny must be a god when he is unharmed.
The arrow was stopped by a bandolier hidden beneath his clothing.
The defeated are recruited to join the swelling army.
Victory follows victory.
Finally  no one is left to stand.
They are summoned.
Where the chief high priest  Kafu Selim  sets up a re-enactment  in order to determine whether Danny is a man or a god by seeing whether or not he bleeds.
The monks grab him and rip open his shirt  only to be stopped however.
When Danny flinches.
The symbol on the Jewel matches a hidden symbol  known only to the highest holy man  of Sikander.
Who had passed before and promised to return.
The holy men are convinced.
Danny is the son.
They hail him and lead.
The two men down heaped with treasure that belonged to Sikander  which now belongs to Danny.
Peachy is anxious to leave.
The months pass.
Winter closes the passes.
Danny is  however  and develops delusions of grandeur.
First  he suggests that Peachy bow like the others.
Then he begins making plans to turn the land  to the extent.
He envisages eventually meeting Queen Victoria.
Disgusted  Peachy decides to take.
He can carry  with his old friend s blessing.
Meanwhile  Danny decides to take a wife  despite Peachy s strong warnings.
Roxanne  having a superstitious fear  tries frantically to escape  biting Danny.
She will be struck dead if she consorts.
The bite draws blood.
They realise.
When everyone sees it.
Danny is human.
The angry natives pursue him and Peachy.
Billy tries to buy time.
The pair are soon captured.
Danny is forced to walk  he apologises to Peachy.
The ropes are cut.
Peachy is crucified  but is cut down the next day.
When he survives the ordeal.
Eventually  he makes his way back.
His mind has become unhinged.
He presents Kipling  still wearing its crown  thereby proving.
Peachy finishes his story.
The tale is true.
<EOS>
Yo Yo is a 1920s billionaire.
Living  is not happy.
He is.
The stock-exchange crashes and makes him poor  and free.
He joins the circus.
Where is love interest is performing.
They have a son.
Who becomes a clown.
Later  the son becomes a successful actor star and uses his new wealth to buy back his father s castle.
<EOS>
Ricky Wanero is a male gigolo and stripper.
Sets out one day to defeat The Champ.
<EOS>
Their vessel encounters a shipwreck with an unconscious survivor  the young Will Turner.
Elizabeth hides a gold medallion  fearing.
Will is wearing.
It will identify him.
She glimpses a ghostly pirate ship  later identified.
Eight years later  Norrington is promoted.
He proposes.
Her over-tightened corset causes her to faint and fall.
She can answer.
It emits a small shockwave.
When the medallion she is wearing touches the seafloor.
The wind changes.
Pirate Captain Jack Sparrow arrives to steal a ship.
He rescues Elizabeth.
Norrington recognizes Jack and orders his arrest.
Jack ducks  encountering Will Turner  now an apprentice.
Jack is knocked unconscious and jailed  to be hanged the next day.
That night Port Royal is besieged  answering the medallion s pulse.
Elizabeth is captured and invokes parley.
She negotiates to stop attacking Port Royal in exchange for the medallion and claims to Captain Barbossa.
Her surname is Turner.
Barbossa agrees but keeps Elizabeth prisoner  believing.
She is the key.
Will   suggests making a deal to lead them to the Black Pearl.
Who loves Elizabeth.
Norrington refuses.
Will persuades Jack to help him rescue her.
Jack agrees.
Learning Will s surname is Turner  believing he can use Will to reclaim the Pearl.
Will and Jack commandeer the HMS Interceptor and recruit a crew with help from Jack s old friend  Joshamee Gibbs.
They set sail.
Jack knows the pirates will go there to break the curse.
Will learns Jack was once captain  questing for Aztec gold.
When Barbossa  Jack s first mate  mutinied and marooned him on an island.
Barbossa gave Jack a pistol with a single shot  intended for suicide.
Jack escaped three days later and kept the pistol  saving the bullet to kill Barbossa.
The pirates spent the treasure but learned.
It was cursed  turning them.
The curse can be lifted.
The coins and each pirate s blood is returned.
William Bootstrap Bill Turner  Jack s only supporter  sent a coin believing.
The crew should remain cursed.
Barbossa had Bootstrap tied and thrown overboard  only later to learn.
His blood was needed to break the curse.
Believing  anoints the last coin with her blood and drops it into the chest.
Elizabeth is Bootstrap s child.
The curse remains unbroken.
Will suspects and knocks him out.
Jack may betray him.
He rescues Elizabeth and they escape  leaving Jack behind.
Jack barters  offering Bootstrap Bill s child in exchange for the Pearl.
Barbossa rejects his offer and pursues the Interceptor.
Barbossa s crew sinks the Interceptor and imprisons the crew.
Will reveals.
He is Bootstrap Bill s son and demands that Elizabeth and the crew be freed.
He will shoot himself and fall overboard  foiling Barbossa s plan to break the curse.
Barbossa agrees but applies another loophole  marooning Elizabeth and Jack Jack had been marooned on ten years earlier.
Will is taken  to be killed to break the curse.
Elizabeth discovers  the island was used by rum runners and Jack bartered passage.
Jack escaped.
Elizabeth burns the cache to create a fire.
Norrington s ship spots.
She convinces Norrington to rescue Will.
Returning  Norrington sets an ambush.
Jack persuades Barbossa to form an alliance.
He tells him to delay breaking the curse.
They have taken Norrington s ship  the Dauntless.
Jack s plan goes awry.
When Barbossa orders his crew to infiltrate the Dauntless.
Meanwhile  Elizabeth sneaks and frees Jack s crew.
They leave such an encounter did arise.
Elizabeth heads and saves Will while Jack battles Barbossa  who reveals that he stole one of the medallions for himself in case.
Norrington spots his ship.
They reach the ship and attack the cursed pirates.
Jack shoots Barbossa drops the last two medallions  stained with his and Jack s blood  into the chest.
When Barbossa attempts to kill Elizabeth.
No longer immortal  Barbossa collapses and dies.
The now-mortal pirates.
Will attempts to rescue Jack from hanging.
Both are captured.
Jack jumps and swims to the newly-repaired Black Pearl.
Will is pardoned and allowed to marry Elizabeth.
The crew pulls Jack aboard  appointing.
Him captain.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Scooby Doo and the Mystery Inc.
Gang pick up hitchiking Gary Coleman.
The Mystery Machine soon proceeds to break down multiple times  finally leaving them stranded.
The show contained multiple references and gags.
Concluded  with Coleman pointing out all of the plot holes in the story.
Scooby interrupts him.
The episode ends.
<EOS>
A man  a charming English gentleman changes the lives.
Who run a near-bankrupt bed and breakfast.
He is beaten up and thrown off a yacht.
The three generations pick the bloodied man off a beach and offer him free board in return for fixing the place up and being the handy man.
Claire  widow  is initially unwilling to let the man in the house  partly due to the mystery around him caused by amnesia.
Her mother-in-law Ruth - who is recently retired and craving - insists on allowing the man to be in their house.
Claire s teenage daughter Cassie   names the man Adam.
Who is rebellious most of the time.
<EOS>
There are no Bhai s in Mumbai  a rookie named Surya lands in the country s commercial capital with an intention to become a Mafia Don.
His friend  Brahmaji receives him and brings him.
He offers.
Him shelter and tells him that he would soon fetch him a job so that he can settle down.
But Surya wants to carve an identity  by reorganizing Mumbai s Mafia Raj and eventually rule Mumbai.
He then mocks and gets his first bounty and then he forms a gang of his own.
Surya meets up.
Who is and offers him help.
Surya begins recruiting criminals and gangsters and starts to extort people for money.
He slowly gains momentum and in the process becomes popular and feared.
Meanwhile  he also knowingly tries to get romantically involved.
He actually falls for the girl and tries for her acceptance.
Surya become popular among Dharavi s locals.
He comes across.
His friendship gets stronger and so does his political connections.
Surya sets up a company named Surya Exports & Imports.
Would act that they indulge in.
Surya reveals his plan to grow his network.
He begins to set up branch offices & Imports in all major cities  towns and villages all over India.
He recruits local gangsters and begins to forcefully collect two percent tax on every contract done in that area.
Eventually Surya grows to be a billionaire and later reveals.
He never wanted money but only power.
He claims.
He believes and that the crime rate dropped significantly after he started to recruit all the gangsters.
He also states.
He wants to rid India and help the needy.
Surya also helps Laalu to become the Mayor by defeating Arun Ghokle.
Who is backed up.
Eventually Arun Ghokle goes to the police about Jai Dev s illegal activities.
Jai Dev kills the police commissioner.
Chitra becomes devastated.
Surya reveals.
He was an American born Indian who looses his philanthropist Non-resident Indian father.
His parents were the victims and were cheated and killed by Jai Dev.
This incident and the attitude made.
Him hate the society.
Achieving his goal he shifts his attention towards the upcoming Indian parliament elections.
He meets up with Guru Govind Patel  head of the opposition party.
He makes a deal and offers him INR35000 crores for election campaigning and also promises him.
He would make him the prime minister.
Surya uses the money and starts to make an impact.
He spends millions and also makes Jai Dev unable to contest in the elections.
Jai dev has kidnapped Chitra to seek revenge.
It is shown and is seen with Chitra.
He had successfully installed Guru Govind Patel.
Who accepts his love.
<EOS>
A rich man and his wife return.
The house s power is out.
They are knocked out by an unseen figure.
The story shifts.
Who has gone straight and become a handyman.
He seems to be well liked.
Arkin meets up with his.
Whose debt is due by midnight.
Arkin plans a heist.
Order to protect her and their young daughter.
Houses a valuable diamond.
Arkin heads to the Chase house.
Appears to be empty.
Arkin hears.
Cracking a safe.
Another person enter the house  locking the door and trapping him inside.
Arkin tries to crack the safe again  but sees Michael  the father of the Chase family beaten and bloody.
Thinking Arkin is behind all this  he picks up a golf club.
It is rigged.
Knocks. 
Arkin attempts a 911 call  but the phone is rigged.
He also discovers.
The windows are boarded up and lined.
He finds a bloody Michael.
Hiding. 
Who informs him that his wife Victoria is trapped as well.
His older daughter is hiding.
Jill is out and Hannah.
He tells Arkin and gives him the combination.
There s a gun.
Using Victoria s screams  Arkin gets the gun  but ca nt find any bullets.
He also pockets the diamond.
Arkin finds the same box.
Searching. 
Hearing noise  he opens the box to find Larry  the man from the beginning  now bloody and disfigured.
He explains to Arkin.
The figure is a collector.
He ll kill the ones.
He does nt want.
He begs Arkin to run.
He still has the chance.
Arkin tries to escape through an open window  but later survives its booby trap.
Ends up killing the family s cat.
Arkin finds.
Michael has been killed.
He tells her to follow him.
However   she panics and runs right.
Seeing Micheal s dismembered body.
Who stabs her several times and sews her mouth shut.
Arkin returns upstairs to find Jill coming home.
They notice The Collector watching them.
The two prepare to have sex.
The Collector kills Chad and captures Jill.
Who makes a 911 call just before she is taken.
Arkin later frees Jill.
Who is quickly killed.
Arkin breaks  and finally flees the house  but returns upon seeing Hannah in the window.
He subdues The Collector and prepares a trap.
However  The Collector uses Larry  killing him.
Arkin later fights The Collector  pulling off his mask.
The Collector takes Arkin.
Fearing  Arkin taunts him.
The Collector has found Hannah s location.
Who responds.
A cop responding arrives.
As he is about to kill Arkin.
The Collector disposes.
Was stationed outside.
Meanwhile  Arkin frees himself and prepares to leave.
The Collector sends his dog.
Arkin lures The Collector into his own trap and flees the house with Hannah.
They run.
Who take and comfort Hannah.
Hannah gives him a grateful wave.
Arkin is loaded.
A subsequent conversation reveals.
The Collector was an exterminator also working.
Arkin finds the diamond still and begs the paramedic to call his wife.
Being taken.
A large truck slams  flipping it over.
He can.
The driver  revealed to be The Collector  arrives and kills the paramedic.
He grabs Arkin and loads him  sealing him inside and driving away.
The Collector is sitting on his box watching TV.
A determined Arkin can be heard screaming.
He will kill The Collector once he gets out.
The Collector kicks the box to shut him up.
<EOS>
Jailed former labor leader Nataraj is telling his cellmates about the suffering.
His family endured betraying his fellow Indians in order to help the British.
Nataraj tells.
Ponnambalam murdered his father  swindled his mother and forced her sister Leela into marriage.
Nataraj hunts down and kills his uncle.
Lands him to tell his story.
Circa.
Ponnambalam Pillai helps himself.
Who is settled.
Ponnambalam is aided.
He is killed.
When Chidambaram Pillai returns home and starts questioning Ponnambalam.
Chidambaram Pillai s family manages to escape from the strife torn Karachi.
His wife  son Natarajan and daughter Leela reach their hometown  only to find Chidambaram Pillai dead.
They are driven away.
An honest youth Balu  in love.
Who is moved and offers them shelter in his house and falls.
Natarajan   soon turns to love.
Who took pity.
Who had been a victim.
Jambu gets.
Natarajan arrested on trumped up charges  and succeeds.
Leela pretends to be haunted  and manages to postpone consummating the coerced marriage.
But Jambu sees and makes bold to molest her.
Balu rushes to save Leela  but  he finds Leela torn and bruised.
When he reaches her house.
Ponnambalam is lying dead.
Balu is charged and arrested.
<EOS>
The film opens  Excerpts from the Gettysburg Address precede the film s action scenes.
The beleaguered crew is taxed to the limit.
They are sent on first to Wake Island  then to Clark Field in the Philippines  with both locations under Japanese attack.
They take.
Thomas Tex Rader and a small dog named Tripoli.
White receives the news.
When they arrive.
His son was killed.
Quincannon has to give Robbie his son s effects.
Quincannon volunteers for a one-aircraft mission against a Japanese invasion fleet.
The Mary-Ann is attacked and forced to abort.
His men to bail out.
Winocki checks up and manages to guide the bomber in for a belly landing.
Having told  the crew work feverishly.
The dying Quincannon Mary-Ann is ready to fly.
Private Chester volunteers to fly.
Chester bails out and is killed in his parachute by a Japanese fighter pilot.
When the pilot is killed.
Winocki and White shoot down the Japanese aircraft.
An angry Winocki kills the pilot.
The Japanese pilot emerges.
The crew manages to finish repairs with the help of U.
S.
Marines and U.
S.
Army soldiers and the ship takes off.
Before the airfield is overrun.
They spot a powerful Japanese fleet below.
The Mary-Ann heads  with Tex as a reluctant bomber pilot and a wounded Williams as.
The crew radios the information  then lead the attack.
When reinforcements arrive.
-LCB-  the eventual missions portrayed sequences mirror real-life events.
-LCB- tag  ref | Although using wartime combat footage sparingly.
The aircraft take off  President Roosevelt is heard giving a patriotic speech.
<EOS>
Amelie  a young Belgian woman  having spent her childhood  decides to return to live there and tries to integrate in the Japanese society.
She is determined to be a real Japanese.
Her year contract runs out  though it is precisely this determination that is incompatible.
Her inability to understand Japanese cultural norms results.
She is hired as a translator at an import/export firm.
Her immediate supervisor  Miss Fubuki takes sadistic pleasure.
Amelie secretly adulates her.
Miss Fubuki finally manages to break Amelie s will  and is delighted.
When Amelie tells her that she will not renew her contract.
Amelie realizes.
She is finally a real Japanese when she enters the company president s office.
The title  Fear and Trembling  is said to be the way.
Japanese must behave when addressing the Emperor.
It calls.
To mind a line   continue to work out your salvation with fear and trembling.
Which could also describe Amelie s posture at Yumimoto.
<EOS>
Rakshas King Ravana decides to invade Amaravathi  the capital.
Scared  Indra asks Narada for help.
Narada informs Indra.
Ravana s strength comes.
He then suggests.
Indra sabotage Ravana s mother s worship.
Ravana decides to perform penance and bring Lord Siva s Atma Lingam to worship.
Hearing from Narada  Goddess Parvathi  Lord Siva s consort  appeals to Lord Vishnu.
Lord Vishnu manipulates Ravana s mind and makes.
When Lord Siva appears to grant his wish.
Him wish.
Narada meets him midway and tells him.
Ravana proceeds home.
His companion is fake Parvathi.
Dejected  Ravana returns Goddess Parvathi to Lord Siva.
He meets Mandodari  the young princess of Pathala  and believing her to be the real Goddess Parvathi  marries her.
Eventually  he realizes.
What happened and appeals by presenting his severed head.
Lord Siva presents Ravana and warns him.
If the Atma Lingam ever touches the earth  it can never be moved again.
Narada instigates Lord Vinayaka to trick Ravana.
What later became known.
<EOS>
The documentary hairstylist.
Looks  including  Maurice Bonamigo  a Palm Beach.
Who was a strong supporter.
Bush and his policies  Carol Newman  an attorney  Steve May  a former state legislator  and Mark Harris  a gay rights activist with strong opinions on both sides of the debate.
Who has proposed.
Who comments.
<EOS>
The movie tells the story.
Who opens a restaurant.
It also shows the life in the beginning of the XX century  including its short period of independence.
The chef refuses to emigrate and endures the brutalities of the new regime.
<EOS>
Saxophone music is heard.
Is played.
He recollects.
Happened two years back.
Guna and Siva are two brothers.
Who own an orchestra and are very popular.
Both are very affectionate.
Both look for their love and eventually find one.
The girl  accepted his love.
Whom Siva chose.
The girl chose him of his fat size which hurts him.
Siva s love fails.
He is heart broken.
To console him Guna shifts with Siva and his sister.
Guna s father had an illegal affair.
His father gets a promise from Guna.
He should accommodate her as she does not have any relation.
Guna invites her to live.
Who lost his mother.
Sitamma accepts.
Also she should be introduced.
Unwillingly Guna accepts.
Guna being a Saxophone player  music director and lyricist and Siva flourish in their career.
Sitamma finds.
Guna is a very affectionate person.
Siva is a very sensitive person.
Who can not bear any downfalls to a little extent.
The house of film choreographer Anjali.
Who is a very beautiful woman.
Both Guna and Siva see her separately and fall.
Siva approaches her directly and impress her.
Anjali hears a saxophone music.
She misunderstands that it is played.
She gets attracted for that reason.
Siva also lies.
All his brother s talents.
Guna decide to begin a friendship and gradually to her not knowing.
Who has got a complex.
She already loves Siva.
Anjali responds thinking.
It is done.
Guna is very happy.
She loves him.
Film superstar Dilip also gets attracted.
He behaves very closely.
Irritates possessive Siva.
This creates a fight.
Sitamma finds and tells Guna about love affair between them.
Shocks Guna.
She convinces Guna to drop his love.
Siva can not tolerate any defeat to which Guna does not accept it.
Anjali gets confused.
When Guna confesses his love.
Anjali also comes to know.
She gets furious.
She asks him to drop the love.
She does not want be the reason.
Siva decides.
He will not accept anyone even if it happens to be his own brother.
Filmstar Dilip compels Anjali to marry him.
Anjali refuses.
He gives a fake statement to press and planned to get married shortly.
Both himself and Anjali are.
Guna gets furious.
She cheated both him and his brother.
But Anjali explains.
She is not responsible.
Anjali s father convinces her.
Eventually her love should be.
Dilip provokes the heat.
Which Siva insults his brother.
Dilip kidnaps Anjali to marry her.
Unable to save Anjali he comes back.
Guna fights.
But Dilip threatens Guna on the top of the hill.
Siva pulls him and jumps and dies.
Back  it was the day.
Siva died where Guna is playing sax on his memory.
Anjali s father convinces Guna and request him to marry her else kill her by his hands.
He could not tolerate her sufferings.
Guna and Anjali finally unite.
<EOS>
It should be a relaxing weekend  as far away from big city bustle and the usual routine.
But.
Who wanted to meet here.
They unknowingly invoke three hideous ghosts  witches  the death.
When they find a mysterious game and play it.
Who only have one thing.
Can they hope to escape the clutches they have awoken.
When it is possible to solve the various mysteries.
It s a merciless race of death against life.
Ghost Game Review | GruselSeite.
<EOS>
Lily Brannel James leaves her small home town.
Where she gets herself hired.
She befriends former top model Mary Ashlon.
Who becomes her mentor.
Mary is depressed and  following a night of excessive drinking  she commits suicide.
Lily eventually becomes a very successful model.
She spends some time with Steve Harleigh  a Montana copper-mine owner in New York on business.
The two fall.
Both realize.
Nothing can come.
He has Jim buy Lily a bracelet.
Steve goes home.
She refuses to accept it.
Lily finds.
Success does not fill the void.
He runs.
When Steve returns to secure a loan.
He tells her he is married.
His wife Nora was left a paraplegic.
Which he was responsible.
Their feelings for each other are too strong.
They embark.
Matters come.
When Nora visits him to celebrate his birthday.
Lily hosts a party too.
Though Steve stays.
Steve slips out and is taken aback by her self-destructive behavior.
Lily decides to confront Nora and asks family friend Jim to accompany her.
However   Lily can not bring herself to tell her.
When she sees how nice Nora is and how dependent she is.
She bumps into Steve at the elevator and tells him it is over.
Some time later  Lily runs.
Who had been dating Mary just prior.
He predicts.
When Lily resists his romantic advances.
She will end up lonely and depressed.
Upset  Lily considers ending her own life  but finally resolves to remain strong.
If she is lonely.
<EOS>
A woman has a brief affair.
Who is renovating her apartment.
He refuses to accept the end.
<EOS>
It tells the story.
He is framed.
The deal goes through.
The satellite contract is awarded.
Moore s court-appointed lawyer Shen Yuelin  initially does not believe his claims.
The pair gradually unearths further evidence  exposing undeniable conspiracy and corruption.
Not only vindicates Moore but also implicates powerful figures.
Shen manages to convince several high-ranking Chinese officials to release evidence.
Proves Moore s innocence.
Moore is quickly released.
The conspirators that framed him are arrested.
Moore asks Shen to leave China with him.
She decides to stay.
There are many more things to change.
However  she admits.
Meeting Moore has changed her life.
She considers him part.
They both then share a heartfelt hug.
<EOS>
Wild Bill Tolliver and Missouri Benson are a pair of adventurers.
Who ride.
They soon discover.
A ruthless outlaw leader  Jonathan Kincaid  owns an immense mine in which he uses captured Mexican patriots  between others  to work as slaves in the mine.
They also learn.
Kincaid has joined forces to carry out his cruel intentions.
Then  Bill and Missouri meet.
Who informs them that Bill s father is.
The heroes find themselves in a conflict with the outlaws in the middle of incessant fights  chases and action.
<EOS>
Casey Baker is a 12-year-old girl.
Whose best friend is her grandfather  Charlie.
Charlie has been.
She was 4 years old  when Casey s mother died.
Her still-grieving father  Jeffrey  has kept his distance.
Charlie has a heart attack.
When Jeffrey is away.
Casey finds herself alone making some critical decisions.
<EOS>
Radhika has been married to Nikhil and is having an affair for the past six months with the interior designer of their new flat  Krish.
Radhika is now pregnant and pours out her plight to a friend  Rita.
She mentions a particular incident.
Where she suffered a miscarriage that had started the rift.
Radhika says.
She did not want to have this baby  while Nikhil did  and adds that both have not quite gotten over the miscarriage.
Radhika wants to come clean.
Rita advises her to sort things out.
What she wants before she tells Nikhil.
Radhika then plays out various scenes and visualizes different ways.
Where she has told Nikhil.
Which Nikhil could react.
The first scenario has Nikhil lying and is helplessly asking him for advice as to.
Radhika has confessed all.
What she should do now since she does nt have a clue.
Nikhil is silent but lashes out at her.
When she mentions their daughter  Sakshi.
Nikhil walks to make himself a cup of coffee and relates to Radhika for the first time.
What he had to go.
Nikhil then breaks down  saying.
The baby was not his.
He seems fixated  and keeps re-iterating it.
Radhika tries to reach out.
He brushes her away.
He slowly walks out  into the hall and then the balcony.
Radhika follows and realizes he has taken a jump.
The next scenario has Radhika and Nikhil  Nikhil is singing at the top of his voice  much to Radhika s consternation  urban Indian wife and is making the whole story up for laughs.
He repeatedly refuses to believe Radhika s confession  attributing it that Radhika is just a typical bored.
Nikhil pokes fun.
Krish and Radha are so perfect.
Radhika retains her focus again.
Where a supper time scenario is played.
Nikhil starts off asking Radhika the cryptic question.
They sit down to eat.
Where do you go.
Nikhil elaborates asking her.
Where they go to screw.
Nikhil continues making crude remarks.
Radhika replies they go.
Radhika asks him why he is doing it.
Nikhil responds.
Is nt the way he is reacting.
Ventures Radhika to guess.
He is nt acting that way.
Could go.
When Radhika does ask him why  he says that he is able to maintain his cool.
Radhika disbelievingly says.
He would nt do that.
Nikhil holds his stand.
Nikhil proposes to talk.
As a friend played out in Radhika s mind  where he asks her if she has thought about the future and what she wants to do.
He suggests calling Krish.
He wants to ask him a few questions.
Radhika thinks and asks him.
This is futile.
What he would ask Krish.
Nikhil starts off.
He loved Radhika  to which Krish responds.
Nikhil then asks Radhika  and is quite incredulous.
She and Krish have thought.
When she says that they have nt discussed anything that the affair has been going on.
Nikhil then poses another question.
He would marry Radhika.
Nikhil totally dismisses him telling Radhika  Of course.
That is nt the way he is supposed to respond  but is to say.
I need some time.
Nikhil then points out.
Krish has walked out and explains to her that he is just looking out for her since he is concerned.
Nikhil takes.
She might have had an affair.
He has been having one.
Radhika disregards his claims saying  and making this up just.
He is acting juvenile.
A discussion.
Good Nikhil is.
She relates.
Krish has opened up a whole new world by concentrating and spending hours on her neck  which she never knew was so sensitive.
Nikhil asks her to swear.
Krish is better in bed.
Hangs uttered in another context  and uses them to massage his ego  interpreting the same to his own self.
When she refuses to do so.
He is better.
The next visualization has Nikhil drunk and sorting out CDs.
He calls out to join him.
Nikhil then starts off asking Radhika.
She knows what Supari is.
Nikhil starts playing out a mock situation.
When she responds saying its money given to get rid.
Where he gives supari to get Krish maimed.
He enacts a complete scene   the glass of champagne Nikhil is drinking acts as the prop.
Where the goons castrate Krish and place his genitals.
Nikhil directly takes a sip out.
He has finished his little act.
Radhika is visibly disgusted and walks out.
A cut back shows Radhika still confused.
Blaming her friend Rita.
Rita then propounds her thesis.
There s Radhika and the unborn baby  Sakshi  Nikhil and Krish  all represented.
Rita moves the biscuits  and finally narrows it down to a straight choice between Krish and Nikhil  alternating the knife in quick motions on the two biscuits.
Represent them.
Finally  Rita asks Radhika to eat up.
The two women now spontaneously break out.
Radhika is so tightly meshed up.
Radhika s mind gets a bit intense.
Nikhil has just returned.
Radhika begins to silently weep.
She talks.
When Nikhil inquires as to why.
She blurts out.
Nikhil is puzzling.
She is pregnant.
Nikhil s confusion turns.
When Radhika does not share his happiness.
Radhika tells him.
She did not want to go.
The very next instant Radhika is lying  bruised badly  in her own vomit  her pants pulled down over her knees.
Around broken glass strewn around show the evidence.
Nikhil emerges hearing the phone ring  and bathes the cuts on his face with astringent.
He talks  currently at Nana-Nani s.
Radhika now slowly emerges to wash and clean up  and dress her wounds.
The last and most poignant revolves back to the dining table  the shared knowledge between them heavy.
Where both Radhika and Nikhil are sitting calm.
Radhika asks Nikhil  Radhika says.
He has told anyone and while Nikhil says he has nt.
She has told Rita.
Nikhil says.
He did nt tell anyone that she might change her mind  and chuckles while saying so.
Radhika is quick to point out it is good.
He laughed  since the fact is truly funny.
Radhika further clears it up.
They will not be easily changed.
Nikhil  taking both her hands  asks her.
That means he should start getting used that she is nt going to be around.
Nikhil is a little surprised.
He did not realize there was something so fundamentally wrong.
Radhika then starts opening up  telling Nikhil all the things.
Were missing.
She says.
She thinks they do not treat each other well  that she is nt happy anymore  that she frowns  as Nikhil himself pointed out to her one day  and that she starting to look like her mother at 33 itself.
Nikhil asks.
This is because he does nt say nice things anymore.
She admits.
He would nt even notice anything different any more  for instance if she got a new haircut  that she is a woman  and that Krish never lets her forget that.
Nikhil tries to rationally justify the difference.
He responded when they were dating.
His stand is.
Now   he would point out that her hair was in her eyes  since this was more logical due to actual concern.
Radhika also recalls the times.
Nikhil would sing  and.
Which he did nt have the time anymore now.
Still misses his voice.
She missed his voice.
Nikhil tries to sing and laughs it off.
The situation is nt right.
A bit suddenly breaks into the song  Over the Rainbow from the Wizard of Oz.
He asks  and starts laughing himself.
He can make her laugh.
Radhika catches up.
They both seem.
<EOS>
Marty Malt is an unhappy garbage man.
Who moonlights.
He lives.
Where a company named Blump s apparently owns everything.
His best friend and fellow trash collector  Gus  is the only one.
Who laughs.
His sincerity is questionable.
The obnoxiously exuberant Gus plays an accordion.
He always carries.
Marty is seeing Rosarita  a waitress.
She does nt seem too interested.
One day  Gus convinces a talent agent  Jackie Chrome  to check out Marty s act.
Jackie is nt impressed.
Marty s luck seems to take a turn.
When a large lump starts growing.
He goes.
Who calls him a wimp and puts a.
The lump continues to grow  eventually becoming a full-sized arm.
A horrified Rosarita breaks up.
Gus uses Marty s newfound freakishness to impress his morbidly obese girlfriends.
He gets fired.
Where he does his act.
Marty is despondent.
Gus brings him to see Jackie  who  it turns out  has always dreamed.
Re-christened Desi the Three-Armed Wonder Comic  and  Marty gets a fresh start on his career.
Marty and Gus have a few semi-successful shows and eventually meet Hollywood talent agent Dirk Delta.
Who offers them a job.
Marty  Gus and Jackie celebrate.
This big break and everything seems to be looking up until Marty wakes up the following morning and discovers his third arm has inexplicably vanished.
He goes to see Jackie  and decides to tell Dirk the truth upon Marty s suggestion.
Who is furious but calms down.
Dirk surprisingly asks them to send Gus to fill the spot with his accordion playing.
Gus is ecstatic and leaves almost immediately.
Marty is sad but gets his job back and uses the story of his third arm in his act and finally gets a few laughs from the crowd.
<EOS>
A young Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid are wannabe outlaws.
Who find that breaking the law is not as easy as it seems.
<EOS>
The film centers Pistols 1978 tour of the United States.
Ended. 
The tour was the only one.
The group played.
S.
Film director Lech Kowalski followed them through the clubs and bars of their seven-city Southern tour.
Mixing this  trends in the fashion capitals  and punks of all shapes and colors  Kowalski created a grainy  stained snapshot of a movement at its peak  showing.
Certain authority figures saw the movement.
This indie film was shot mostly on 16mm film  and documented early years of punk from both in front of and behind the stage.
<EOS>
A group travel to an Eastern European village.
The protagonist  Jason  pulls a sword  unwittingly reviving a giant monster.
Whose body is made.
Soon  Jason learns.
One had slain this monster before with the sword.
He plans to do the same.
The main antagonist  Dimitar  possesses a key stone.
Has the power to either kill or control the monster.
He plans to transfer the rock monster s spirit with hopes of the spirit making him omnipotent.
The rock monster goes.
It rips open the skull.
It travels to the village  where it is defeated by Jason and his sword  which is revealed to be Excalibur.
<EOS>
Paula White brings the journal of her father explorer Maple White to the eccentric Professor Challenger in London.
The journal features sketches.
Is enough proof to publicly announce that dinosaurs still walk the earth.
Met  Challenger reluctantly accepts a newspaper s offer to finance a mission to rescue Maple White.
Professor Challenger  Paula White  sportsman Sir John Roxton  news reporter Edward Malone  a sceptical professor Summerlee  an Indian servant Zambo  and Challenger s butler Austin leave.
The explorers are shocked  sent their way by an ape-man perched on top of an overhead ledge.
When a large rock falls.
Challenger spies overhead a Pteranodon.
The crew look up to see their attacker.
Sighting proves that the statements are true.
Leaving Zambo and Austin  they cross a chasm onto the plateau by cutting down a tree and using it as a bridge.
It is knocked over  leaving them trapped.
The explorers witness various life-and-death struggles.
An Allosaurus attacks an Anatotitan  and knocks it.
The Allosaurus then attacks  and is driven off.
Eventually  the Allosaurus makes its way and attacks the exploration party.
It is finally driven off.
Who tosses a torch.
Convinced  Ed climbs a tree to look  but is attacked by the.
The camp is nt safe.
Roxton succeeds.
The creature is merely wounded and escapes.
He can finish him off.
Meanwhile  an Agathaumas is attacked  and gores it to death.
Suddenly  another Tyrannosaurus attacks and kills the Agathaumas  along.
The explorers then make preparations to live indefinitely.
A catapult is constructed.
Roxton finds his remains  confirming his death.
It is.
Ed confesses his love.
The two are unofficially wed.
Who used to be a minister.
Shortly afterwards   an Allosaurus attacks it.
The paleontologists are observing a Brontosaurus.
The Brontosaurus falls off the edge  becoming trapped in a mud bank at the base of the plateau.
Soon afterwards  a volcano erupts causing a mass stampede.
The crew is saved.
When Paula s pet monkey Jocko climbs up the plateau carrying a rope.
The crew use the rope to pull up a rope ladder constructed and then climb down.
He is again attacked.
Ed makes his descent.
Who pulls the rope ladder.
The ape-man is again shot and finally killed.
They discover.
The Brontosaurus that had been pushed off the plateau had landed softly  trapped but still alive.
Challenger manages to bring it back.
He wants to put it as proof of his story.
However  it escapes and causes havoc.
Being unloaded.
It reaches Tower Bridge  where its massive weight causes a collapse.
It swims down the River Thames.
Challenger is morose.
The creature leaves.
Ed discovers.
The love he left has married in his absence  allowing him and Paula to be together.
Roxton morosely but gallantly hides his love  That s Sir John Roxton -- sportsman.
Paula and Ed leave together  while two passersby note.
<EOS>
The Stooges are tree surgeons.
Who are enlisted to find a mate for his rare puckerless persimmon tree.
The boys sail to find the tree.
They are captured and will be eaten.
When they arrive.
Curly marries the Chief s ugly daughter.
The Stooges manage to escape and  after a confrontation with an alligator  sail off with their prize.
<EOS>
Vanessa Lutz is a poor  illiterate teenage girl living.
She runs away.
Her mother  Ramona  is arrested.
Vanessa stops to see her boyfriend and classmate Chopper Wood  a local gang member to tell him about her excursion.
He gives her a gun to sell.
Minutes  he is killed by rival gang members.
Vanessa leaves Chopper.
A little later  Bob Wolverton  a serial killer and rapist known  picks.
Her up breaks down  and promises to take her to her grandmother s house.
Bob manipulates Vanessa into confessing to him the details of her painfully dysfunctional life  including a prostitute mother and a sexually abusive stepfather.
Vanessa shows Bob a photo.
She keeps.
That evening  Bob eventually reveals his true nature and tries to kill Vanessa.
When she refuses to give.
The tables are turned  however.
Vanessa eventually pulls out her gun and shoots him.
Vanessa is quickly arrested and questioned by two detectives  named Mike and Garnet   and had told her about his other murders.
Who write her off.
Though she insists Bob had tried to kill her.
Bob survives.
The bullet wounds have left him severely handicapped  costing him an eye and disfiguring his face.
Vanessa is put  with everyone believing.
Bob is the innocent victim he claims to be since he has no criminal record  while Vanessa is a veteran.
Vanessa goes.
Bob and his socialite wife Mimi  who knows nothing  are treated like heroes.
Scared  Vanessa eventually makes friends in prison  including a heroin-addicted lesbian named Rhonda and a brutal Hispanic gang leader named Mesquita.
Undaunted  Vanessa plots to escape and continue her journey to visit her grandmother.
Remembering  Vanessa constructs a crude knife.
What her stepfather taught her in prison.
The following evening  Vanessa and Mesquita are being transferred.
En route  Mesquita and Vanessa subdue and escape.
Vanessa and Mesquita part ways as Mesquita goes off to be reunited with her gang.
Vanessa continues her journey.
Meanwhile  detectives Mike and Garnet reexamine the evidence  and begin to suspect.
Vanessa was telling the truth.
They then search Bob s home.
Where they find violent child pornography shed adjacent to the house.
Confronted.
What her husband really is.
Arriving home at  Bob panics and flees.
That moment to find police cars.
Vanessa steals a car  and drives to her grandmother s house.
Posing. 
Is actually a trailer.
Vanessa finds her grandmother dead and Bob waiting with a gun.
Vanessa kills Bob by strangling him to death.
Detectives Mike and Garnet arrive and approach the trailer cautiously.
When they hear the commotion inside.
Vanessa eventually exits the trailer exhausted.
The detectives enter to find Bob and Vanessa s grandmother both dead.
Outside Vanessa sits.
When she looks up to ask the detective  still stunned  whether they have a cigarette to which they smile.
Vanessa responds.
<EOS>
The city had fallen.
Lowell is generally known as the first planned textile town in the United States.
The mills left the city.
Wang Laboratories  a major employer  declared bankruptcy and virtually went out of business in the early.
The Lowell had a large percentage of the population unemployed or underemployed  in poverty  and unaffected by positive things in the city like the Lowell National Historical Park and The Lowell Folk Festival.
Much takes place in a lower-class section of the city s Highlands neighborhood.
The documentary frames the lives  while exploring them as human beings.
The film reveals the lives  their aspirations   etc.
Why they do drugs and why they do nt quit.
It interviews their families  friends  and members  discussing.
Drugs have destroyed the lives.
Richard Farrell  one  is a native Lowellian and a former addict  allowing the crew deep access to the city s drug scene.
The filmmakers follow around three people  Boo Boo  Brenda  and former professional boxer Dicky Eklund to get high.
Brenda  a prostitute  becomes pregnant and contemplates an abortion but has to hook to pay for the abortion.
She blows it instead of getting the $ 395 abortion.
Whenever she earns enough money.
The father could be her on-again off-again boyfriend.
Mike or the father may   be Boo Boo.
Brenda also attempts detox rehab  but.
Talking decides to abort  then do detox  then to go back home.
She loses the will to complete the program.
She had 6 times before.
She ultimately goes missing.
Launches Boo-Boo as he looks for her.
The police become aware  but are unable to tell Boo-Boo per her wishes.
Dicky  the older brother  is a boxer.
Who had at one time fought Sugar Ray Leonard  losing after 10 rounds and attempted to make a comeback.
He tries to prevent his habit - and the crimes.
He commits to feed it.
He can never stay clean and ends up arrested on multiple violent charges.
His mother attempts to raise bail money.
Awaiting trial.
The event develops.
The $ 5000 bail is not raised.
Later  Boo-Boo discovers.
He has HIV after Brenda had been missing.
He subsequently attempts to find honest work  joins a support group  and attempts with his family.
He loses a job.
When it is revealed he was driving.
The documentary ends.
He is the only member.
It is revealed.
Brenda died.
<EOS>
A girl and a young man see each other for the first time from opposite sides of a street in London.
The girl looks.
She crosses the street and is hit.
He rushes over  she smiles and says  hello  stranger.
He takes her.
Where she is treated and released.
Afterward   they stop by Postman s Park.
Here they introduce themselves  she is 20 years old and has just arrived from the United States  he s Dan Woolf  an unsuccessful aspiring British writer.
Where she had been stripping.
Who is  where he writes obituaries for a national newspaper.
He asks her.
He leaves her and goes to work.
She answers Alice Ayres.
They soon start a relationship.
A year later  Dan is straying.
He has written a novel.
He flirts.
Being photographed to publicize it.
Anna and Dan kiss.
She finds out that Dan and Alice are.
Alice arrives and asks to use Anna s bathroom  leaving Anna and Dan alone again.
Dan takes the opportunity to try to persuade Anna to have an affair  but is cut short by Alice s return.
Alice asks Anna.
She can have her portrait taken as well.
Anna agrees.
Alice asks Dan to leave them alone.
She reveals.
Being photographed.
She overheard them  and is photographed weeping.
Alice does not reveal.
What she overheard  even as he spends a year stalking Anna  who resists.
Another year later  Dan enters a cybersex chat room and randomly meets Larry Gray  a British dermatologist.
They will have sex.
Larry goes.
Where Anna is.
He approaches her.
It turns out.
They have been set up.
Feeling foolish  Larry apologizes but is confused.
Anna tells Larry.
A man who had pursued her  Dan  was most likely to blame.
Soon  Anna and Larry become a couple.
They refer as Cupid as their inside joke.
Four months later   Larry meets Alice.
Whom he recognizes.
Larry knows.
They flirt.
Meanwhile  Dan convinces Anna to become involved.
A year passes.
Dan and Anna have been cheating.
Though Anna and Larry married.
Dan and Anna both decide and are prepared to break their current partnerships to be with each other.
Alice  deeply upset  leaves Dan.
Where she is going.
Larry confesses.
Anna can tell Larry  who has just returned.
He slept on his business trip.
She reveals.
She has been having an affair.
Argue - something.
She reveals that she thought he would hit her when he found out.
Larry takes offence.
Alice goes back.
Staying  being still in love with Dan.
One day  Larry runs at the strip club and realizes.
He knows her  even though she is wearing a pink wig.
He asks her.
Her name is Alice  knowing full well who she is.
No matter  she keeps telling him her name is Jane Jones.
How much money he gives her.
He asks her to come home.
He can look.
She refuses.
The line becomes pornographic  albeit without any explicit nudity .
When Larry asks Alice  what does your cunt taste.
Larry then demands  Alice  tell me something true.
Alice replies  lying is the most fun.
A girl can have.
It s better.
You do.
The full irony is not apparent until the conclusion of the film.
Anna meets Larry to obtain his signature on the divorce papers.
Larry tries to convince her to come back.
She refuses  so he refuses to sign for divorce.
She has sex for the last time  on the examination table at his new practice.
Reluctantly  Anna acquiesces.
Later  Dan asks Anna with Larry and realises  unable to forgive her  he breaks off the relationship.
What s happened.
Some time afterwards  Dan goes  asking him to let Anna come back to him.
She is now again.
The office is now fully functional.
Larry and Anna had sex.
Larry is successful.
He tells Dan.
Anna secretly does nt want to be happy  and that she never gave the signed divorce papers.
Larry tells Dan.
Love needs compromise and suggests that he try to get Alice back.
Dan does nt know.
Where she is.
Larry tells him not only.
Where to find Alice  but also that he and Alice had sex.
Alice takes Dan back.
She decides to take them.
They get a hotel room  happy to be back together.
Alice notes.
Four years ago today is the day when they first met.
They reminisce  then Dan ca nt help himself and asks her.
Whether she had sex  which she initially truthfully denies.
She suddenly tells him.
When he insists.
She does nt love him anymore and goes on to say that she did have sex that night he found her working at the strip club.
Dan then reveals.
Larry had already told him but that he s already forgiven her.
She is angry.
He tricked her and insists that it s over and tells him to leave.
He refuses.
She threatens to call security.
He does not believe her.
He grabs her and questions her angrily.
She picks up the phone.
She slept.
She eventually says  they continue to argue.
It s because Dan was nt there.
She spits.
Dan almost hits her but refrains.
She encourages him to hit her.
He does.
She looks in shock.
Alice returns alone.
Dan hits her.
Passing on her way back into the United States  it is revealed through a shot of her passport.
Her name is indeed Jane Rachel Jones and that she had lied with Dan.
Back  Dan returns to Postman s Park.
He notices the name Alice Ayres on a tile.
Is dedicated.
The final scene shows.
Alice/Jane walking  approaching a red do not walk pedestrian light  with passers-by staring at her  stunned at her beauty.
A scene symmetrical.
Where Alice/Jane and Dan are staring.
<EOS>
The educational year is ending.
Jerome  a medical student  is.
However he remains pensive and regrets.
Who must leave France the same evening.
So he decides to go.
The two young people acknowledge their mutual love.
Jerome accompanies Claudia and promises to join her in Tuscany the next month  as soon.
He finds enough money.
Jerome realizes.
He seriously loves Claudia and proposes marriage.
The two lovers return.
The city is agitated  war has just been declared.
Jerome learns.
He has been mobilised and that he must return.
Separated and no longer able to correspond  Jerome loses track of Claudia.
He will try to forget her.
Haunted  he will not succeed.
Eleven years later  he leaves to try to find her.
Time has passed.
<EOS>
Secret agent Nina Maria Azara is working undercover as a singer known as the Mosca del Fuego or Firefly.
She tricks him so  thus allowing the Duke of Wellington to win the Battle of Vitoria.
His general will change the French defensive positions.
Nina and Andre leave together for a new life in peace.
<EOS>
Harragas are clandestine immigrants.
Flee their country to escape.
The story takes place  on the Algerian coast.
The boatman  Hassan  prepares the secret crossing to Spain.
Ten illegal immigrants  A change of money.
Barely take anything.
Harragas tells the odyssey.
Who dream.
Opens. 
<EOS>
Noi runs a rural bar and guesthouse called the Paradise Hotel.
He tends.
Bar and arm wrestles any challengers.
The hotel   already has a guest  a man named Chana.
Has only one room.
Chana is annoyed.
The hotel plays host.
A young woman named.
Riam arrives and attempts to check  only to be told that the one room is already occupied.
The reasons are mysterious.
Riam is equally enigmatic  stating her age  saying and is an opium trader.
She has a dozen children.
Chana turns out to be the accountant.
Who comes.
Both he and Riam are rather good shots.
May come.
<EOS>
The premise was a general parody of the popular 1970s/1980s television series Fantasy Island  with Daffy and Speedy playing caricatures of that series  principal characters  Mr Roarke and Tattoo.
The pair  stranded on it but a coconut tree  discover a treasure map.
Leads them  talking wishing well.
The greedy Daffy proposes to use the power.
Obeys the commands.
Animated characters step up  their wishes are fulfilled through the events of a classic Warner cartoon.
Meanwhile  Yosemite Sam  cast  search for the map.
Originally belonged.
They find out that someone.
Who took the Map has black feathers.
Eventually  the map is lost after being burnt.
When the chase lead up.
Daffy  Speedy  Sam  and Taz end up trapped.
The well gives them three wishes individually  but warns them to use them wisely they are the last wishes.
It assures them.
It will grant.
He ll come back and pick them up.
Daffy and Speedy waste their wishes - Speedy wishing  then Daffy angrily responding by wishing the burrito was stuck on the end of Speedy s nose  an obvious reference to The Ridiculous Wishes -  Daffy asks Sam to wish the burrito off Speedy s nose  the pair discover that Sam wishes for a ship  abandoning Daffy  and telling them after he sinks Bugs.
Daffy  then shouts out his famous catchphrase  You re Desthspicable.
<EOS>
Shalini wants her daughter  Jyoti  to marry the son.
But Jyoti is nt attracted.
So she meets Deepak and they both fall.
Then Shalini agrees and lets her marry Deepak.
But Jyoti comes to know.
Deepak is not a wealthy guy as he pretended all.
<EOS>
Prabhu is a college student.
Who does not allow anyone to do wrong.
He quite often argues.
Where he is repeatedly arressted.
A psychiatrist used to bail him out.
When he was younger his foster father.
Swetha  the sister of commissioner of police Ravichandra  has been ditching her college classes  so her father has a police eccort take her to school.
They pursue her.
When she tries to escape.
They cross paths.
Who battles them.
Prabhu says  I love you  to Swetha.
She is so impressed  she falls in love.
Prabhu then learns.
His foster parents are taking him to meet his real father Lakshmi Narayana who had been receiving treatment.
He tries to speak.
The man is unresponsive.
He takes his father to Kerala for treatment.
He meets a former bodyguard.
When there.
Who tells him that not only was his father the former Election Commissioner  but that his current mental breakdown state was caused.
Coincidentally  Ramadasu has been brought by his own son.
He attempts to kill him.
When Ramadasu s son learns that his father s former enemy Lakshmi is still alive.
<EOS>
Foh is a mechanic and part-time racing car driver  playing the Good Samaritan by helping them to apprehend a dangerous criminal named Cougar by means of a car chase.
The criminal soon breaks free however  and takes revenge by trashing his business and home and kidnapping his two younger sisters.
The only way Foh can free.
Them is.
<EOS>
Agent Rowan carries a message during the time of the Spanish-American war.
The parts are fictional.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Takuma Tsurugi meets the condemned murderer Tateki Shikenbaru while disguised.
Tsuguri applies his oxygen coma punch  causing him to collapse.
Before he can be executed.
Tsurugi and his sidekick Rakuda ambush the ambulance and free him.
Junjo is rushed.
Junjo s brother Gijun and sister Nachi arrive and plead to pay for Tsurugi s help.
Tsurugi and Ratnose watch the incident.
Outraged  Tsurugi refuses and attacks the siblings.
Gijun is defenestrated.
When Tsurugi dodges a flying kick.
Nachi is sold by Mutaguchi.
Mutaguchi and his associates attempt to hire Tsurugi to kidnap Sarai  the daughter.
Tsurugi refuses.
The gangsters are Yakuza.
He escapes.
The Yakuza gangsters resolve to kill Tsurugi as well as kidnap Sarai.
Tsurugi immediately seeks.
Who is being protected by her uncle  Kendo Masaoka  a Karate master.
Tsurugi captures Sarai and challenges the entire dojo.
He brutalizes the rank-and-file students.
Masaoka bests him.
Ultimately  Tsurugi offers to protect Sarai  and Masaoka agrees.
Meanwhile  the Yakuza s allies  led by Kowloon Dinsau  recruit Junjo Shikenbaru to avenge his siblings by killing Tsurugi.
The gangsters make several attempts to kill Tsurugi.
They successfully kidnap Sarai.
Tsurugi manages to rescue her  but gets captured himself.
Ratnose gives up Sarai s location to save Tsurugi  causing the honorable Tsurugi to forsake him.
Ratnose dies.
When Tsurugi faces a blind swordsman working.
Tsurugi finally tracks the gangsters down and fights his way through their guards.
Dinsau permits Tsurugi to duel Junjo.
Nachi sacrifices herself to give her brother a free shot.
Tsurugi survives and kills Junjo.
Critically wounded  Tsurugi is helped by Sarai and Dinsau in the final shot of the film.
<EOS>
Akash and Barsha met just at Metropolish Fame Mall.
Akash fell with Barsha instantly.
However he lost contact and could not track her address by any means.
He was visiting a marriage ceremony  he found.
The bride was Barsha herself.
The protagonist Akash  to M G Road amidst a heavy wind  spots a pretty girl  Barsha.
Whilst  he inadvertently falls into a manhole.
Barsha rescues him.
She had just bought.
The process loses her heart-shaped watch.
Akash confronts a man named Jaanu.
Accompanying his mother.
Jaanu   beats up Akash thinking.
Who has been following Barsha.
He is.
Akash  unaware  trashes Jaanu and his gang.
Jaanu has vowed not to allow any one.
Akash meets Barsha unexpectedly.
He identifies himself and expresses his love and offers to tie the watch as an indication for their marriage.
Barsha  rejects his request.
Who is already engaged.
Still  Akash vows to marry Barsha.
She meets him again.
Akash discovers that his host in Madikeri  Col.
Subbayya is Barsha s father.
Who is pretty much deaf.
Barsha s marriage is a just a week away.
Dejected  Akash throws Barsha s heart-shaped watch away.
But Barsha calls him and taunts him to return.
Delighted  Akash goes and brings it back.
He spots a rabbit.
Searching it.
He calls and brings it along with him.
A still Kunidhu Kunidhu  Akash takes Barsha to the railway station.
Barsha s friends are due to arrive.
The train is delayed by five hours  so Barsha and Akash decide to visit a nearby.
Akash and Barsha are caught.
Returning. 
An old couple offers Akash and Barsha to take shelter.
Akash   grabs a couple of toddy bottles  goes out in rain and starts drinking.
However   he is and tells Barsha.
When Barsha walks  offering an umbrella.
He d better stay away to remain a decent boy  rather than to propose to or elope away with her.
Barsha is now with Akash and is in a dilemma.
Her wedding is due.
Barsha requests him to take her and expresses her love towards Akash  standing at the edge of the waterfall.
Akash  intent  takes her father  Subbayya for a morning jog to discuss his marriage with Barsha.
But Subbayya a heart patient  tells Preetham.
His only aim is to get Barsha married off to Gautam.
Akash drives away from the house without taking Devadas.
He then starts drinking the whole night.
He finds Gautam  asking the bar-owner to Subbayya s home.
Akash saves Gautam and convinces.
When Jaanu tries to kill Gautam.
That only Gautam is the best person to marry Barsha.
Next day  he drops Gautam.
He then declines to attend Gautam s marriage.
Gautam asks.
Preetham does not agree to give it.
Akash then leaves.
Meanwhile  day everyone is searching for Akash.
He is nowhere to be found.
His mother is the only one.
Who know the truth  and is worried of his whereabouts  but does not show her worry.
Akash watches the arch proclaiming Gautham weds Barsha.
Barsha writes a letter and put the heart shaped watch.
He is trying to leave.
She later ask devdas to carry the same.
But  devdas delivers the parcel to Subbayya.
Which Barsha was ending her relationship.
The Subbayya gives away the hand of Barsha to Aakash and the credits start rolling.
<EOS>
Satan s Angels is the story.
Who are arrested and sentenced to one year in jail for shaking the foundations of Islam and Satanism after a surrealistic trial.
Society and the media mobilize to free them.
<EOS>
The film is told from the point of view of horror author Franklin Frankie Scarlatti on his way to his hometown Willowpoint Falls.
Frankie  then 9 years old  is tricked by school jokesters Donald and Louie and ends up locked in the school s cloakroom.
Trapped  he witnesses a girl s ghost being murdered and then himself is attacked by a dark figure.
Losing consciousness he speaks.
Who asks.
Frankie is revived and rushed to the hospital.
The police arrest the black janitor  Harold Willy Williams.
Who was found drunk  believing him to be the attacker.
Frankie s brother Geno brings him a newspaper article about the attack.
He learns.
It was linked at the hands of a serial killer.
He also learns the name - Melissa Ann Montgomery.
She continues to haunt Frankie.
The two become an odd sort.
Striving to help her  he returns and discovers several objects including her hairclip and an old high school class ring.
Later  Frankie overhears the chief.
Frankie confides.
The class ring probably belongs and that he thinks the killer returned to the cloakroom to search for it.
Unbeknownst  Geno has discovered and taken the class ring.
The school jokesters lure Frankie out.
Where they encounter a lady.
The children take off running and Frankie runs.
Frankie tries to explain everything.
Geno does nt believe him.
One evening though  Melissa appears.
They follow her through her nightly death.
They trail.
It is carried out to the cliffs.
She awakes and begins screaming.
She is thrown.
A ghostly lady then comes out of the cottage and throws herself over the edge.
She sees Melissa s lifeless body.
Willy  the school janitor is finally brought.
A grand jury decides.
He is subsequently murdered.
The real killer is still though.
Geno uses.
The class ring to track him down.
Angelo s yearbook reveals that the initials.
P.
T.
Belong. 
Terragarossa.
Geno knows  however   their family friend Phil.
The P stands.
He rushes to tell his father.
Frankie happens to be at that same time and as well realizes.
He is the killer after Phil starts whistling Did You Ever See a Dream Walking.
Phil catches on.
Frankie has deduced his secret and attacks him.
Frankie escapes and runs.
Phil catches him and confesses.
Before he starts to strangle Frankie.
Phil is struck to the ground lifeless.
Regaining consciousness  Frankie finds himself.
She reveals and has been living.
She is Melissa s aunt.
She was the first lady.
Had seen.
Phil reemerges  setting the building ablaze in the process.
Pulling Frankie  Phil then tries to throw Frankie from the cliff.
The ghostly lady appears and scares Phil over the edge.
Melissa as well appears.
The two ghosts ascend.
Phil grabs his ankle.
Frankie is crawling away.
Angelo  Geno  and the police arrive saving Frankie.
Angelo tries to save Phil.
Overcome  Phil lets go and falls to his death  despite Angelo s pleas not to.
The movie ends.
The group watches the cottage burn as the snow begins to fall.
<EOS>
The duo decides to join Weidermeyer Academy  one in the country.
When frat boys Philo and George fail.
The guys encounter a group of misfits.
Who run the gamut.
The group end up bonding.
They re all sent.
Is filled.
Who intends to blow up the plane.
It s up to save the day.
The pilots get gassed.
<EOS>
The film opens.
She discusses her business as a call girl.
Catherine is a gynecologist and her husband David is a college professor.
Catherine suspects David.
She sees a cell-phone picture.
Catherine stops by the hotel bar.
Where Chloe waits.
Chloe tells her.
She does nt usually service women.
Catherine tells Chloe.
She wants to hire her to test David s loyalty.
The next evening Catherine and Chloe meet.
Chloe tells Catherine.
He asked her if he could kiss her.
He did.
Angered  Catherine tells Chloe.
Was nt.
What she wanted her to do.
However  she insists.
Chloe meet again.
They meet.
Chloe describes her encounters with David.
Arouses Catherine.
The two kiss  Catherine leaves.
Later  she recalls her meeting  then meets Chloe at a hotel and has sex with her.
Afterwards  David asks her.
She s been unfaithful.
Catherine tells him she thinks.
He s been unfaithful.
David does not respond.
The next afternoon the two women meet.
Catherine calls off their relationship.
That night Catherine and David go.
Where Catherine demands that David admit that he is having an affair.
David denies it.
Chloe suddenly walks in.
David does not appear to know.
Who she is.
Chloe leaves quickly.
Catherine realizes.
Chloe made up her encounters.
Catherine confesses her sexual encounters.
David embraces and kisses her.
Chloe goes and has sex with Catherine s son Michael in Catherine and David s bed.
Catherine arrives home to find them.
Chloe tells Catherine  and threatens to hurt Catherine.
She can not be bought off  and that she is in love with her.
Catherine asks Chloe.
What she wants.
Chloe asks.
Michael sees  startling Catherine and causing her to push Chloe  breaking the glass.
Chloe manages to grab hold but then she lets go and falls to her death.
Paramedics wheel away the body.
Catherine is comforted.
Later   Catherine is wearing Chloe s hairpin in her hair.
<EOS>
Manu Pradhani is a farmer  lives.
Manu & Bhaiga work hard to sustain their family.
Manu pledged his land for the sake of money.
Every year they repay the loan with a hope to release their Land from the Sahukar in few year.
Sahukar s son killed his father by the assistance of local goons and succeed to prove in the court.
Manu killed his father.
The court sentenced innocent Manu ten years imprisonment.
Dukhi & his brother-in - law struggle hard to survive.
Dukhi forget everything to stand his son Prakash.
Manu believes a rumor.
Returning. 
His wife & his brother Bhaiga has developed illicit relationship.
Manu remains in the city and works as a servant in a judge s house.
Praksh & Judge s daughter Sabitri are fall in love with each other.
But Bhaiga does nt approve the relationship.
To settle the crises Manu returns.
Prakash is his son.
All cleared.
When he met Dukhi & Bhaiga.
Every body approved marriage.
<EOS>
Using evidence provided by scientist Jor-El  the Ruling Council sentences three attempted insurrectionists  General Zod  Ursa and Non  to eternal living death in the Phantom Zone.
Jor-El is unable to convince the Council of his belief.
Krypton will soon explode.
To save his infant son Kal-El  Jor-El launches a spacecraft containing the child  a distant planet with a suitable atmosphere  and.
Where Kal-El s dense molecular structure will give him superhuman powers.
Krypton is destroyed.
Three years later the ship lands  Smallville.
Where Kal-El is found.
The Kents take the child back and raised him as their own son  naming him Clark after Martha s maiden name.
Soon after the death of Jonathan  Clark hears a psychic call  discovering a glowing green crystal in the ship.
It compels him to travel.
Where the crystal builds the Fortress  resembling the architecture of Krypton.
Inside  a vision explains Clark s origins  educating him in powers and responsibilities.
Clark leaves the Fortress with a colorful costume and becomes a reporter at the Daily Planet in Metropolis.
He meets and develops a romantic attraction to coworker Lois Lane.
She sees him and unsophisticated.
Lois becomes involved.
Where conventional means are impossible.
The rescue make.
The mysterious caped wonder a celebrity.
The hero visits Lois  takes her for a flight over the city  and allows her to interview him for an article.
Which she names him Superman.
Meanwhile  criminal genius Lex Luthor has developed a cunning plan to make a fortune by buying large amounts of barren desert land and then diverting a nuclear missile test flight to the San Andreas Fault.
The missile will sink California and leave Luthor s desert  greatly increasing its value.
Luthor s girlfriend Eve Teschmacher successfully changes the course.
His incompetent henchman Otis accidentally redirects the first rocket.
Knowing Superman could stop his plan  Luthor lures him and exposes him to Kryptonite.
Luthor taunts him.
Superman weakens.
The first missile is headed in the opposite direction  knowing that Superman can not stop both impacts.
Teschmacher is horrified in Hackensack.
Luthor does not care and leaves Superman.
Teschmacher rescues Superman.
He will deal first.
He is thus too late to stop the second impact  causing a massive earthquake.
He battles to correct.
Lois s car falls.
Superman is busy saving others.
It quickly fills.
She suffocates.
Distraught  Superman ignores Jor-El s warning not to interfere with human history  preferring to remember Jonathan Kent s advice.
He must be for a reason.
He travels back in order to save Lois  altering history.
That her car is never caught.
Superman then delivers Luthor and Otis and flies into the sunrise for further adventures.
<EOS>
Nicole Bonnet loves her father.
He is an art forger.
Whose Paris home is filled.
The Venus is loaned out by Charles Bonnet to be placed on public display at a museum.
Nicole scolds her father repeatedly.
He is risking exposure and imprisonment if he continues this deception.
Simon Dermott is caught by Nicole in her house  removing the Van Gogh from the wall.
Simon charms his way.
She picks up a gun and accidentally shoots him.
He even persuades Nicole to drive him back.
Where the only thing he ends up stealing is a kiss.
A wealthy American named.
Davis Leland comes  aggressively expressing his love for Nicole and the Venus  not necessarily in that order.
He impulsively gives her a gigantic diamond engagement ring and implores her to sell him the statue.
Charles obliges the museum.
It is damaged or stolen.
He is unaware.
It is too late that his signature also authorizes the museum to have the sculpture inspected  simply as a formality to confirm its authenticity.
Horrified he is  Nicole appeals to Simon to break and steal the Venus.
Her father is about to be exposed.
He is reluctant.
The building is so heavily guarded  but also because he ca nt get Nicole to explain why she needs to steal a statue that her own family owns.
Simon masterminds the burglary.
He and Nicole hide.
Which he is able to escape even after it has been locked.
Nicole s resistance to his charms ends.
When Simon reveals that he has sensed that the statue is a fake.
He only went along.
He has fallen with her.
The truth is.
He is not a burglar.
He twice sets  annoying the guards as well as the politically influential neighbors.
Guessing right  Simon steals the Venus and hides it in Nicole s pail.
The alarms will be shut off permanently.
She is using to pose.
They escape successfully.
A day later   Davis is tipped off.
News dominates the news.
Who might be able to find it  stolen or not.
That expert is Simon Dermott.
Who does indeed give the American both the artwork and the engagement ring  keeping Nicole.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
Who repeatedly asks George where the fox went  never suspecting that his friend George is the fox.
Invariably  George the Fox tells Willoughby in on the other side of a rail fence.
Is actually.
<EOS>
Jawani Zindabad is a story.
Who is studying from his native village.
Raj Thinks never come back.
Along should enjoy life  because these days of college.
Prabhjot heroin thinks.
We have to repect our parents whether they are or not.
Prabhjot s Father Sarpanch Devinder Singh thinks.
This is due.
Prabhjot s Dada Ji Gurkirtan.
Who loves his Grand Daughter very much.
Flows not opposite it.
Who thinks that.
Prabhjot forgots everything but will Devinder Singh Change his rules  Prabjyot Kaur lives a traditional and conservative lifestyle in rural Punjab along with her parents  and grandparents.
Her father  Joginder Singh  is very stern and disapproves.
Her grandfather accompanies her and arranges her residence.
When she expresses a desire to continue studying.
Who has also permitted several other young women to live as tenants.
Prabhjyot does not know  neither was he ever married  and soon she will be thrust.
The Colonel is not who he claims to be.
Will throw her.
<EOS>
Sati  the daughter  marries Lord Shiva against the wish of her father.
This annoys the king.
He performs a yagna.
Where he invites all gods.
Sati attends this sacrifice and is insulted by her father.
Unable to bear this  Sati kills herself.
Shiva destroys Daksha s sacrifice  cuts off Daksha s head and replaces it with that of a goat  and restores his life.
Later he picks up.
The remain and performs Rudra Thandavam  a dance that will lead to the destruction of Universe  but the other gods intervene.
The Disc cuts through the Sati s corpse.
Her body parts  known  fall in several places on the Indian subcontinent.
<EOS>
Tycoon John Wellington hires Secret Serviceman Jack Travis to protect her.
When a rival businessman Jenner threatens his daughter Diana.
Travis hires the eccentric mercenary Baxter  also a former SS agent  to assist.
So  Travis and Baxter are hired to protect his daughter.
It all seems simple enough meet Diana they quickly find themselves in an increasingly complex and deadly situation.
Which almost no one is exactly who she or he seems to be.
<EOS>
A stage magician conjures up a dove.
He then places.
A boy appears.
Who the magician divides with an axe.
The two boys squabble and the magician transforms one.
He shreds and places the other back.
The magician then destroys the box.
The boy has vanished.
The boy reappears and is transformed.
The magician then disappears to re-enter through a door to take his bow.
<EOS>
NYPD Lieutenant Nick Chen is head.
His job is to keep the peace from a turf war  a problem complicated by the fact.
Has broken out.
He is also an informant under uncle Benny Chan and his lieutenant Henry Lee.
Chen is reluctantly teamed up with Danny Wallace.
Who is unaware.
Wallace was also secretly tasked to monitor Chen for corruption.
Danny lied by claiming.
He took the job to gain his Detective shield the fastest.
Chen saves Danny s life.
Danny  knowing  then promptly initiates a bust  not knowing.
His life is now.
There was an undercover FBI agent as well.
Danny is introduced to Henry.
Henry then discusses the potential value.
Uncle Benny allows.
Benny is able to lure Danny.
Danny   is then given a commendation for valor.
Chen now suspects.
Danny   is working for the Tongs.
Eventually  Wallace begins to work after discovering.
Chen has been doing the same.
They inadvertently cross paths.
Doing this  throwing their initial trust out the window as well as putting the intentions of Henry Lee into question.
Chen hates the Fukienese.
Neither he nor Wallace know.
Henry Lee is secretly forming a partnership  a relationship that will result in them ousting Uncle Benny after tipping off their Hong Kong associates that he is cooperating with the FBI.
Both Henry and Bobby know.
There is an FBI agent undercover.
It leads.
Leads. 
Both Danny and Nick swear not to talk to the FBI without talking to each other first  further cementing their relationship.
However  the FBI find out Danny s real reason and threaten to expose him.
He is willing to spy.
He alerts Nick.
When one firsthand the assassination of Uncle Benny at the hands of Bobby under authorization from Henry.
Who then alerts the District Attorney because she is looking to indict the Tongs.
The DA  the FBI  and both Wallace and Chen decide.
They want to catch Bobby and decide to hold off on the arrests.
Henry chooses to alert Chen  leaving him deciding.
Whether or not to kill Wallace to prevent getting arrested.
Wallace is.
Injured and while trying to protect an elderly woman  is left vulnerable to be killed.
Nick pushes Danny out and is hit by the bullet originally meant for Danny.
The FBI is furious.
Danny did not reveal Chen s corruption due that his leaking of information led directly to the death of an undercover FBI agent.
Danny refused to withdraw his original statement telling them.
Nick died a good cop.
Nick dies due.
Sometime later  Danny is seen leading the arrest under the information.
Nick s informant gave them.
Nick is then given a hero s funeral.
Wallace is seen.
<EOS>
The movie is set.
King Edward the Confessor wants Saxon Lord Leofric   Yolanda.
Who rules Coventry  to marry a Norman woman.
He is sentenced.
When he refuses.
Where he meets Godiva  the sheriff s sister.
The two fall.
Soon they are wed.
The times are turbulent.
Godiva proves a militant bride  unhistorically  unrest led to her famous ride.
The plot is quite notable.
Released  late in the epoch of this style of historical adventure there are some playful subtleties  a touching opportunity to see the 69 year old McLaglen in a competent action role.
And a very striking example.
<EOS>
A police officer  Rajesh is an expert.
Rajesh lives  and has a love interest in Rita.
The department discovers  and start to guard.
Which Rajesh works.
There are people interested.
Rajesh is kidnapped and taken abroad.
The kidnappers keep Rajesh imprisoned and send a look-alike  Jackoss  back to deceive the department.
Jackoss is a.
A voice different.
To deceive Rajesh s department  he uses contact lenses and tells them.
He lost his voice.
Rita believes him and accepts him.
She has some misgivings.
Rajesh s dog and cook realise  so Jackoss kills them to avoid their exposing him.
What has happened.
The authorities are also less trusting and do not allow Jackoss to enter the high-security zone.
<EOS>
Tony Manero is a 19-year old Italian American neighborhood of New York City.
Tony lives at home  and works a dead-end job in a small hardware store by day.
But every Saturday night  Tony is king.
Tony has four close friends  Joey  Double J  Gus  and the diminutive Bobby C.
Another informal member is Annette  a neighborhood girl.
Who longs.
One plot device is the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge.
Which the friends ritually stop to clown around  but is particularly symbolic to a better life on the other side.
Tony agrees to be Annette s partner.
Her happiness is.
When Tony becomes infatuated at the club  Stephanie Mangano.
Stephanie coldly rejects Tony s advances  but eventually agrees to be his partner.
Tony s older brother  Frank Jr.
Brings despair.
Who was the pride.
When he quits the priesthood.
Tony shares a warm relationship.
But feels vindicated  no longer being the black sheep.
It was the Barracudas.
Gus is attacked by a Hispanic gang and is hospitalized  and tells the guys.
Meanwhile  Bobby C.
Has been trying to get out.
Who is pregnant.
Facing pressure to marry her  Bobby asks former priest Frank Jr.
Would grant him dispensation for an abortion.
But  Bobby s feelings.
When Frank tells him this would be highly unlikely.
Bobby C also lets Tony borrow his 1964 Chevrolet Impala to help move Stephanie  with Tony promising to call him later that night.
Tony does not.
Eventually  the group gets their revenge  and crash Bobby C s car into their hangout.
Tony  Double J and Joey get.
Takes off.
When a gang member tries to attack him.
They are angry.
When the guys visit Gus.
When he tells them that he may have fingered the wrong gang.
Later  Tony and Stephanie dance and end up winning first prize.
However  Tony believes.
A Puerto Rican couple performed better.
The judges  decision was based.
He gives the Puerto Ricans the first prize  and leaves in tow.
He tries to rape Stephanie  resulting in her fleeing from him.
Tony s friends come along with a drunken and stoned Annette  has agreed to have sex with everyone.
Who Joey says.
Tony tries to lead her away  but is subdued  and sullenly leaves with the group in the car.
Double J and Joey take turns.
Who begins to sober up.
Bobby C.
Pulls the car over.
Typically abstaining  Bobby gets out and performs more dangerous stunts.
Realizing  Tony tries to get him to come down.
He is acting recklessly.
But upset  his situation with Pauline  and a broken promise from Tony earlier  Bobby issues a tirade at Tony s lack of care before slipping and falling to his death more than two hundred feet in the water below.
Disgusted and disillusioned  Tony spends the rest of the night riding the subway.
He finally shows up  apologizing for his bad behavior.
Morning comes.
He tells her.
He plans to leave Brooklyn and come to try and start a new life.
Tony and Stephanie salvage their relationship and agree to be friends  sharing a tender moment.
<EOS>
Jin-gyu  an out school graduate  applies for the position of director with pornographic film company.
The following day called All Nude Boy  and must become accustomed.
He is hired.
The production s lead actress  Sabine  becomes attracted.
The two end up spending the night together.
Later  Jin-gyu gets an offer to work.
<EOS>
Ted Healy is a producer trying to stage an elaborate musical revue.
His efforts are constantly interrupted.
Ted is able to get the show ready.
The Three Stooges slip beneath the enormous hoopskirt costume worn by the leading vocalist.
They emerge during the performance  ruining the show.
<EOS>
A teacher moulds the character.
She is our 2nd mother.
She teaches us.
What is right and wrong.
Mi-ja   invites several to her house  16 years after their graduation.
Who has been taking care.
Park has been residing in the countryside  suffering from an illness.
Her ex-student  Mi-ja  cares.
Se-ho  Eun-young  Sun-hee  Dal-bong  and Myung-ho each resent her.
Se-ho and Eun-young   are planning.
Who were the president and.
They remember the time.
They were belittled for being poor.
Sun-hee  skinny and beautiful  was made fun.
Dal-bong   becomes handicapped due.
Who had dreamed.
Myung-ho was sexually abused.
She also used to lock her deformed son -LCB-.
Who wore a bunny mask.
The other children made fun.
Myung-ho s mother   was dismissed.
Who filed a complaint.
The students start to die.
The night continues.
See-ho is killed.
When the killer stuffs pieces into his mouth and applies hot water from the teapot.
Eun-young is killed  Dal-bong is killed.
When her eyes are stappled.
When the killer stuffs black ants and smashes his head with a baseball bat.
The bunny-masked killer is assumed to be her deformed son  coming back for revenge.
Sun-hee tries to take revenge on Mrs Park but fails.
When Mi-Ja appears and both have a short fight and ends when Mi-Ja throws Sun-hee down a cliff injuring her head and apparently cut  the masked killer turns out to be Jung-won  a shy boy who was humiliated in class because he defecated in his pants.
The movie continues.
The detectives realize.
Mi-Ja is actually the killer.
They realize this.
When they go and see the skeleton of his mom.
The detectives see pictures and news clippings.
The police find out.
Jung-won is actually.
Mi-Ja lures all her classmates to the reunion and poisons them all.
Everything  actually happened.
Had supposedly happened.
They all went off to lead successful and happy lives.
Se-ho had said earlier.
They did visit Ms.
Park every year.
They thought as a good teacher.
Mi-Ja kills herself after confronting Ms.
Park.
Who tried to save her but fails due.
The movie ends.
Park s empty wheelchair.
Park having committed suicide.
<EOS>
Bulgaria.
The factory worker Vasil ` Vasko  Georgiev has problems with the local communist agent.
Who wants Vasko to spy and report them.
Bai Dan is the local King and is accused by the local authorities as having an illegal business of producing hand-made backgammon sets.
Facing a moral dilemma  Vasko decides to emigrate to Western Europe with his wife Yana and his son Aleksander ` Sashko.
Germany  year.
Sashko and his parents are to Bulgaria for the first time.
They have emigrated.
But they suffer a severe car accident.
Which Vasko and Yana die.
Sashko is taken.
His grandfather Bai Dan decides to go and try to help Sashko restore his past.
He starts teaching him play backgammon.
Sashko is forced by his grandfather to leave the hospital and to start a journey with him on a tandem bicycle.
A journey.
Takes them back and back to Sashko s past.
<EOS>
The Pink Panther embarks to the South Seas for 14 days.
The luxurious holiday turns out to be a pirate ship operated.
Who orders the panther to mop the deck.
The panther accidentally sets fire.
Later loads cannonballs incorrectly  causing the ship s weight to shift.
Finally   the cannonball instead cracks a hole.
When the pirate tries to kill a vicious shark.
It sinks.
<EOS>
Julian Torralba is a former film stuntman.
He and several   now are reduced to doing stunt shows for minuscule audiences on the decaying set built for those old Westerns.
Who once made a living.
Julian wrestles.
Carlos  a young boy  becomes intrigued and runs away to join Julian and his band of.
There Carlos is initiated.
But  she moves to destroy even this remnant.
When Laura  a powerful executive looking  learns that Carlos has joined the hated Julian.
Julian and the cowboys decide to fight back the only way.
They know how.
<EOS>
The film is about a doctor  played  he invented.
Who takes revenge by the use of a new medicine.
This medicine creates split personality.
This film was based.
<EOS>
Joan Gordon is a torch singer.
Who has been performing since age 15  who runs away from her high profile gangster boyfriend Eddie Fields  in order to marry Don Leslie  a first-class citizen who can provide Joan with a secure future.
However  Don s father has done a check-up  and finds out about her relationship with Eddie.
She decides to run away.
When Don dumps her.
She changes her name and starts working as a performer.
Sometime later  one recognizes her  and informs his boss.
Aware  Joan trades places.
She can not stay forever.
Who had used her picture when corresponding.
Offering the bride a large sum  Joan becomes a mail-order bride to the farmer  Jim Gilson.
Their relationship has a rocky start  and suggests.
When  a put off Joan rejects Jim s attempts to make love with her.
They sleep apart.
The next morning  she tries to apologize.
Jim is not interested.
Joan   tries to win his affection.
Who falls in love with him.
Jim remains unmoved.
Meanwhile  he is informed.
He will lose his land if he does not make profit anytime soon.
He has to convince fellow farmer Bull McDowell.
Though he is certain that he has developed great wheat seed that can save him.
Who has offered to buy his land.
He is unhappy with another man thriving her attention  and starts a fight with him.
Sometime later  Joan drives out.
Who is giving birth.
Joan has already broken with her city-girl image and slowly progressed into a farmer s wife.
She helps the old woman and her adolescent daughter  and then races to return to her husband.
There  she is informed.
He has taken.
She finds out.
The man is no other.
She initially pretends not to know him.
Eddie quickly tries to take her  triggering Eddie s suspicion.
Realizing  Jim concludes.
His wife s past is a big lie.
Joan is worthless and suggests her to leave.
Joan however  refuses to leave him and even goes as far.
Jim is allowed to pay of his debts until after the harvest.
Joan continues to stand.
Jim is unable to forgive her.
Meanwhile  Bull has set the farm.
Joan and Jim finally reconcile.
When Joan gets injured due.
Together  they put out the fire.
Which Jim finally admits that he loves her.
<EOS>
China is marked by political disunity.
A handful  including Mao Zedong  Li Dazhao  and Zhou Enlai  envision a unified China  especially in the political crises.
Followed the 1911 Xinhai Revolution  which ended centuries in the country.
The Western Allies give Tsingtao and Kiaochow Bay to the Empire of Japan  stirring sentiments amongst China s youth  leading to the May Fourth Movement of.
Grigori Voitinsky comes to China in an attempt to spread communism to the Far East and  on 22 July 1921  thirteen representatives from throughout China meet in a Shanghai s women s dormitory to found.
What would become the Chinese Communist Party.
<EOS>
Colonel Proudfoot tries to entice a couple of newly qualified dentists to advertise Dreem  a revolutionary type of toothpaste  but he knows.
If the dentists learn that they are part  they will be struck off.
The campaign will be a disaster.
<EOS>
It covers the life - beginning just before his Restoration to the throne in.
He was deeply traumatized  after the former s defeat in the Wars of the Three Kingdoms  it begins  however  with his penurious exile in Antwerp in.
The mini-series  emphasis is.
Led. 
Whom would succeed him.
The mini-series dramatizes both Charles s laziness and frivolous diversion  leaving political issues  but becoming increasingly irritated by the paternalistic way.
Hyde behaves.
Dismissing Hyde  he takes the reins himself  determined.
His brother should succeed him  and that Royal Power not be challenged by Parliament.
The production won the British Academy Television Award in 2004  the series was also nominated for a minor Emmy.
<EOS>
Released after serving 2 years and 3 months for carrying a concealed weapon  professional thief and bank robber Earl Macklin is told by his girlfriend Bett of his brother s execution by the Outfit.
He overpowers.
Heisting a mob poker game.
His brother robbed was a front.
Who  having killed his brother  now have a contract.
Macklin teams up Cody and starts to hit the Outfit to accrue $ 250000 compensation.
He feels he s due.
Promised the pay-off  but then double crossed  Macklin and Cody decide to topple the whole organization by invading his well-guarded home and killing him.
<EOS>
Best friends - one a straight woman  Abbie  the other a gay man  Robert.
Who decide to have a child together.
Five years later  Abbie falls with a heterosexual man and wants to move away with him and Robert s little boy Sam.
A nasty custody battle ensues.
<EOS>
Pat Delaney is working.
She is.
He does not seem to notice her  though.
He is used.
He is.
Larry s boss warns him  explaining.
He has been incurring a lot since he began dating her and that his act is no longer as powerful as in the past.
One day  Pat and Larry get acquainted.
She intimates.
She has feelings and that they should do an act together.
He convinces the circus manager to give Pat a try.
He makes clear that his heart belongs.
Later that day  Pat catches Zara having a date.
He madly confronts Zara and threatens to beat up Tony.
When she tells Larry.
He is interrupted.
He has to perform.
He is unable to concentrate and falls off the.
He is taken and soon recovers.
Then goes missing.
He refuses to come back and spends his time getting drunk instead.
He sympathizes.
When he finds out that Zara and Tony have left the circus and are now struggling to get work.
He is not planning.
Together they form an act.
It soon becomes clear.
Larry has lost his talent.
Pat has trouble breaking.
She convinces him to teach her.
To walk a.
He finds his talent again and urges Zara to come back to work on the greatest tight-rope act in history.
She feels used and confronts Larry before leaving in tears.
When Pat finds out.
The circus manager tries to comfort her and offers her her own wire act.
Meanwhile  Larry is left behind.
Who turns out to have married Tony.
A drunken Larry tells Pat about his failure.
She misses her premiere and is fired.
She tries to comfort him.
Larry has collapsed.
Pat decides to pose on stage.
He shows his gratitude and kisses her.
When Larry awakens.
<EOS>
Book editor George Caldwell travels aboard a train called the Silver Streak.
George meets.
The trip begins.
A vitamin salesman named Bob Sweet and has dinner and drinks.
Hilly works.
Who is.
George and Hilly go to her room for a night of romance.
Meanwhile  three men kill Schreiner.
A few minutes later  George sees Schreiner s body hanging  but George is drunk.
It falls.
Hilly insists.
It must be his imagination.
He sees Schreiner s photograph on the cover of his book   and recognizes him as the dead man.
Hilly has.
George also finds an envelope.
The men  a crook named Edgar Whiney  and a thug named Reace.
Who killed Schreiner are Johnson  who bears a resemblance.
Whiney answers the door and has Reace throw George.
When George goes.
George walks and meets an old lady  Rita Babtree.
Who flies him.
Now back  he sees Hilly dining with art dealer Roger Devereau  and begins to suspect her  with Johnson impersonating Schreiner.
When Devereau  Whiney  and Johnson enter her room.
Devereau apologizes for the misunderstanding involving Reace.
Johnson mentions the Rembrandt letters  then expresses his desire to return to soothe his nerves.
George  embarrassed  goes and begins drinking heavily.
Devereau then smacks Hilly.
Later  a drunken George confides about his misadventure.
Sweet confirms George s suspicions.
Sweet reveals.
He is actually an undercover federal agent named Stevens and that Devereau is a wanted criminal who passes himself off.
Whiney  Reace  and Johnson are Devereau s henchmen.
Two paintings are actually forgeries.
Devereau authenticated.
Devereau plans to have the professor s imposter botch an upcoming lecture  thereby discrediting the book.
George recalls the envelope.
He saw.
The two men go.
Where they find the envelope containing letters written himself  proving Devereau s guilt.
Stevens is killed immediately after this discovery.
George is knocked off the train after killing Reace in a rooftop shootout with a speargun.
Now again  George tries to notify the local sheriff  but is instead accused of Sweet s murder.
Forced to escape  he steals a patrol car.
Which he meets small-time thief Grover T.
Muldoon.
Working  George and Grover make their way to Kansas City to meet the train.
Police are looking  so Grover disguises him as a flamboyant black man.
The ruse works  they are able to avoid capture and board the train.
Back  George and Grover separate to find and rescue Hilly.
George is knocked unconscious and taken to Devereau s room along with Hilly.
Devereau plans to frame George  then have them both killed.
Grover enters the room disguised and holds Devereau at gunpoint.
George and Grover jump off the train and are arrested and taken to a small abandoned train station.
Where Federal agent Donaldson explains that the police were only trying to protect George and that he planted the Sweet murder story.
George tells Donaldson  and Donaldson orders his men to prepare for an attack on the train.
He then contacts the railroad to have the Silver Streak make an emergency stop.
Meanwhile  Devereau burns the Rembrandt letters.
He and his henchmen prepare to escape.
The passengers have disembarked  a shootout ensues.
George and Grover jump an engineer to start it moving again.
An agent shoots Whiney  George shoots Johnson.
Devereau shoots the engineer and places a toolbox.
Devereau is then shot  becomes stuck hanging out of the locomotive s cab  and is decapitated by an oncoming train.
George  Hilly  and Grover think.
They will exit the train  but because of the toolbox on the dead man s brake pedal  the train becomes a runaway.
Devereau also had his men disconnect all the emergency brakes cables  making it impossible to stop the train.
George uncouples the passenger cars.
The people are instructed to evacuate.
The engine roars  jumps the tracks and thunders through the terminal  destroying everything in its path.
People flee.
The passenger cars gently coast behind it.
Grover steals a sports car and drives away.
Was. 
George and Hilly kiss and begin their relationship anew.
<EOS>
This allegorical tale concerns the gap.
Exists as Latino kids try to pursue the American Dream.
An 18-year-old youth returns to Los Angeles with aspirations of becoming a movie star.
Who sells maps as a cover.
Things start to look up.
When he hooks up.
However his overbearing father and his mentally unstable mother threaten to get.
<EOS>
An Indian kickboxer defeats a Pakistani kickboxer.
But the event ends.
Will the peace process  initiated lose its momentum   and country during a second international bout.
Specially when the Indian hero s brother is determined to avenge his family.
Is being held this time.
<EOS>
A young woman and her grandmother sit by a spinning wheel.
The wind suddenly makes the front door open.
The woman says.
It is a bad omen.
The woman is visited.
Who goes out to fish for sardines.
The wind starts to harden.
Soon there is a full storm.
The grandmother tells the woman.
People believed in storm masters  old men who could control the wind  but that such things only are superstition.
She goes  and asks the keepers about an old man.
The woman grows increasingly worried.
Who might be a storm master.
She visits the man but eventually brings out a crystal ball.
Who at first is reluctant.
The stormy sea appears.
Move. 
When the man gently blows.
The man drops the ball.
It breaks.
The fiance turns up and brings the woman home.
The wind has calmed down.
<EOS>
The story unfolds as Cyrus DeBarges.
Who is a pastor s son  and his best friend Kris McDuffy reunite Roxanne Roxie Andrews  whose music label is sponsoring a songwriting contest at a teen club.
Cyrus  a shy busboy and Youth Choir director  crafts.
Who writes rap music.
A heartfelt and contest-winning rhyme song called Do nt Run Away ends up mistaking him for Kris.
Knowing  Cyrus stands.
Kris wants to be.
Kris not only takes credit but ultimately begins to win Roxie s heart too.
Cyrus begins straying farther and farther away from Kris.
Meanwhile  a conflict is beginning to form.
Rap is the Devil s music.
Cyrus and Roxie get to know each other.
Roxie says.
She can talk better than she can talk to Kris.
Eventually  Cyrus  father comes to accept and support him.
He reveals.
He is Truth.
However.
Cyrus is Truth.
She was played.
She tells him and Kris to stay out.
Cyrus then has a rap battle.
Cyrus wins.
Bling is.
Kris eventually tells Roxie and only pretended.
Cyrus is a great person.
He was nt Truth.
They did nt try to hurt Roxie  he also says.
Cyrus is real and that s who she needs to be.
Roxie then goes.
They sing Let it Shine.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Resat  a withdrawn and asocial young man  represses his feelings next door  and adds excitement to his life with petty theft.
Who works.
The film turns.
Resat has to make sense it contains.
<EOS>
Christian Martin  a modest accountant  surprises his boss by asking him for a 100 % increase in his wages.
Martin is.
Making a lowly accountant s salary.
Martin tells him.
Barnier refuses to give him the raise.
He s stolen more than sixty million francs by falsifying the firm s accounting records.
Martin points out.
When Barnier threatens to report this.
As a consequence has now submitted false income statements to the tax office  a serious crime.
Barnier has no choice but to give in to blackmail.
He agrees to give Martin the raise and name him.
Martin then reveals.
The young woman whom he intends to marry is Barnier s daughter.
Barnier asks Martin to give back the stolen monies.
Order to recover his sixty million francs.
That he can give them.
Barnier learns.
Martin converted the sum.
The jewels are.
He tells Martin to get the jewelry.
Martin refuses.
He will give the jewelry.
Barnier agrees.
Martin leaves.
Barnier talks.
Martin is gone.
He tells her.
He s opposed.
Colette lies to her father and tells him.
She s pregnant.
Hearing this  Barnier decides to approve the marriage and give the sixty million francs/jewelry to Colette.
A young woman named.
Jacqueline Bouillotte comes to see him.
She tells Barnier.
She s and that she lied to him and told him that she was Barnier s daughter.
Barnier realizes.
This means that Martin is not.
It also dawns.
He wo nt be able to get his sixty since they wo nt be getting married.
Barnier learns.
She s.
Martin comes back from the bank.
Barnier gets the jewelry   from him.
Martin then learns.
Jacqueline has lied about being Barnier s daughter  which causes them to argue and break up.
Barnier has discovered.
Oscar had joined a six year polar expedition due that he ll give him back the suitcase with the jewelry if he ll marry Colette.
Martin hesitates and tries to put Barnier.
Colette s maid Bernadette announces her resignation and packs her suitcase  she is going to marry Colette s former fiance the Baron Honore de la Butiniere.
Bernadette puts down her suitcase filled and accidentally picks up the suitcase containing the sixty million francs worth of jewelry.
She leaves the house.
Barnier tries to persuade his masseur to marry his daughter Colette  promising to give him the suitcase.
Barnier almost has a heart attack.
When he opens the suitcase and finds clothes inside.
Martin comes back and tells Barnier.
Before he had gone  while they were discussing giving the jewelry to Colette as a wedding present  he had hidden a piece of paper among the documents.
He had also signed a document giving Martin banking power.
When Barnier had signed an agreement to give Colette the jewelry.
This allowed Martin to divert sixty million more francs.
Martin offers to exchange this second stolen sum.
Barnier gives Martin the suitcase thinking.
It s the suitcase.
However  unbeknownst Bernadette s driver had come back with the suitcase of jewelry and exchanged it for the suitcase of clothes.
Barnier  thinking  invents an address and sends him on his way.
He s given Martin the clothes.
Barnier again finds himself with Bernadette s suitcase full of clothes.
Barnier recovers.
The suitcase filled from Martin who has discovered that the address Barnier had given him for Jacqueline is wrong.
Barnier  pleased to have finally recovered the suitcase filled confesses to inventing the address to get rid of Martin and tells him.
Jacqueline is.
Charlotte enters the house.
All is going on a lady named.
She s been sent to replace Bernadette as Colette s maid.
She tells Barnier.
When she was younger she worked and that she had a daughter who is now engaged to a man named Christian Martin.
Barnier realizes.
The young woman being discussed is Jacqueline and Charlotte reveals that Jacqueline is Charlotte and Barnier s daughter.
Barnier needs several minutes to recover.
Which time Oscar returns home.
All seems to end well.
However   Bernadette arrives thinking.
Everybody is congratulating each other.
There has been a mistake.
She inconspicuously exchanges the suitcases.
Barnier asks Martin to open the now famous suitcase  thinking.
He is going to take the jewelry out and give it to his daughters as a wedding present.
He has an apoplectic fit.
It s full.
Everybody jumps.
<EOS>
Irish woman Molly Malone is with Paddy OReilly.
Who emigrates to better himself.
He enlists and is sent to the front.
Another Irishman  Mick  desires Molly and swears vengeance.
Molly dreams.
Paddy and Mick fight but then sees that she is reunited.
<EOS>
Clubfooted Philip Carey decides to study medicine.
He meets and falls.
Who takes advantage for her.
Philip falls with Nora Nesbitt  a writer.
When she leaves him to marry another man.
Who encourages him to complete his studies.
Mildred returns  pregnant and abandoned  and Philip takes her in and cares for her  ending his relationship with Nora.
Mildred has an affair.
Staying. 
She tells Philip and walks out.
When Philip confronts her.
She s repulsed.
Philip becomes an intern at a London hospital.
He learns and seeks her out.
Mildred is working.
Where she s living.
He takes the two.
Once again Mildred leaves him.
He discovers.
When he finally finds her.
Mildred   dies in her spurned lover s arms.
<EOS>
Vanina Vanini  a bored  spoiled Roman countess  falls with a dedicated young patriot.
Who is to assassinate a traitor to the brotherhood of the Free Masons.
<EOS>
Leonard Chess  a Polish immigrant  becomes the founder of a record label.
Opens the doors to record music.
This leads.
It covers the ups and downs of the world.
<EOS>
The island lives in fear of the Minotaur  a dreadful beast trapped inside a labyrinth under the royal palace.
The monster is venerated.
To appease it  the Cretians regularly sacrifice a maiden.
One day  Minos  wife Pasiphae is dying.
She reveals  A twin sister  Ariadne  lives in secrecy on the Greek mainland in a humble village.
Her daughter  the royal princess Phaedra  was not their only child.
She was brought there to save her.
Now the queen s last wish is to see her daughters united again.
Phaedra   does not want to share the throne and sends to kill Ariadne.
Minos consents.
Who is a powerhungry and evil schemer.
Chirone raids the village  killing Ariadne s foster parents.
Ariadne is saved.
Who happen to pass and drive away the brigands.
Demetrio immediately notices Ariadne s striking resemblance to Princess Phaedra.
Ariadne knows nothing.
Theseus and Ariadne accompany Demetrios back.
Chirone returns  alerting Phaedra to their arrival.
Phaedra has her soldiers go  Ariadne is captured  Demetrio killed.
Theseus is almost slain as well.
Rescued  but refusing her offer to stay with her and become immortal  Theseus returns secretly to Knossos to free Ariadne.
Phaedra has meanwhile prepared to dispose by throwing her into a pit with hungry Hyenas  but as Theseus attacks  Phaedra herself ends up in the pit.
To save Theseus  Ariadne is forced to take her sister s place.
But Chirone notices  but promises to keep her secret as long.
His princess has suddenly changed and reveals his knowledge to Ariadne.
She surrenders herself.
However  Aegeus  presuming his son to have been murdered  has led a war against Crete and lost.
The people of Athens must now surrender a group of young people in regular intervals as sacrifices to the Minotaur.
Theseus manages to procure a sword and voluntarily enters the labyrinth and slays the Minotaur.
The first group  which is joined  is about to be herded into the labyrinth.
Meanwhile a riot breaks out.
Chirone is killed.
Ariadne   helps him out.
Who has followed him.
They return alive and.
<EOS>
Ray and his friends want to lease an old restaurant.
They can tunnel to a nearby bank.
Frenchy covers.
What they are doing.
The bank robbery scheme is a miserable failure.
Selling cookies makes them millionaires.
They franchise the business.
Frenchy throws a big party and overhears people making fun of their decorating taste and lack of culture.
She asks a man named David to train her and Ray.
They can fit in.
Ray hates every minute.
Frenchy likes their new culture.
Is. 
What Ray and Frenchy do nt know.
David is really just using Frenchy to get money.
Ray finally gets fed up and leaves Frenchy.
David and Frenchy go.
She s been defrauded.
There  she gets a call and finds out.
She s lost everything.
David immediately dumps her.
Meanwhile  Ray has gone back and tries to steal a valuable necklace at a party.
He has had a duplicate made and through a series gets the duplicate and real one mixed up.
He finds out.
Frenchy is broke so he leaves and goes to see her.
He consoles her.
He stole the valuable necklace and shows it.
Her new-found cultural enlightenment enables her to tell  Ray has gotten the wrong one.
The necklace was a fake.
But she produces a cigarette case.
She has given as a gift and steals back when he dumps her.
It once belonged.
They reconcile  decide to sell it and go together.
<EOS>
A man  suddenly gone blind  mistakes another woman.
She is left penniless.
When nurse Hilda Nevers returns.
Her father has died.
She goes to work.
Where Dr Kitchell is impressed.
Evelyn is engaged.
Night  Sinton is blinded.
When a burglar hits him.
Hilda is substituted.
Who is then free to continue her affair.
A family friend finally exposes the situation.
Hilda and Sinton have fallen in love.
Sinton has an operation.
Restores his sight.
He and Hilda are united.
<EOS>
Lieutenant Barney Nolan  a 16-year veteran  has had enough.
One night  he fatally shoots a bookmaker in the back and steals the $.
He was carrying.
He then claims.
The man was killed trying to escape custody.
Sergeant Mark Brewster  his friend and partner  believes him.
Does the Captain.
However  newspaper reporter Cabot suspects otherwise.
Packy Reed  the dead man s boss  sends private investigators Fat Michaels and Laddie ONeil to tell Barney.
He wants to see him.
Packy gives Barney one chance to return the money.
Barney is uncooperative.
Barney takes his girlfriend  Patty Winters  to see a house  then slips away to hide the money outside.
She accepts.
When he asks Patty to marry him.
Deaf-mute Ernst Sternmuller goes  but gives a note explaining he witnessed the crime to Barney  not recognizing him.
Barney goes.
Angrily pushes the old man away.
When Sternmuller turns him down.
Sternmuller falls  strikes his head  and dies.
Barney stages it to look  unaware.
The man had written down his account.
Mark finds it and takes it.
Who initiates a manhunt.
Meanwhile  Barney runs at a restaurant.
Furious  he savagely beats them.
The pair had harassed Patty.
He persuades Patty to pack up and start a new life.
When Barney finds out he is a wanted man.
Mark tries to take him  but is knocked out.
Barney changes and goes into hiding.
He arranges to Buenos Aires.
Finds. 
When he goes to pick up the ticket.
He has been set up.
He and a bandaged Michaels shoot it out.
Panicked swimmers dive.
Barney manages to kill Michaels and heads.
Mark learns.
The only place the $ 25000 could have been hidden.
The police converge.
They have no choice.
When Barney starts shooting.
To kill him.
<EOS>
The movie is framed telling stories about their relationships.
Several stories are told.
The story begins.
Harry Burns and Sally Albright finish college and meet.
Harry is presumably starting a career   Harry is dating a friend of Sally s  Amanda.
The film s underlying theme arises.
Emerge. 
Harry evinces the view  even he finds unattractive.
Men and women ca nt be friends because the sex part always gets.
Sally disagrees  claiming.
Men and women can be strictly friends.
At a stop in a diner  Sally is angered  she accuses him of making a pass at her.
When Harry tells her she is attractive.
They part on less than friendly terms.
Five years later  they meet and find themselves on the same plane.
Both are  Sally has just started dating a man named Joe --.
Who happens to be an old friend.
Harry is engaged.
Surprises Sally.
Harry suggests  they can never be friends.
They become friends  forcing him to elaborate.
The sex part gets.
They separate concluding.
They will not be friends.
Harry and Sally meet yet again five years later.
They have coffee together and talk.
Have ended.
They take a walk and decide to be friends.
They have late-night phone conversations  go to dinner  and spend a lot of time together.
Their dating experiences continue to highlight their different approaches to relationships and sex.
Harry and Sally find.
Themselves attracted.
They set each other up.
They remain friends.
The four go   they later get engaged.
Where Marie and Jess hit it off.
One night  Sally tearfully tells Harry.
Her ex  Joe  is getting married.
He rushes.
They unexpectedly have sex that night  resulting the next morning.
Harry quickly leaves.
This creates tension.
Their friendship cools.
The two have a heated argument.
Harry repeatedly attempts to mend his friendship with Sally.
Then  that year  Sally feels alone without Harry by her side.
Meanwhile  Harry is shown spending.
New Year s alone.
Harry appears and declares his love  they make up and kiss.
She decides to leave the party early.
The last segment is an interview  talking about their wedding.
Which couples discuss their relationship histories.
<EOS>
Claire Cooper is a suburban housewife and mother.
Who illustrates children s stories and is married.
Her perfect world unravels.
When her daughter is kidnapped and brutally murdered.
Claire is haunted.
She has several visions.
He commits next.
Claire is committed.
When doctors diagnose her as psychotic.
She receives a vision  so she escapes to track him down and stop him from killing again.
<EOS>
Lady Mary Craven visits an American orphanage  telling the children about an exchange program.
Will allow one child to travel and stay at Misselthwaite Manor  which is now an orphanage.
She meets young Lizzie Buscana.
Who is.
Lady Mary tells Lizzie  whereupon Lizzie agrees to participate.
She can see the garden.
Lizzie arrives and is met at the train station by Martha Sowerby.
Who runs Misselthwaite Manor.
Lizzie quickly discovers and must be and not touch anything.
The children are only allowed to be after church.
Making friends  Lizzie visits the garden after curfew and realizes.
She must help it.
Returning a fire in Robert s room  caused by Robert having fallen asleep with a candle still lit.
She is questioned by Martha as to.
Why she is still dressed and how she knew there was a fire.
Lizzie tells Martha to the garden.
Martha discovers.
Lizzie stole the key.
Martha discovers.
Geraldine told Lizzie.
Geraldine believes.
The key should belong  and that the garden has chosen her  instead of Martha  who could not find the door.
Geraldine   learns that Ms.
Who is jealous.
Sowerby gave the key  and persuades Steven to steal it in revenge for Lizzie s rejection of his feelings.
She assumes.
When Lizzie finds the key missing.
Robert has taken it  knowing.
She goes to find the key and discovers  and threw the key in the pond.
It was Steven who took it.
Lizzie confronts Geraldine.
Who initially denies it  but confesses when Martha punishes her.
Lizzie is told.
Maybe she does not need the key  because.
She tells Mary.
When Martha goes to meet Lady Mary  who has returned.
Though it has been.
Lizzie realises  she gathers the orphans.
The garden has been starved.
Who run.
Lady Mary and Sir Colin arrive and are amazed.
The garden does not look dead as Martha had described.
Lizzie tells Lady Mary.
The garden needed love and that she should not have it closed.
Lady Mary informs Lizzie.
The garden belongs  and that it took a girl from across the sea  many years ago to bring the garden back to life  and that it has taken a girl from across the sea to do it again  and that it is up to her to do as she wishes with the garden.
Lizzie announces.
The garden will stay open so that all the children can enjoy it.
<EOS>
A children s baseball team encounters a talent scout.
Who offers them the chance to play.
They later discover.
They re playing  and that the opposing team has never been defeated because making up one s own rules -- which Earthlings call cheating -- is a common practice in interplanetary baseball.
The Earth team is not doing well against their opponents.
Some suggest  the team s leader  however  insists.
They should cheat as well.
It would be wrong because cheaters never prosper.
The Earth players start anticipating their opponents  tricks and countering them  the spectators are thrilled by this unexpected turn of events.
The Home Team actually enjoys having a genuine challenge to face.
The Earthlings are now winning.
Irwin   tries to put the odds back by entering the game himself.
Who d bet heavily.
It s no use  the Earthlings win the game.
<EOS>
English gentleman Rudolf Rassendyll takes a fishing vacation.
He is puzzled to him.
There. 
Rassendyll discovers.
When he meets Colonel Zapt and Captain Fritz von Tarlenheim.
Zapt introduces him  Rudolf V  not only his distant relative  but also his exact double.
Who turns out to be.
Rudolf is astounded and takes a great liking.
They celebrate their acquaintance.
Rudolf is particularly delighted.
He drinks it all himself.
The next morning brings a disastrous discovery  the wine was drugged.
Rudolf can not be awakened.
Michael will try to usurp the throne.
He can not attend his coronation that day.
Zapt convinces a reluctant Rassendyll to impersonate Rudolf.
Rassendyll meets Rudolf s betrothed  Princess Flavia.
She had always detested her cousin Rudolf.
Now finds him greatly changed.
They fall.
They spend time together.
Rassendyll returns to switch places with his distant cousin  only to find the new king has been found and kidnapped by Rupert of Hentzau  Michael s charmingly amoral henchman.
Rassendyll is forced to continue the impersonation.
Zapt tries to locate Rudolf.
Help comes.
To be king  Michael must marry his cousin Flavia.
Antoinette de Mauban  Michael s jealous French mistress  reveals.
The king is being held and promises to help rescue him.
She proposes.
Rudolf would be killed.
One man swim the moat and hold off his would-be assassins while loyal troops storm the castle.
Rassendyll decides.
He is that man.
Their carefully laid plans go awry.
When Michael finds Rupert trying to seduce his mistress.
A heartbroken Antoinette blurts out enough to alert Rupert.
When Rupert kills him.
Rassendyll dispatches two guards  but must fight a prolonged duel at the same time trying to lower the drawbridge to let Zapt and his men in.
Rupert flees.
When he finally succeeds.
Rudolf is restored.
Rassendyll tries to persuade Flavia to leave  but her devotion to duty is too great.
Their parting is bittersweet.
<EOS>
US Cavalry lieutenant Matthew Hazard  newly graduated from West Point  is assigned to isolated Fort Delivery on the Mexican border of Arizona.
Where he meets commanding officer Teddy Mainwarring s wife Kitty  whom he later rescues.
Soon  takes charge.
He orders Hazard to cajole the man into surrendering.
When his efforts to capture Chiricahua chief War Eagle fail.
Hazard convinces War Eagle to return with the promise.
The Indians will be provided a safe haven.
En route  they encounter Major Miller.
Who orders the Indians be sent.
Hazard and Quaint journey.
C.
To request government officials to reverse their decision and allow Hazard to keep his word.
<EOS>
An evil gang hold up a train to steal a magical Tibetan artifact  the Heaven s Bead from 3 dalai lamas.
This artifact has healing powers and is a highly desirable item.
A battle ensues and the artifact is knocked into the bag of an unsuspecting passerby.
The passerby  oblivious  gets and heads to Hong Kong.
This is  they are aided.
Where the other set come in.
They try to get the Heaven s Bead back.
A secret mission takes place.
Which the good twins infiltrate a high rise building in order to recover the item.
The artifact is then passed.
They initially succeed.
Happy  Lilian s sister  is also kidnapped and held prisoner.
Who is suffering.
The good twins eventually recover the Heaven s Bead and lose it.
While rescuing Happy.
The villains get away.
<EOS>
The weather conditions do nt allow the fishermen to go fishing very often.
The dunes build up  day  over fertile land.
But that s not the worst.
The population is missing the most important element  water.
To calm their thirst and hunger  many villages eat raketa mena  a cactus.
Whose scientific name is Opuntia stricta.
But this cactus is an invader.
Dries out the land.
What is the solution.
<EOS>
Ed Artis  Jim Laws  and Walt Ratterman are former soldiers and modern-day knights.
They travel the world delivering life saving humanitarian aid directly into the hands of civilians and doctors in some of the most dangerous yet beautiful places on Earth  the front lines of war.
They are self-styled Knights.
They formed Knightsbridge International  a unique humanitarian aid organization.
Whose motto is High Adventure and Service.
Their specialty is going.
Where death is as frequent as death from hunger  disease  or the elements.
Their personal convictions and courage drive them.
Any other humanitarian aid organizations are around.
The camera follows Artis  Laws  and Ratterman.
They take us into the heart of humanity and the soul of courage.
Walt Ratterman died afterwards.
<EOS>
Jaag Utha Insan is a love story.
A Brahmin Girl  played respectively in the lead role  well supported by Rakesh Roshan  Sujit Kumar and Deven Verma.
The idea was not accepted well  in spite of good acting by the main star cast and semi-classical music.
- i.
E. 
Sridevi falls with Hari  a Dalit.
She visits.
Her maternal grandfather - who is a staunch Hindu pundit - accompanied  to perform at the village temple  where her grandfather is the.
There  the grandfather decides to get Sandhya married.
Who is also a priest.
Hari  citing the apparent caste difference  urges Sandhya to marry Nandu.
Hence Sandhya marries Nandu.
Night   he sees a Devi in Sandhya  and not his wife.
When Nandu enters the bedroom.
This continues.
People start talking.
Before long  Sandhya confronts Nandu and asks him to try and accept her.
Here Nandu tells her.
He sees a Devi  and not his wife  because she belongs to someone else and not him.
They are bound by the Pundit s chants  mantras  and the seven pheras  but Sandhya has taken the eighth phera   with someone else.
Is the phera.
Thus she belongs  and must go back to him.
Whoever that may be.
Nandu explains this.
The grandfather accepts Sandhya s love  in spite of Hari being a Harijan.
This comes explaining the truth.
Every person is a human being first  and a Shudra.
It is only.
A person becomes a Brahmin.
The common misinterpretation is.
A person acquires his caste.
Hari soon gets this news  and quickly arrives.
His son and the rest opposes it.
Though the head priest accepts Sandhya and Hari s relationship.
A fight breaks out.
Hari and Sandhya lose their lives.
Deven Verma   provides throughout the film  and is the only one besides Nandu   and supports him towards the end.
Who plays the head priest s blood-related grandson.
Who understands the real meaning.
<EOS>
Shalini ` Shalu  lives a wealthy lifestyle and is expected to marry Surajbhan  the son of wealthy Thakursaheb.
She would prefer.
Shyam got married first so that he can have someone to look  but as he was in love with a woman named Maya  who betrayed him  and since then he has taken to alcohol in a big way  and hates women.
He gets married and brings her home with him.
When he fails to convince Shalu to marry.
A thrilled Shalu gives her consent to get married  and also announces.
She would like to give a formal reception.
The reception does take place.
Thakursaheb subsequently informs Shyam.
Surajbhan has already got married abroad.
Shyam asks his friend  Ranjeet  and both arrange to Daulatram s son  however  Bindiya does not approve of him.
Shalu rejects him.
Is. 
What Shalu does not know.
Shyam is not really married  but has hired Bindiya to act  and what Shyam does not know is that Ranjeet is not who he really claims to be  but someone else who has got a number of scores to settle with Shyam.
<EOS>
Second Nature is an examination of the natural boundaries of the human body.
Noah Sakamoto  Patrick Rizzo and J.
M.
Duran star subjects.
They wield skateboards and blue suits to race down the roads in California.
<EOS>
Frankie Avalon and Annette Funicello are husband and wife living together.
Heading to visit their daughter Sandi  Frankie and Annette are appalled to learn.
She has been making time.
They set about to make the beach safe for fun-lovers everywhere by driving out Michael s unsavory friends.
Frankie faces a challenge to his title from the younger surfers  and nearly ruins his marriage by dallying with Connie Stevens -- one of several pop-culture icons appearing in the film  including Fishbone  Don Adams  Bob Denver  Alan Hale  Jr.
Edd Byrnes  Jerry Mathers  Tony Dow  Barbara Billingsley  Dick Dale  Stevie Ray Vaughan  O.
J.
Simpson  and Pee-wee Herman.
The Big Kahuna proves.
He is the king.
His title is safe.
<EOS>
Ajith and Suresh are the proprietors.
The success is the hard work of its Managing Director  Ratheesh.
But  Ratheesh resigns and sets up another firm and started competing with Aanamala.
Ratheesh becomes successful soon.
This makes Ajith and Suresh jealous.
Soon  Ratheesh and his sister gets killed.
When they were hit while travelling on car at Kanichukulangara.
First the police starts investigation.
The investigation does in go in the right way.
Then CBI intervenes.
<EOS>
Aloo Chaat is the story.
Who returns after completing his education.
His family consists.
Nikhil refuses to marry any girl.
His parents show him.
Has them worried.
Nikhil is in love with Aamna  a Muslim girl living in America.
Nikhil knows.
His orthodox father will never allow him to marry a girl.
Who is a sexologist.
He wants to marry an American girl Nikki who is hired with the help of a celebrity singer Sukha Paji who happens to be a patient of Hakim.
This way they will introduce both Nikki and Aamna.
Nikki will exhibit all bad qualities and on the other Aamna will show all her good habits and thus impress his family.
But things go haywire.
When Chhadami Mama starts suspecting them.
Thus starts a comedy.
Things become just as Aloo Chaat.
<EOS>
The story begins  Resa reading the fairy tale Little Red Riding Hood to their baby daughter Meggie.
A red velvet hood appears.
Mo reads the story.
A narrator explains that people known are born with the gift that whenever they read a story out loud  the story becomes real.
12 years later  Mortimer and Meggie are.
Mo has learned.
Nine years prior  Resa had vanished  much.
Hearing the calling  Mo ventures inside.
He finds the book Inkheart and is overwhelmed.
A character from Inkheart appears and attempts to persuade Mo to read him back into the book.
Mo refuses to do so and hastily escapes and travels to Italy to pay a visit to Meggie s great aunt Elinor Loredan.
Elinor accuses Resa   but the two make amends.
Upsets Meggie.
When expressing their mutual passion.
Elinor lets.
Meggie stay.
Dustfinger appears again.
This time having informed the book s villain Capricorn and bringing his minion Basta to capture Mo and his family and take back the book.
The trio are taken and imprisoned in the stables.
House various creatures  such as the ticking Crocodile from Peter Pan  flying monkeys from The Wizard of Oz  and the title character of The Hound of the Baskervilles  as well as the minotaur from the story of Theseus and a unicorn.
Mo explains his gift  stating.
When he reads a person  someone from the real world is sent into it  hence the disappearance of his wife.
They are abruptly taken to meet  and meet his current reader Darius.
Whose perpetual stutter had caused those he had read out  with various deformities and the words of the stories written on their faces.
Capricorn breaks his promise to Dustfinger to have him read back  and throws it onto the fire  burning it.
Dustfinger leaves the group and runs to the kitchen.
Where he learns that one has left her without a voice.
He gives her the access to escape and departs.
One of Ali Baba s thieves  Farid  is summoned from the story and joins the storyteller and his family in imprisonment.
Dustfinger opts not to tell Mo.
His wife is and prompts a quick escape using the famous cyclone from The Wizard of Oz.
Meggie offers the idea.
They escape.
Only the author may have access to a copy of the rare-to-find book.
Elinor decides to leave to recover.
What is left.
Dustfinger stays behind partly.
Order to teach him how to juggle fire.
Also he is afraid of learning his fate at the end of the book.
Fenoglio can not resist approaching his creation and inadvertently blurts out.
Dustfinger dies while saving his marten Gwin.
This devastates the fire juggler.
Who states that the writer is not his god.
He can deem whatever fate.
He chooses.
Dustfinger has no choice.
Mo attempts to find a way.
She was  prompting him and Mo to take Fenoglio s car and leave Meggie behind with Fenoglio.
They discover.
Farid had stowed away  and take him along at his insistence.
Elsewhere  Elinor has a change and does not take the train back to Italy.
Meanwhile  Meggie learns.
She has inherited her father s gift when she accidentally summons Toto.
Basta comes and takes Meggie and Fenoglio back.
Capricorn intends to use Meggie to read the Shadow  Inkheart s supernatural and most deadly villain  out  using a copy of the book.
He had secretly kept.
Meggie is coerced into cooperating or risk Capricorn killing Resa.
Elinor discovers Fenoglio s ransacked apartment and rents a motorbike to save her family.
Dustfinger is captured.
Mo  Farid and Dustfinger work.
He attempts to free Meggie and Fenoglio.
Who is working to rewrite the ending of the Shadow for her to read.
He is unable to free them  and flees  only to return.
Meggie is escorted out to read the Shadow out.
Fenoglio and Resa are caged to be his first meal.
Fenoglio manages to use Toto to give her a page.
He had written.
She manages to call off the Shadow.
She loses the rewrite and Shadow attempts again to kill Resa  Fenoglio  and Mo.
Who had intervened.
Mo gives Meggie a pen to write her own ending.
Using her arm  Meggie manages to send all the book characters back.
Dustfinger misses his chance to return  and departs.
When Elinor  Resa  Mo and Meggie embrace  where Meggie discovers that Inkheart had been taken.
Farid catches up  insisting on traveling with him to find another reader to send Dustfinger back into the copy of Inkheart.
Farid had stolen before the castle collapsed.
Dustfinger agrees.
The two start off together  only to have Mo come up to fulfill his promise to return Dustfinger.
Dustfinger is transported safely back.
Where he reunites.
Farid reveals.
Dustfinger s fate has been changed.
He pulls Gwin.
Dustfinger is again in control of his destiny.
Meggie and Resa invite Farid to live.
Meggie agrees to teach him.
To read.
Farid agrees to teach her.
To use the dragon fire.
<EOS>
God asks the help of 11-year-old Tracy Richards to help promote Himself.
Tracy creates.
The slogan Think God and soon has her friends spreading the message.
But Tracy s parents and psychiatrists think.
The young girl is just crazy.
God is the only one.
Can straighten out the situation.
<EOS>
Bernard  an accountant  plots revenge against his abusive employer  Monsieur Vendome  with the help of his friend Robert.
<EOS>
The film stars Saskia Burmeister.
Who fantasises.
Erica is not very popular.
She sits alone.
It all changes.
When Alison arrives.
Erica is desperate to be Alison s friend but soon changes her mind.
They then become rivals.
They continuously have arguments.
When Erica kisses Barry  Alison s love interest  but  eventually  the two become friends when Erica discovers that Alison does not live the perfect life she imagined.
<EOS>
Traditional rivalry has always existed between the students of Pachaiyappas and Loyola Colleges respectively.
Karthik is poor.
An orphan   travels  hangs out with a number of friends  and is the Captain of his football team.
Who studies.
He is also a good poet and daydreams.
Arun   comes from a rich and wealthy family  studies in Loyola College  drives his own car  hangs out with number of friends  and is also the Captain of his football team.
Riot Arun saves Karthik s life.
So Karthik lets Arun win in a soccer game.
He thinks Arun ca nt take losses easily.
Both become good friends.
They both show a good example to the others in the college road.
Divya is the new girl.
Who causes barbers to shave their clients head off  flowers to cry because she is not walking.
Both fall with her.
Neither realize.
They both love the same woman.
Their friendship is strained.
When they realize.
The end shows Divya walking away with both of them.
They were injured to save her from some rogues.
It is implied.
Divya decides to see both Arun and Karthik as she can not deny either of them s love for her.
<EOS>
Ned Ravine   believes.
Who s both a police officer and a lawyer.
He knows everything  and says that he ll throw away his badge if anyone ever proves him wrong.
Lola shows up  saying.
He encounters a seductive woman named Lola Cain  the next day.
She needs him to look over some papers she s come across.
Meanwhile  Max Shady   starts stalking Ned  planning to kill him.
Who was just released after seven years.
Ned s wife Lana and her auto mechanic Frank   start plotting to kill Ned to collect on his accident insurance    Lana will collect nine million dollars.
Whom she s having an affair.
Has a triple indemnity rider.
Ned is shot  falls  and drowns in a freshwater stream.
Lola gets Ned to come.
Are actually a laundry receipt and an expired lottery ticket.
The two end up having sex in various wild ways.
The next morning  Ned says.
They can never do that again because he loves his wife  this drives Lola to start stalking Ned.
A few days later  Ned takes the train to go  Lana and Frank are also on the train  and.
Is Max.
Lana shoots Max 36 times  mistaking him for Ned.
When the train passes.
He backflips to his death  Ned thinks.
Lana had acted to save his life.
He arrests Lana  and then defends her  getting her cleared of all charges.
Lana later kills Frank  believing  and starts blackmailing Lana.
He was going to abandon her.
Ned confronts Lola  and learns   the doctors had given her a whole new face  causing the man  Frank was the man s son.
She and Lana were once identical twin sisters.
Lana had smashed Lola s face.
She loved to leave her.
Lola s plan was to get revenge on Lana by seducing her husband and ruining her marriage.
Later  Ned s secretary Laura Lincolnberry tells Ned  having figured it out herself.
Upstairs  Lana is attacked.
Who drowns her.
Laura s abusive husband comes in and confronts her  she kills him.
Ned goes upstairs to investigate.
Lola and Ned fight.
Lola falls.
Ned pushes her back through a broken handrail.
Lola and Lana come back  Laura shoots them both.
Ned and Laura embrace each other.
Ned and Laura marry a few days later.
<EOS>
A black comedy.
Who gets.
<EOS>
Sgt.
Michael Ransom and his team are sneaking into a Vietnamese base.
Who are planning to lay explosives.
Colonel Radek and Ransom s majors watch.
All prove to be successful.
One are caught and killed by a sentry  rising the alarm.
The commandos have no choice.
To retreat.
Colonel Radek demands the explosives be set off.
Who is in charged.
The commandos are still retreating.
One kill one of Ransom s soldiers.
He retreats.
Ransom is blown.
Ransom drifts unconscious.
He is found.
He speaks Due a retired French soldier.
Who says the village used to be a church until the Viet Cong kept attacking.
Ransom also learns.
There is a Russian presence.
Ransom agrees to take the Vietnamese village people.
Ransom calls his home base and tells his commander.
They come.
That hes alive and where he could be picked up.
However  he also says.
The Strike team demands justice and that he will strike vengeance.
Radek sends a helicopter to retrieve Ransom.
Ransom and the village people make camp.
Who saved him.
The next day  the group run while trying to cross a river  and are shot down by a nearby patrol boat.
Ransom decides to go and take down the boat.
However  the group is flanked.
Who are taken down.
Ransom dumps a huge amount into the boat and kills everyone in the patrol boat.
Later  the village people still make their retreat out.
He is caught and choked by a Russian soldier.
Le Due stops to catch his breath.
Ransom finds the corpse and finds a Russian patch symbol torn from the soldiers uniform.
The Russian soldiers are.
Ransom kills them by one.
Ransom soon discovers  however.
There are too many and that he must retreat.
Radek commands the helicopter to retreat.
Ransom s major is able to talk the soldier.
Ransoms major is able to calm Ransom so much so.
Ransom volunteers to go back to take pictures so that there will be proof of Russian presence in Vietnam.
Ransom goes back but finds.
The village people have been slaughtered.
Ransom finds the village boy.
Helped him as he is dying.
Ransom tells him more things.
As he dies.
Ransom finds the name and seeks revenge.
Ransom mugs a VC.
He tells him.
Where to find Jakoda.
Ransom  enraged  fires.
Jakoda finds Ransom reloading the weapon.
He is able to talk Ransom.
Ransom s superiors find out.
There are Russians and that now he is going to be tortured.
They brutally torture Ransom.
Ransom breaks and agrees to make a demoralizing radio broadcast.
However  he is able to get the best and kills them.
Ransom takes Jakoda s girlfriend Olga hostage  he is able to kill some.
He then radios Radek to bring another chopper to pick him up.
He kills more.
Olga says.
When Ransom and Olga reach the pick up point.
They will not pick up Ransom but attempt to kill him.
The helicopter flies but kills Olga and almost kills Ransom.
Ransom is able to gun down one.
Ransom then comes and dives in to go kill some more soldiers.
A VC sneaks up and strangles him.
Ransom is able to stab him and dives out.
When the ship explodes.
Ransom comes back and kills a Russian soldier.
Jakoa boots him and challenges Ransom in a fight.
Ransom and Jakoda brutally beat each other  possibly killing him.
Ransom gets the best and propels him into a waterfall.
Ransom yells.
Ransom is able to find his way back and is enraged and looking for Radek.
He fires.
But Ransom s major says.
Radek has gone AWOL.
However  one finds out.
Where Radek is hiding.
Ransom finds out.
Radek has actually become a.
Ransom arrives  and goes to the front desk lady.
Where Radek is.
He then lays a 2-minute gernade.
The lady then alerts all the people.
Ransom roams the halls and mows down all the men.
He then loads a grenade at Radek  blowing him up.
Ransom then leaves the building.
He finds.
Jakoda is back and that he has got a pair from their last fight.
Jakoda tackles Ransom  but Ransom puts a grenade  Ransom runs.
Jakoda explodes  leaving only his metal teeth behind and the echo.
<EOS>
Polly Biggs is the eldest.
Who are taken.
Hoadley despises the children and has only taken them.
His wife  Mrs Hoadley is equally cruel.
One day  Polly Biggs takes the children fishing and meets a young man named John Oxmore.
Who is the son.
Polly discovers.
When she returns home.
Her uncle intends to send all the children as soon as the election is over.
Polly plans to take revenge and immediately takes the children to the poorhouse herself  rather than let her uncle do so.
Mayor Hoadley  frightened  goes to retrieve them.
Voters may be incensed to learn that his nieces and nephews are living.
She and the children flee.
When Polly sees his car arriving.
They find an unoccupied cabin.
Where the brood settle in.
Unbeknownst  the cabin is owned by John Oxmore  the young man.
She met earlier.
He grants Polly permission to keep the children there.
Oxmore finds them.
However  the next day he is accused.
The murder was committed.
John was.
He says nothing.
Polly discovers his fate  she rushes and announces.
John could nt have committed the crime because he was when it occurred.
John is released.
The cruel Mayor Hoadley is arrested and convicted.
<EOS>
Sybylla  a headstrong  free spirited girl growing up  has the opportunity of marriage to a young man  Harry  a wealthy suitor and childhood friend  but rejects it in order to maintain her independence  instead being forced to take a job as governess/housekeeper to the family of an illiterate neighbour.
Whom her father owes money.
She again rejects another proposal by Harry.
She can write her novel  My Brilliant Career.
<EOS>
Three friends  Max  Samuele and Nicola goes with their caravan.
However  Viola   can get on the campers and takes them hostage.
Who has just robbed a bank.
Initially  the three are frightened  but gradually gain confidence.
They fall.
They take the decision to help her in the delivery of some coins of inestimable value.
<EOS>
Ricardo Alfaro is a popular composer and singer.
Who has failed.
However  things change.
When he meets Teresa Montes  a young talented singer  that sings Ricardo s songs.
Teresa became famous and Ricardo returns  the hazy past seems to have been left behind.
They fall.
Both will face hell.
<EOS>
Frank Warren is a treasury agent assigned to put an end.
The undercover agent poses to seek out information but is frustrated.
When all he finds are terrified witnesses and corrupt police officers.
Agent Warren gets critical information.
Most informants end up dead.
<EOS>
Oru Thalai Raagam is a campus romantic film.
Brings nostalgia.
Raja loves Roopa  his college mate.
She does not reciprocate.
It is too late.
When she confirm her love.
<EOS>
Penguins are invading the shores.
Senator Al Gore warns us and.
What we can do to change the threat.
<EOS>
Bumbling parking valets Nong and Teng are assigned to deliver a valuable Chinese statuette to another gangster boss Hia See.
They decide to take a side trip and.
What should have been a simple job turns.
<EOS>
A girl lives.
She spends time reading News Paper  magazines and solving puzzles.
She listens but finds no one.
She feels.
She is alone.
But she is not.
There is another man.
He too feels the same.
He feels.
He is alone but not.
He listens but never faces the girl.
Meanwhile a thief comes.
Then  both the man and girl happen to see each other.
Then a police cop enters the house.
The secret relating sees light.
What are those murders.
<EOS>
Jim Norman  a high school history teacher  moves back to teach after being offered a job there.
He moved.
He witnessed his brother  Wayne  murdered.
The murderers themselves were killed shortly afterward  having parked on the tracks.
Jim has nightmares.
He starts teaching.
Students start to be involved.
Are close.
Look. 
Students are slain.
The greasers  disguised  can return to class.
The greasers plan to kill Jim the same way.
They murdered Wayne to keep themselves out.
They intend to have a child witness the event  leading them to try to kidnap Jim s son Scott.
Jim finds out.
There is a way to let his own brother return.
The gang also needs the remaining living member  Carl Mueller.
Who left before the train struck.
Jim finds Carl.
Who panics  thinking Jim wants revenge.
He runs back  fulfilling the gang s plan for a reunion.
The gang harasses Jim s family to ensure Jim s compliance.
Jim hides them.
The gang releases the family.
The demonic gang can not enter.
Jim tries to bring his brother back and hold them hostage.
The gang lures his wife and son outside.
Jim finds.
Something is blocking Wayne s return  and must cooperate in reenacting the murder.
He returns.
Which the first murder took place  though both he and Carl change their dialogue and actions.
Frustrated  the gang leader stabs Carl.
Allows Wayne to come back.
Wayne distracts the gang.
Jim gets his family out.
The gang tries to escape in their car  only to have it struck.
Sends them back.
Wayne offers to have Jim come to the afterlife.
Jim refuses.
Wayne says.
He can move on and see his parents because the greasers are no longer a threat.
Wayne goes back.
<EOS>
Story revolves around two friends Narayanan Kutty and Balan.
Working  Narayanan Kutty is always soft towards girls.
Narayan Kutty finds fun.
Never has been successful.
Manoharan  the proprietor always falls in deep trouble because of the careless attitude of Narayan Kutty at work place.
Balan a close buddy imposters herself as Mala and contacts Narayanan Kutty.
He   mistakes her to be original Mala.
Who has never seen Mala.
But  Mala approaches him as Sujatha  a news reporter to interview him about his relation ship with the daughter of M.
N Nambiar.
Narayanan Kutty falls in love with Mala.
Whom he mistakes to be Sujatha.
Things get much complicated.
She also reciprocates.
The life of Balan was going too smoothly to see his office.
The parents arrives in the city along with her.
Balan  had lied.
Who is actually an attender.
He is a manager.
To add more trouble  M.
N Nambiar decides to marry again.
Her daughter objects vehemently  inviting more clashes.
Forms the rest.
Balan and Narayanan Kutty solve out the troubles and loose the knots.
They created.
<EOS>
One is the most senior pupil.
School happens to be a joyful experience with an extended family of loving little brothers and sisters but her days as the tallest and oldest.
Student are soon to be over.
Hiromi Osawa  a cool city boy  arrives in the village.
Attracted  Soyo tries to ignore the foreign feelings.
Begin to occupy her heart and mind.
However  she soon surrenders and learns to act upon her new found emotions.
<EOS>
The film opens.
S.
Military base.
Personnel receives word.
S.
Submarine has become disabled near North Korea.
A team travels to the underwater site of the sub  rescues the captain  and lays explosives.
The captain is airlifted and taken to safety.
The SEALS  raft is intercepted by a North Korean helicopter just as the explosives detonate  destroying the submarine.
The SEALS are captured and placed.
Back home  the SEALS  children watch news of their fathers  trial.
The North Korean government alleges.
The SEALS were engaged.
They could be executed.
They are found guilty.
Max  the son  is an electronics whiz.
He learns.
A rescue mission is being planned.
He shares this information.
Whose fathers were.
An official meeting is scheduled to take place.
Max plants a listening bug.
That he  Shawn  and Adrian can listen in.
A rescue mission is proposed  code-named Operation Phoenix  involving infiltration of the North Korean base to rescue the SEALS.
However  unwilling to risk aggravation  the Secretary of the State insists.
The operation is out.
Shawn Howard gives a tape to J.
J.
Merrill  a rebellious teenager.
Whose father was also.
J.
J.
Proposes. 
They carry themselves.
Shawn and Max secretly copy the operation plans  and J.
J.
Says. 
He can get a boat.
Dressed  Max drives Adrian s mother s car off the base past curfew  smuggling the three others in the back.
J.
Learns. 
He s been ripped off.
They have no boat.
He suggests they steal a motorboat docked next.
Where its owners are busy getting drunk.
Max bids the three farewell.
The stealing goes sour  so Max creates a diversion by rigging the car to crash  but not before discovering.
Shawn s little brother  Bobby  was hiding.
Fearing  Max and Bobby get into the boat  and all five speed away under gunfire.
The next morning  the five argue over.
Max s father was nt.
Max convinces the group to continue onward and carry out the plan  him and Bobby included.
The group evades a patrol boat and enters North Korean waters.
Where the SEALS are held.
Kim Song.
Who was intended to assist.
He is impressed  but says.
They have no chance.
He plans to escort them back home.
That night  the teens sneak out and continue to the fortress.
Travelling  they find a stash of smoke canisters and grenades.
Going up  they enter the base.
The group rigs fireworks  originally intended for a Workers  Day celebration.
Order to create a diversion.
J.
J.
Steals a North Korean military uniform and enters the building.
Where the SEALS are held.
He gets.
J.
S father reaches and breaks the guard s neck.
J.
J.
Sends a signal and Shawn and Max light the fireworks  now aimed downward.
J.
J.
Frees the SEALS.
Kim Song and his men show up the group in fighting its way out and back down the well.
They slide down a long drain pipe and end up back.
They drive to an airfield and secure a twin-engine cargo plane.
Adrian s father pilots.
Kim Song stays behind to hold off the North Koreans and give them time to take off.
The aircraft is fired and causing a fuel leak.
The plane crosses the border back.
The South Korean base scrambles fighter jets  fearing.
The plane is an intruder.
Bobby sticks out and flashes his Bruce Springsteen T-Shirt  identifying the passengers as American to the fighter jets.
Approaching the runway  the plane runs out of fuel  but Lt.
Phillips is still able to make a safe landing.
Triumphant  the group exits the plane and reunites.
<EOS>
Honey Shayne is a freshman.
Honey joins with three other unsuccessful pledges to form a new sorority with the goal of stealing all of the rival sorority s boyfriends.
The movie includes a number.
Both groups play pranks and attempt to avoid disciplinary actions from the F.
U.
Administration. 
A subplot deals to recover money hidden in the renovated building housing the sorority.
A running gag is the source of the name H.
O.
T.
S.
Other characters believe it to stand for Hands Off Those Suckers.
The closing credits reveal that the name is an anagram.
Hold.
The girls claim.
It stands.
<EOS>
The film begins.
When Brainy Indy  MVP MJ2  Sosy Pre  Rebel Gael and Nice Guy Nathan are college freshmen who enter FDH University  until they all got involved.
<EOS>
Mabel Stanley is an introverted girl yearning.
She attends a local pirate festival featuring a swordplay demonstration led.
Who then invites her.
She is duped into missing the launch  so she rents a small sailboat to give chase.
A sudden storm throws her overboard.
She washes up.
She subsequently dreams an adventure.
Takes place a century before.
The swordplay instructor is now named Frederic  a young apprentice of the Pirates of Penzance  celebrating his 21st birthday on a pirate vessel.
Frederic refuses an invitation  to become a full pirate.
His birth parents were murdered.
Frederic swears to avenge their deaths and is forced off.
Adrift  Frederic spies Mabel and her older sisters and swims to shore to greet them.
Mabel is a confident  assertive and courageous young woman.
Her sisters are prim  proper and conservative.
Frederic quickly falls and proposes marriage.
Local custom requires the elder sisters to marry first.
Soon  Frederic s old mates come ashore  also looking.
Major-General Stanley  Mabel s father  arrives and convinces the Pirate King to free his daughters and leave.
The pirates anchor their ship instead of actually leaving.
Mabel wants Frederic to gain favor  so she plots to recover the family treasure stolen years earlier by the pirates.
They can marry.
Unfortunately  the treasure was lost.
The location was tattooed.
Where it lies.
Mabel successfully tricks the Pirate King.
Frederic sketches a copy.
The next day  Mabel and Frederic recover the stolen treasure and present it.
The Major-General is underwhelmed.
He believes the treasure will simply be stolen again once the pirates realize it is missing.
Mabel dispatches Frederic to raise an army.
The Pirate King interferes.
The ship nurse  Ruth  convinces them to stop fighting  reminding the Pirate King.
Frederic s birthday is 29 February.
He is dismayed to see.
The contract specifies his twenty-first birthday  rather than his twenty-first year.
Frederic has celebrated only five birthdays and is still bound to remain with the pirates.
His birthday occurs every four years.
That night  the pirates raid the Stanley estate.
The Pirate King orders their execution.
Mabel demands a happy ending - admitting.
She believes this all to be a dream.
The pirates are confused.
They comply.
Mabel then confronts her father.
The Major-General is steadfast.
The marriage custom remains.
Mabel quickly pairs each with a pirate.
She also pairs the Pirate King.
The fantasy sequence ends.
Mabel and Frederic now free to marry.
Mabel awakens back.
She is wearing the wedding ring that Frederic had given her.
The handsome swordplay instructor arrives and lifts her to her feet.
He passionately kisses Mabel.
Who is still shaken.
She asks.
His name is Frederic.
He assures her.
He is nt who she imagines him to be.
Then carries her off to marry her  thus giving Mabel her happy ending.
<EOS>
The pre-credit sequence starts out with Bureau of Indian Affairs Commissioner Kirby and the last survivor of his US Cavalry escort shot and scalped by Taslik and his squaw Wanima.
The film proper begins.
Billings leading his patrol.
Has escorted Cpl Hamilton  a cartographer who has been making maps.
They are met by a messenger.
Who brings orders that they are to meet Commissioner Kirby and his party in order to deliver a recently signed Indian treaty from Washington to the Chief of the local tribe.
The messenger gives the treaty.
Who commandeers the messenger to join his patrol.
The patrol  have nine days.
Who are unaware.
To get the treaty.
A new uprising start.
Is Taslik.
Who offers to lead the patrol.
Taslik is wearing war paint.
He explains is.
Unknown  Taslik and Wanima   are strongly against the peace treaty.
Who is shadowing the patrol.
The two sabotage the patrol s supplies in various undetected ways.
The patrol discovers the remains of Commissioner Kirby s escort.
The patrol finally get wise.
When they discover he has led them.
Lt.
Billings collects all the remaining water.
This is given.
Who intends to make his way overland whilst the rest of the men conserve their strength by only travelling at night.
Wanima ambushes the trooper and kills.
Him but is wounded herself and becomes unconscious.
The patrol discovers.
What happens.
Billings refuses to kill Wanima.
This causes discontent.
Who have lost other members.
Wanima agrees to lead the patrol but leads them to an abandoned gold mine.
Sets the patrol.
<EOS>
Manoj ` Manu  Sharma is a NRI doctor living.
He comes to find an Indian bride and get married.
The day he arrives  he is taken by his parents and his friend Pappi to meet Tanuja ` Tanu  Trivedi.
They should officialise the relationship the very same day.
The parents talk and decide they like family very well and if Manu likes Tanu.
But  her mother tells Manu s family and asks.
Anyone can meet Tanu.
She was ill.
Manu would mind going up to meet her.
Manu realises.
Manu talks.
She is asleep.
Yet he likes her  and tells both the families.
He is willing to marry her.
Soon Tanu takes him away  and confesses.
The families go.
She had intentionally taken five tablets to fall asleep so as to be rejected.
She tells him  she also tells him the thugs.
She loves someone else  and that she has his name tattooed.
Who had roughed him up when he initially came to Kanpur were sent.
She demands.
Manu rejects her.
Manu considers the odds.
He asks his father to announce.
He likes her.
He can not marry her.
Weeks pass.
Manu sees different girls  but can not forget Tanu.
He meets Ayushi   and her brother Raja  a small thug.
Who has trouble using her left hand.
Manu says.
When Raja asks him.
He does  but ca nt marry her because he loves someone else.
Pappi tells him.
Manu decides to return.
Their friend Jassi is getting married  and asks him to come with him.
Manu finds out.
Tanu is present there.
She is a friend.
He becomes close to Tanu  but their new friendship is shattered.
When Tanu s parents arrive.
Tanu thinks.
Manu called them.
Manu decides to return back.
However  Tanu realizes her errors  and asks him not to leave.
Her lover is coming tomorrow.
She wants help.
It turns out.
Tanu s lover is Raja.
They are about to be married  but are not able to find a pen to sign the papers.
He lies.
Manu has one.
The marriage is postponed.
Raja confesses.
He does nt want to be married this way.
No one will accept him.
S why they are eloping.
Manu talks  and convinces him to accept Raja.
Tanu sees Manu s wedding gift  but does not realize.
He loves her.
Raja is not able to buy Tanu  so he asks Manu to help him out.
A wedding dress due.
He confesses.
Manu gets Tanu her dress.
He did have a pen  but did not want her to be married  that is why he lied.
Raja appears  and takes Tanu with him.
Now Tanu has mixed feelings.
When she confirms that he loves her.
Raja  however  is not willing to call off the wedding  and says.
If the wedding does not take place  he will kill him.
Manu still prepares.
The family of Tanu get Raja arrested.
However  Raja arrives at the same time as Manu.
He threatens to kill him.
Manu however refuses to be scared and proceeds.
It is then.
When Raja realizes that Manu is the right choice  and allows them to get married.
<EOS>
Sir Ernest Pease is a brilliant but acerbic scientist working during World War II.
He needs to takes a trip.
The plan is to fly in an RAF plane disguised as an RAF officer.
He refuses and gets to go.
When he is told to shave off his beard.
Beards are allowed.
Pease goes.
It is vital that nobody knows who he is.
The bomber is damaged.
He is sucked out but lands safely with the aid of a parachute.
He is captured and   he is sent to a POW camp  mostly occupied by RAF officers.
His excellent command causes him to be suspected of being a German agent.
Orders are given.
When his real identity and importance becomes known.
The men cooperate to help him escape.
Pease initially views his somewhat happy-go-lucky fellow prisoners  especially Jimmy Cooper  Everett and Bonzo Baines  but comes to understand and appreciate their optimistic attitudes under the prison system.
They find themselves.
If he remains as pompous and arrogant.
Pease/Farrow concocts a plan.
Whereby he is believed to have escaped.
He plans to go into hiding and later walk out of the camp  disguised as one of three visiting Swiss Red Cross observers.
Crucial is.
Everett looks exactly.
He must pretend to be the Commandant.
Pease/Farrow is to escape.
Whilst the prisoners busy themselves  the plan goes ahead.
But it nearly comes unstuck.
When one is revealed as a real Luftwaffe officer and spy.
He is dealt.
Pease  Cooper and Baines calmly walk out and eventually make their way back home.
The story is told.
When  long  Pease is the subject of a TV show based on This Is Your Life during which he is re-united with the other ex-POWs and even gets to meet the former Commandant  who now runs a holiday camp.
<EOS>
The great chieftain Krok dies  the tribes of the Bohemian forests elect his youngest daughter Libuse as their new ruler.
Together Teta and an army of women under the command of her best friend  the Amazon Vlasta  Libuse guides her people with the power of her visionary abilities.
A seer  she can travel into the Otherworld  the land of the death  from for people in need.
Where she returns and answers.
Libuse envisions the city of Prague at the Vltava river  starts mining in the rich Bohemian mountains and helps her farmers to fight a deadly plague.
She also starts a secret affair.
Pลemysl meets Vlasta and kills her.
When the peaceful community is under attack by raiders and split into different parties of power hungry landowners under the guidance of their plotting chieftains Domaslav and Vrsovec  a popular warrior and blinds Domaslav.
Libuse gives birth to his son Nezamysl.
The film ends into the river Vltava.
Symbolizes her becoming a legend.
<EOS>
Four years ago  border patrol officer Jim Rhodes was stationed.
Jim and his partner  his longtime friend Lee Davis  are staking out.
What looks.
Lee gives Jim a watch.
Has a band made.
The band can be unraveled and used.
Jim and Lee decide to go in.
Jim calls.
Is a meth lab.
What they find.
Looks abandoned.
But two men come up.
Was built.
They open fire  shooting Lee.
Jim kills the two men.
Another man opens fire.
Jim makes the man come up.
The other two came through.
The man sets the trailer.
Lee kills the man.
Lee tells Jim to run.
Before Lee dies.
Reluctantly  Jim leaves Lee behind  running out.
It explodes.
Now  Jim and his rebellious teenage daughter Kim are living.
A man named.
Lawson and his crew have just robbed the Hotel Palacio casino.
Lawson takes the millions.
They stole  and leaves a bomb.
Banks defuses the bomb.
Banks thinks.
He knows exactly where Lawson is going.
Banks and the other thieves -- Jensen  Geary  Crab  and Dominika -- vow to find Lawson and get the bonds back.
The next day  Kim says.
She s going Megan s house to help Megan pack for a trip.
Later  Jim gets a call.
Who says he has Kim.
Jim goes  and finds Banks and his crew there  beating Westlake up.
Banks believes  and is planning to cross by foot.
Lawson is.
Banks wants to find Lawson and get the bonds.
Banks says.
Westlake is not being very accommodating.
Banks kills Westlake.
Banks wants Jim to guide them  to find Lawson.
Banks takes Kim hostage.
Order to make Jim do it.
Banks tells Jim.
If Jim screws up  Kim dies.
It s a grueling trek.
Crab tries to rape Kim.
Jim beats Crab up  breaking several.
Jensen fatally shoots Crab.
Dominika fatally shoots Lawson  Banks sends Jim plunging off a cliff  and leaves him to die.
Jim survives.
Jim carves some sharp points  and finds a bag with a crossbow in it.
Banks is forcing Kim to guide him and his crew.
Jim starts hunting Banks and his crew.
Who have left a wounded Geary behind after Banks beat Geary up.
Jim shoots Geary.
Geary tells Jim.
Banks has taken.
Jim shoots an arrow  killing Geary.
Geary begs Jim not to shoot again.
Next  Jim tracks the others down and confronts Jensen.
Who is a martial arts expert.
Jim ends the grueling fight.
Banks wonders.
Where Jensen is.
Banks is feeling uneasy.
Dominika   tells Banks.
Who is using a rope to hold on so she does not get away.
They have to keep moving.
Jim tracks them down  and throws one he carved.
Banks jumps out.
The spear hits Dominika  killing her.
That infuriates Banks.
Kim tries to escape.
Banks does nt let her.
Taking Kim  Banks finds an outpost  and three ATVs.
Where there are three Canadian cops.
Banks kills the three cops  punches Kim and knocks her down  and then takes off.
Jim finds Kim.
He tells her to take one and go for help.
Jim goes.
Jim chases Banks down.
They fight.
Jim chases Banks.
What looks.
Banks even fires a flare gun.
They try to hit each other.
Banks hits Jim a couple.
Then Jim beats Banks up and hits Banks  knocking Banks down.
Jim thinks.
It s over.
Banks gets back up and tries to shove Jim.
Jim turns the tables  and shoves Banks down below.
Jim  taking the bonds  goes outside and sees Kim.
He can return them.
Who says she could nt leave him.
Banks stumbles outside.
He says.
Did you think you could take my money.
Banks says.
You ca nt kill me.
And then Jim floors it  and rams the ATV right  pinning Banks up against a wall just inside the building.
Gas is leaking.
Jim starts walking away.
Again  Banks says.
You ca nt kill me.
Jim fires the flare gun  causing an explosion.
Kills Banks.
Jim and Kim are glad.
They ve survived.
They know.
They have a long walk home.
<EOS>
Kathy Morrison  mother.
Who helps run a color-blind adoption program.
Her husband  Pete  the head coach  finds out.
He ca nt produce another child.
Kathy thinks.
Pete does not want to adopt a boy.
Who happens to be black.
Freddie s arrival causes an upheaval.
When he relents.
Kathy s answer is to adopt another child.
The new extended family must now learn to live together.
<EOS>
Comic book artist Sophie is a sweet and carefree girl brimming.
She and her handsome surgeon boyfriend are the perfect couple.
Sophie is the happiest person in the world.
One day  Jeff meets a famous movie star  Joanna.
Immediately afterwards  he breaks up.
Devastated  Sophie takes.
She is unable to face anyone  especially her mother.
Who had been planning the wedding.
Sophie decides to cover up the.
She comes up  she will use the remaining two months before the wedding date to do.
Whatever it takes to get Jeff back.
She also plans to publish her many strategies.
She wants to show women everywhere.
To use a ` scientific  approach to win love back.
Sophie s first strategy does not go well.
Hosted by Gordon  a photographer  she drowns her sorrows in alcohol.
She stumbles.
Immediately gives her the idea  believing they were lovers.
Gordon agrees to become Sophie s partner.
Her quest becomes a roller coaster of farcical twists and turns.
Joanna reveals to Sophie.
She has never lost Jeff at all and asked Gordon to keep an eye.
It was then revealed.
He and Joanna are actually siblings because he s been taking care since they were young.
Feeling betrayed  Sophie gives up the notions and tells Gordon to leave her alone.
Her mother then learns the truth and is finally able to convince her to give love another chance.
Sophie calls off her relationship and goes to visit Gordon.
He has already left.
Joanna is there and tells her that  he fell in love with Sophie.
She reunites in Europe.
<EOS>
The movie starts out.
Curtis Plummer  a down-and-out former football player is going nowhere.
He meets his niece Jasmine  the daughter.
Jasmine has worn her father s watch ever.
He left five years ago.
Her mother Claire asks Curtis to take care after school.
Claire has to work.
Curtis realizes.
Jasmine has a talent.
He then persuades her to try out.
He thinks it would be good.
The team   are against it.
Her abilities gain her a spot.
However  the coach keeps her.
After much prodding from Curtis  the coach puts Jasmine in the game.
Everyone said.
They lose.
They could have won if she had played.
Jasmine becomes the starting quarterback and the Minden Browns become a winning team.
Everything is going great.
Coach Fisher has a heart attack.
The assistant coach asks Curtis to help coach.
He hesitates  but is eventually talked into it.
They win the two games and are able to go in Miami Beach.
Jasmine s father  Roy  suddenly shows up.
He sees her.
Claire and Curtis are both unhappy.
Jasmine is ecstatic.
The Browns are able to go after raising the money for the trip  including Curtis  donation of his life savings.
Jasmine plays poorly.
When her father does not show up.
Curtis talks her.
However  they lose the game.
A teammate drops the ball.
They are glad.
They did their best.
Jasmine gives.
They get back.
Roy back his watch  cutting him out.
She then accepts her uncle Curtis.
<EOS>
Los Angeles 1915  stuntman Roy Walker is hospitalized  and possibly paralyzed.
He is bedridden.
He took.
He meets Alexandria  a young Romanian-born patient.
Who is recovering.
Alexandria is told.
She has to leave.
Roy promises to tell her an epic tale.
She returns the next day.
The next morning   Alexandria s imagination brings his characters.
Roy spins his tale.
Roy s tale is about five heroes  a silent Indian warrior  a muscular ex-slave named Otta Benga  an Italian explosives expert called Luigi  a surreal version  and a masked swashbuckling bandit.
An evil ruler named.
Odious has committed an offense.
The heroes are later joined.
Alexandria vividly imagines her friends and people.
He also has an ulterior motive   he tricks her into stealing morphine from the hospital pharmacy  a choice driven by his love leaving him for the actor for.
Roy develops affection.
That he can attempt suicide.
Whom he provided the stunt footage.
However  Alexandria returns  having mistaken the E on the piece of paper.
Roy gave her.
The stories become a collaborative tale.
Which Alexandria also contributes.
Alexandria herself becomes a character   she is his daughter.
Roy is the masked bandit.
Roy talks Alexandria  and then downs it all.
The next morning  Roy awakens and realizes.
He is only alive because his neighboring patient is receiving a placebo rather than actual morphine.
Alexandria  desperate to help Roy  sneaks out to the pharmacy.
She climbs but loses her footing and falls.
She is visited by the bewheeled Roy.
Where he confesses his deception.
He encourages Alexandria to ask someone else to end the story.
She insists.
Roy reluctantly begins the rest.
The heroes die one.
It seems.
Odious will be triumphant.
Alexandria becomes upset.
Roy insists  It s my story.
She declares.
It is hers too and exerts some influence.
Finally  the epic tale comes.
Roy and Alexandria  along  watch a viewing of the finished ` flicker.
Roy appeared in.
Only Roy s smile is broken in confusion.
When he sees that his life-threatening jump has been edited out as another stuntman jumps instead.
Alexandria s arm heals.
She returns.
Where her family works.
Her voice-over reveals.
Roy had recovered and was now back.
A montage plays  she imagines all the stuntmen to be Roy.
She talks.
<EOS>
A film crew and a motley collection.
Will be the perfect location.
But unfortunately someone has other ideas and destroys their mode before finishing off the surviving cast and crew with the aid of a chainsaw  machete  and nail gun  all to a sick sado-masochistic type song.
This psychotic murderer also has an accomplice  a fellow crewman.
Who is skilled  rigging a shower to rain battery acid and scalding swimming pool that boils alive anyone who falls in.
<EOS>
A heinous military operation  the Operation Searchlight an operation designed to kill indiscriminately the innocent democracy loving millions  was initiated by the Pakistan Army.
The hated operation was just the beginning to follow  a brutal crime against humanity after the Second World War.
A veteran journalist of the country  husband of Bilkis  simply vanished while on his way to his newspaper office to perform his journalistic duty.
He is untraceable.
Bilkis was.
She started.
A desperate search got herself engaged as a collaborator to the guerrilla operations which were gradually gaining momentum.
She was not affected  rather  undaunted  she chose the hazardous path to carry on the fight for our liberation.
She started participating directly in many dangerous and successful operations.
She was.
She thus became the central character to the enemy.
Bilkis  Shahin and many others got involved The GUERRILLA  obviously from the underground.
Incidentally   Taslim Ali Sardar  a traditional Chieftain of the old Dhaka s subsector   got brutally killed by the Pakistani Army and their lackeys -- the hated rajakars.
Who courageously sheltered ill-fated Bilkis.
Altaf Mahmud  Rumi  Bodi along with some other freedom fighters were captured.
Altaf and few others like.
Him did never return  could never be traced  a tragic fact well known today.
Bilkis  a lonely character now  could evade the worse  and tactfully leave the labyrinth.
She could get a remote village at Rangpur.
The metallic train transforms.
The parents were killed in the communal riots of the Bengalis and the Biharis in January 71 earlier.
She just was desperately longing to meet her own brother  Khokon.
Khokon was then a commander.
Pakistan Army units were due to consistent fierce attacks initiated by those fighters.
Khokon dynamited a vital railway bridge  interrupting all train movements.
She had to reach her brother.
Nothing could deter her.
She opted to walk.
She got a young vibrant male companion  Siraj  a member of Khokon s fighting group.
Khokon was captured by the Pak Army.
The brutal Army and Rajakar predators SLAUGHTERED him along.
Bilkis wanted to have a glimpse  wanted to touch his apparently cold  inert body to feel the warmth of a loving brother  the heat of the fire inside him.
No killer could extinguish.
Khokon was a living  pulsating symbol.
She  risking her life  could enter the ` killing fields  but was captured immediately by them.
Bilkis was captured.
She did never surrender.
For the entire freedom loving humanity  she did set up an example  a glorious one.
She does not allow her body  the body  to be molested by the vultures of Pakistan.
She blew herself up  destroying the surrounding mocking dogs in the process.
<EOS>
The play tells the story.
Initially their relationship flourishes.
They have a child and move.
They are evicted.
When Reg is injured and loses his job.
They face a life  illegally squatting in empty houses and staying in shelters.
Finally  Cathy has her children taken away.
<EOS>
The story is.
Who grew up.
He lives.
Who mostly raises the family.
Zhou has fantasies  but has always been too poor to do so.
They eventually find themselves.
Zhou realised.
He sacrificed everything.
His family is left.
<EOS>
The protagonist and narrator is Dexter King  an American actor working and living platonically in Camden Town with his educated  charming  nymphomaniac landlady.
He s just finished his sixth year playing The Tall Guy  a straight man.
Called Elephant.
Night  Kate puts together evidence of the affair from a few subtle clues  and leaves Dexter without further ado.
Suggests Ron is now dating Kate.
Dexter presents his case to Kate in a busy hospital ward.
Kate agrees to give him another chance.
<EOS>
The tactics finally drive a distraught man to commit suicide.
The businessman is tried and executed  and is afterward taken by demons to Hell.
Where he will spend the rest.
<EOS>
A man returns home and forms a gang with his old buddies.
Getting  the black cowboys spread panic throughout the village with brawls and robberies.
<EOS>
Mickey and the Gang are gearing up against Stinkie Davis and his pals.
The inlist the aid.
Mickey s team apparently have no chance.
Jealous  Stinkie decides to steal Mickey s clothes  dress up  and cause havoc in town.
His plan manages to get Mickey stuck and out of the game.
It s up.
<EOS>
The British army is attempting to retrieve an Enigma machine from Germany.
Having failed they decide to send four men undercover to the factory  deep in Berlin.
Makes the devices.
Unfortunately the factory is populated entirely.
They only have men to send.
American ORourke teams transvestite Tony Parker  genius Johnno and the reluctant Archie.
The four are sent to infiltrate the factory dressed.
Dropped  the team must first try to find their bearings.
Aided to their cause  they find their way to the factory.
They manage to retrieve the Enigma machine.
They realize - the British government already had the device  but wanted to make.
Before they leave Germany.
They were tricked.
The Germans think they were still.
They were specifically chosen to fail.
Would   destroy the usefulness of the machine.
They are about to successfully leave Germany.
The Germans would know it was stolen and switch.
Archie volunteers to be captured to allow the mission to fail.
The team retrieves him.
He is captured.
All return safely  leaving the German with the impression they have all the Enigma machines.
The British are still desperate to obtain one.
<EOS>
Karan loves Anju.
Karan becomes the main accused and lands up.
When she gets murdered.
Innocent  he breaks out to find out the truth.
He meets two young boys  Tito and Toni.
Who realize that Karan is a.
There s a huge prize.
Karan offers to help them get the money but wants them to help him trace Anju s murderers first.
Karan learns.
A group was involved in Anju s murder.
He starts eliminating them one until one day  he spots a girl looking exactly like Anju  walking down the street.
She tells him.
He was framed.
He eliminates the remaining villains and frees Anju  with Tito and Toni s help.
Karan learns the truth.
<EOS>
Padmini is a rich girl.
Who falls with a middle class photographer Mithun.
Her parents initially disagree.
The daughter manages to make them ready.
Padmini s father Danny Dengzongpa makes Mithun.
A top class photographer and his salary gets an increment.
Later Mithun discovers.
Danny has made his promotion.
This has hurt his.
Padmini and Mithun separate.
Padmini and Mithun both still love each other.
Danny makes.
Them have a divorce due.
Padmini is then found to be pregnant.
Danny does nt tell this  Danny takes Padmini to the Shimla for the delivery.
That nobody finds that she gave birth.
There Danny meets Mithun and tells him about the baby  Danny agrees to give the baby to Mithun but later refuses and keeps the baby in an orphanage.
Mithun follows him there and takes his baby.
The story moves forward.
Padmini does nt believe and goes mad due  she is seeming a doll as a baby.
Her baby is dead.
Her parents get worried.
Padmini shows improvement.
When she sees a photograph which she clicked when she was with Mithun.
So the parents take her.
Mithun lives and has brought up his child.
The child sees Padmini and identifies her.
He goes and brings her to Mithun.
They solve their misunderstandings.
Both live happily.
<EOS>
Wanda is a dominatrix.
Who runs a gallery.
She lures men and women into her sadomasochistic world.
Where audiences pay.
And is absolutely ineffable.
When she is eventually gunned down   but by -- of all people -- her husband  the supreme joy on her face.
<EOS>
The main events depicted take place  beginning with scenes from the 1992 Los Angeles riots.
Swank plays the role.
Who leaves the safety  to teach at Woodrow Wilson High School in Long Beach  a formerly high achieving school which has recently put an integration plan in place.
Her enthusiasm is rapidly challenged.
When she realizes that her class are all at-risk high school students  also known.
Not the eager-for-college students she was expecting.
The high school students self-segregate  fights break out  and eventually most of the high school students stop attending class.
Not only does Gruwell meet opposition  but she also has a difficult time with her department head.
Instead tells her to focus.
One night  two high school students  Eva  a Mexican American girl and narrator  and a Cambodian refugee  Sindy  frequent the same convenience store.
An additional student  Grant Rice is frustrated and demands a refund from the owner.
Eva s boyfriend attempts a drive-by shooting  intending to kill Grant but misses  accidentally killing Sindy s boyfriend.
When he storms out.
Eva must testify at court  she intends to guard her own in her testimony.
Gruwell intercepts a racist drawing by one of her high school students and utilizes it to teach them about the Holocaust.
She gradually begins to earn their trust and buys them composition books to record their diaries.
Which they talk.
Determined to reform her high school students  Gruwell takes to pay for more books and spends a lot more time at school  to the disappointment of her husband.
Her students start to behave and discover a lot more.
A transformation is specifically visible.
Gruwell invites various Jewish Holocaust survivors to talk and requires the students to attend a field trip to the Museum of Tolerance.
Meanwhile  her unorthodox training methods are scorned.
The following year comes.
Gruwell teaches her class again  making it the second year.
Year  Gruwell makes.
Her class do a Toast  allowing everyone to open up about their struggles and how they would attempt to change each.
They invite Miep Gies  the woman.
When reading The Diary.
Who sheltered Anne Frank to talk to them.
Miep shares her experiences hiding Anne Frank.
They raise the money to bring her over.
She denies it  claiming.
When Marcus tells her that she is his hero.
She was merely doing the right thing.
Her denial leads Eva to rethink her plan to lie.
She finally breaks down and tells the truth  much.
When she testifies.
Meanwhile  Gruwell asks her students to write their diaries.
She compiles the entries and names it The Freedom Writers Diary.
Her husband divorces her.
Margaret tells her she can not teach her kids.
Gruwell fights this decision  eventually convincing the superintendent to permit her to teach her kids  junior and senior year.
The film ends  for many the first in their families to do so.
Gruwell successfully prepared numerous high school students to graduate high school and attend college.
<EOS>
Oswald is a hair stylist and runs a barber shop.
His first customer is a shaggy terrier.
Oswald goes to give it a haircut.
Every time Oswald shaves some hair  the hair kept regrowing.
Oswald found out.
The little dog has been drinking a bottle while he was shaving.
He then took away the bottle and continued working.
Oswald made the dog almost completely hairless.
All he intended is to give the terrier a little trimming.
His second customer is a hippo.
Who came to have some chin shaving which Oswald provided easily.
The next patron is an elephant.
Who seems to need a trunk makeover.
Oswald ironed the elephant s trunk and curled it.
The elephant blew its trunk and appears to be satisfied by it.
Oswald then came.
Who arrived to have a manicure.
To make himself more charming  Oswald puts.
He then smoothed the bear s sharp claws.
The bear thought and therefore falls with him.
The rabbit was wearing.
Oswald was a girl.
Oswald was then asked to have a ride in the latter s car.
Oswald declined.
To make the rabbit get in  the bear lured Oswald using a lollipop.
The plan worked.
Oswald was.
They went off  leaving the barber shop and exiting the city.
The bear picks up Oswald and starts kissing the rabbit constantly  much to Oswald s dismay.
They were riding later.
Oswald was able to get out and jumps off the car.
Oswald goes.
The chase continued.
When night had fallen.
It ended.
When they came.
Having enough  Oswald confesses.
He is actually a guy as he takes off his skirt and wipes off the lipstick.
The bear was disgusted and drives away.
Oswald is finally left.
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Examination revealed it to be a case of murder.
It was claimed that she died after she had a seizure.
The police charged three locals  only to be released by the court.
Described the prosecution s case as flawed.
The case had  since then  gone cold over the years  eventually acquiring the status of an unsolved mystery.
Haridas  a detective living in New Delhi  sets out on a journey to Paleri hoping to solve this mystery.
Apparently  he was born.
When Manikyam was killed.
He is joined.
Most lead him to zero in on Ahmed Haji  a cruel feudal landlord.
Who lived during that period.
It was obvious  he was so powerful and influential at that time.
His name did not figure from that era.
Slowly   Haridas deduces the truth.
Things become clear.
<EOS>
Danielle  a grandmother  is planning to take her two grandchildren to their father s house for the Easter vacation.
Danielle has regularly taken on this responsibility after her daughter s divorce.
This time  however  the children s father is not there to welcome them  giving Danielle the opportunity to spend a bit more time and to take them out for the day.
Jumping  Danielle soon transforms this day-outing into an impromptu holiday.
Only what starts out.
A fun adventure gradually turns.
It soon becomes impossible to contemplate taking the kids back.
<EOS>
Jesus Christ of Nazareth travels around the country with his disciples preaching to the people about God and salvation of their souls.
He claims to be the son.
He is arrested and crucified.
He rises after three days.
<EOS>
A man jumps from building to building  leaving sparkly sand.
He moves.
Momotaros and the other Taros pursue him.
He met him before as the figure easily dispatches his pursuers.
The Spider Imagin possessing the man emerges  having completed the contract.
When Ryotaro arrives.
Ryotaro uses a Rider Ticket  chasing the Imagin to November 22  2008  with Den-O Sword Form quickly taking the Spider Imagin out.
He tossed aside  revealing.
Momotaros and the others look around.
Performing the finishing attack  they see the possessed man.
He used the Spider Imagin to possess him so he could hijack the DenLiner as Momotaros remembers who this man is  that robber rider Daiki Kaito.
Stranding Ryotaro and the Taros  Daiki holds the Owner and Naomi at gunpoint.
The Owner reveals his plans to steal time failed as the DenLiner can only go as a strong memory that keeps it from fading.
Realizing  Daiki runs off to find it.
There is a treasure nearby.
Seeing the DenLiner after it until Ryotaro sees Daiki running off in another direction.
He finds Daiki confronting his past self  shooting him dead.
However  past Daiki s wound heals.
He runs off.
A man suddenly appears with a golden revolver trained on Daiki  Officer Reiji Kurosaki.
As the Taros arrive.
He has come to arrest Daiki.
Daiki responds.
Ryotaro and the Taros watch G.
He overwhelms Diend and the intelligence of the artificial Imagin Eve before arresting him.
However   G Den-O arrests the Taros on the charge of altering time and deporting Ryotaro to his time.
Only Urataros escapes long enough past Daiki stealing a briefcase from the Kurosaki estate  pushing aside a young boy.
Who got  before G Den-O finds him.
Back   Ryotaro talks to Kohana of.
Issฤ and Ozaki look.
What Urataros told him prior.
Overhearing their talk  Ozaki remembers  someone broke in and stole the family s golden gun.
A theft occurred on that date.
But it leaves the question.
Daiki went.
The Imagin try to talk their way out.
Daiki complains as Urataros reveals he know about his robbery.
Kurosaki arrives with two guards  ignoring the Taros.
Telling him the will be judged while phrasing what Urataros heard Daiki tell a young boy.
The Owner appears to bail the Taros before being arrested  faking a wish to give up his life of crime to sneak the keys off the man and using them to frees himself  throwing the keys to the Imagin a bit out of reach.
An accomplice Time Police property as Daiki manages to grab one of guards.
They see.
Ryotaro and Kohana have been arrested as well  and put next to the Taros who are still trying to reach the keys.
Ryotaro beckons to come closer.
Momotaros realizes what is being said as he possesses the boy  beating the guards as she lets everyone free.
Ryotaro says.
They still have to get.
The Owner gives him an Infinity Ticket to solve the mystery.
He has a meeting.
Naomi arrives to tell Kurosaki.
Daiki has escaped.
However  Kurosaki senses something off and aims his damaged golden gun  revealing her to be Daiki.
Daiki then takes.
He is forced off the DenLiner to execute.
Daiki attempts to distract Kurosaki.
Ryotaro and company are as the DenLiner crew takes control of the DenLiner once more.
Daiki has used the Diendriver to latch  traveling with them.
Eve deems them.
Diend manages to get and holds Den-O at gunpoint  forced to explain.
The purpose was to undo the chain of events that left the gun damaged while Daiki was distracted by several letters hidden in the box so he can steal it in mint condition.
Ryotaro decides to help Daiki.
The others refuse to help.
Arriving  the group is ambushed by G.
Den-O holds him off before Momotaros takes over the fight.
Daiki transforms into Diend and uses the UraRod to deflect bullets back before using the Invisible Attack Ride Card to catch G Den-O off guard.
Daiki manages to make it to.
Where his past self is before the gun is damaged.
Kurosaki appears.
Kurosaki shoots him.
Daiki can get once more.
The bullet goes and hits the case  knocking it out of his hands  sending the papers within flying.
The past Daiki is carrying.
Daiki gets the golden gun.
Enraged  Kurosaki stopped.
He was used  losing his golden gun as time has been altered so that it was never damaged and possessed.
When he noticed the letters.
Daiki and Kohana reveal the letters to be from his mother  with the latter revealing to Kurosaki.
His mother did loved him and wishes to see him.
Daiki tells him.
Kurosaki feels he can not let go.
The letters should be his treasure.
Disappointed  Eve takes matters and becomes G Den-O to purge the Earth of all illogical life.
Kurosaki refuses to deliver final judgment.
Everyone escapes runs into his past self and asks for his aid against G.
Both transform and past Diend steals the golden gun.
He falls back.
Den-O arrives to support Diend.
But the five are outmatched.
Den-O assumes Climax Form as Kurosaki arrives.
Kurosaki thanks Diend.
He gives him a K-Touch which he soon uses to become Diend Complete Form.
He then uses the Attack Ride Gekijouban Card to summon Kamen Riders G4  Ryuga  Orga  Glaive  Kabuki  Caucasus  Arc  and Skull  and as a group  destroy Kamen Rider G.
Before entering the Hikari Photo Studio  Daiki thanks Ryotaro and Kohana for their help as Kurosaki goes to visit his mother at a flower shop  wanting to talk to her.
He learns that she truly cared.
As the others are perplexed.
The Owner arrives as they start a contest where they are flicking balls of fried rice at plates at distances with the Owner using the spoons from Episode Blue used as a golf club while they measure the distance with the tape from Episode Red.
Naomi serves everyone coffee  realizing.
Ryotaro s regular mug is missing.
Daiki must have taken it.
Back   Daiki would never forget Kamen Rider.
He believes that would be their last meeting.
<EOS>
Angelina is a seven year old brilliant and talented girl  but.
Her parents decide to find her another yaya.
Her first yaya gets hospitalized.
Would combat her attitude.
A woman named.
A lot quit the job due to Angelina s attitude.
Rosalinda Cha-Cha Lucero applies  and is accepted.
She assumes the job.
Which the latter proves otherwise.
Shortly thereafter  some tragedies occur.
Obviously Angelina is to blame  putting a can in a microwave oven at a supermarket  causing an explosion at the said supermarket  fighting with her schoolmate in a zoo  and going to the top of a belfry of a church whilst the rest of her family attends a wedding therein.
Angelina s mom decides to discharge Rosalinda.
She causes any more problems.
Rosalinda is frustrated.
Which Angelina tries to make her happy.
Angelina lives momentarily.
Her parents conclude a nanny can not help their daughter.
Angelina is accidentally kidnapped by a group of terrorists after overhearing their plan to murder the Duchess of Wellington.
Who has arrived to visit Angelina s school.
Angelina calls Rosalinda.
Angelina describes a place.
Doubting Angelina s words  Rosalinda discharges her call.
Later on  Rosalinda is convinced to help Angelina to prove the latter s sincerity.
She goes nearby.
Where she rememberes the bell ringing.
Angelina was calling.
There she sess the word LOSER.
Pertains. 
She realizes at once.
The terrorists  hideout is near.
She finds Angelina  and saves her.
Meanwhile  Angelina s parents assume.
Rosalinda kidnapped Angelina for firing her  which is eventually negated.
The terrorists  leader  Eve  kidnaps her parents.
The only way to save them is to have Angelina give a bomb-ridden bouquet to the Duchess of Wellington.
She makes her speech.
Rosalinda manages to avert the incoming crisis.
Rosalinda arrives inside Eve s bus and starts a cat fight with her.
Seeing  Eve takes Angelina captive.
Her plan has been foiled.
Rosalinda tracks them down.
She reaches the rooftop.
She engages Eve once again.
The billboard crashes down  trampling Eve but miraculously leaves Rosalinda and Angelina unscathed.
The two women fight each other.
The terrorists eventually become powerless.
Angelina s parents decide to make Rosalinda.
The Duchess  plows on Angelina and Rosalinda for their bravery.
Rosalinda s backside is written with the word LOSER.
Angelina s is drawn.
<EOS>
The Broken Spur is a western film set during the early.
Steele witnesses the vicious death of his family at the hands of an Indian raiding party.
He is nearly killed but is rescued.
Who sacrifices her life.
Growing  Steel becomes foreman of a large cattle ranch owned by a kindly but tough woman named Berdie.
Steele and the ranch cowboys deliver their herd to the stockyards in the town of Eagle Mesa.
He encounters his girl  Beth Hendricks.
He leaves the cattle yard.
Rawhide leaves the two to talk  saying.
He is going.
Sandy meets.
Rawhide later breaks out at the other end of the street.
Three snarly looking men have assaulted an old Indian with his Grandson  Little Hawk.
Sandy sees the altercation but does not want to get involved.
However   it is too much.
When he sees Slade  knock the boy down.
Sandy quick-mounts his horse  gallops down the street and leaps.
A fight ensues and  grab their guns and attempt to shoot the cowboy.
When Steel is winning  the other two Jenkins  and Barton.
Rawhide arrives and stops them.
Steele finishes the fight leaving Slade unconscious.
The three bad men have been humiliated and slink away.
Sandy and Rawhide now joined  help the grandfather and young child load their wagon.
Slade  Jenkins and Barton watch by one of the buildings.
The two Indians and their wagon pass down the street.
Jenkins aims his pistol.
Slade stops him  cautioning his cohorts to wait.
Their targets are out.
The three gunfighters ride.
The sun passes.
Soon  they see Little Hawk and his grandfather riding below them.
Slade smiles  removes his rifle  takes aim and fires.
The grandfather slumps forward.
The two horses frightened into a runaway gallop.
Sandy and Rawhide ride along a ridge some distance.
Rawhide hears.
The rifle shot as Steele spots the runaway team.
He spurs his horse and gallops toward the speeding buckboard.
He leaps onto wagon bed and makes his way to the reins.
Slade fires his rifle once again.
A bullet strikes the wagon strut causing Sandy to fall forward.
He quickly grabs the undercarriage  swings himself back up  and stops the runaways.
However  it is too late.
The Grandfather is dying.
The old Indian takes the cowboy s hand along with Little Hawk s and places one in the other.
His request is.
Sandy Steel care after the grandfather dies.
Steele meets the hand.
When he becomes responsible.
The cowboy realizes yet the memories are too close.
The child has no one to care.
He gets.
Berdie takes a hard line  accusing him of holding on to the pain and being insensitive.
Sandy knows.
She is right but has a difficult time letting go.
Unbeknownst  Little Hawk overhears the conversation.
Where Steele expresses his dislike.
Little Hawk already hurt is hurt even more  thinking.
He is unwanted.
He decides to leave the ranch and wakes early the next morning to do so.
He finds and old gun and takes it  his Indian pony and runs away.
His mission now  is to track  locate and kill the three men.
Murdered his Grandfather.
Later Beth Hendricks arrives at the ranch to see.
Whether she can help.
She discovers.
Little Hawk is missing and alerts Sandy and his friend  Rawhide.
Together  the two set out to find the young boy.
He can get hurt.
Sandy and Rawhide manage to find Little Hawk.
Who has already found the gunfighters  trail and is tracking them.
Little Hawk refuses to leave.
The killers are found.
Justice is served.
Sandy and Rawhide decide to go forward and try to capture the bad men.
They corner Jenkins but not before  he wounds Rawhide.
A gunfight ensues.
Where Jenkins accidentally falls.
Sandy and Little Hawk bandage Rawhide and proceed on forward.
The Indian and Cowboy eventually track the remaining killers.
Barton is captured.
Slade tries to escape.
Steele follows  catches up with him and knocks him from his horse.
The two tumble down a tall embankment and furious fight ensues.
Sandy defeats Slade and the two bad guys are taken back to Eagle Mesa.
Where they are tried and hung.
Sandy and Rawhide are alone.
The sun sets.
Sandy tells the story and apologizes for the things he said.
Little Hawk overhears.
The little Indian nods.
Little Hawk takes it.
Sandy extends his hand.
Each has overcome their own prejudice and biases to find their better selves.
<EOS>
An ex-safe cracker finds honest work and a new love.
But.
His ex-gang tries to lure him back  his determination to go straight is pushed.
<EOS>
The film contains excerpts  includes interviews with government officials  interspersed with footage of terrorist attacks  human rights violations  and growing support of internal jihadist movements.
This is a film and the threats posed by those  not Islam as a whole.
Who practice this particular brand.
<EOS>
David and Dana Hurst are dentists.
Who are married and share a dental practice in Westchester County  New York.
Dana is.
He sees her.
When David goes backstage to give her a good luck charm.
He begins having imaginary conversations.
He contemplates how to handle this.
Everything is brought.
When the whole family gets the flu.
<EOS>
Diane Blaine has the face.
Unfortunately  fallen star/tabloid queen Jamie Stephens already made it famous.
Hollywoods constant rejection due.
What Diane refers.
Co-worker/boyfriend Jack Sanders does nt help matters.
His idea is letting it ride.
Now he s to a trigger-happy mobster.
Who  interestingly enough  has a thing.
Jack s only way out.
It s literally the performance.
<EOS>
Last Days Here follows Bobby Liebling  lead singer founded in 1971 and active sporadically throughout the following four decades.
Liebling is in his 50s  living in his parents  basement  and addicted to drugs.
Liebling begins to recover.
Pentagram s music is rediscovered.
His friend and manager Sean Pellet Pelletier attempts to help Liebling overcome his drug addiction and escape his old life.
<EOS>
Shankar  a wealthy bachelor falls with Menaka  a middle class girl.
Shankar s father oppose this relationship.
He wants his son to get married.
Mohan Lal played Shankar s friend.
The film had a tragic end and had songs.
<EOS>
A five-mile-wide chunk of Orpheus is set on a collision course with Earth  with devastating results expected on impact.
Other smaller and faster moving fragments rain down.
The United States government and military engage.
The United States has a secret orbiting nuclear missile platform satellite named Hercules.
Was thought.
S.
It was intended.
Instead  it was demoted.
However  its fourteen nuclear missile armament is not enough to stop the meteor.
The U.
S.
Government discovers the existence.
The President goes and reveals the existence of Hercules  explaining it as a foresighted project to meet the threat.
Orpheus represents.
He also offers the Soviets a chance to save face and join in.
They had the same foresight and have their own satellite weapon.
Bradley requests plan a.
A scientist named Dr Alexei Dubov to help him.
Bradley and Harry Sherwood have already arrived at the control center for Hercules.
Is located.
Major-General Adlon is the commander.
Dubov and his assistant and interpreter Tatiana Donskaya arrive.
Bradley works.
He agrees.
Dubov can not admit the existence.
They work.
Meanwhile  further fragments affect Earth.
The Soviets finally admit.
They have the device and are willing to join.
It appears  it was built against a massive space rock.
The satellite has a lot.
It too was demoted.
The satellite is christened Peter the Great.
Both satellites are turned around to aim.
Unfortunately  smaller fragments and splinters still continue to strike many places  including in Hong Kong.
Where a fragment hits the ocean and causes a tsunami that devastates the city.
Morning  Peter the Great s missiles are fired off.
Herculess missiles are fired 40 minutes later.
New York is struck  destroying most of the city.
After Herculess missiles are fired off.
Several workers are killed.
The survivors slowly work their way by going through the New York subway system.
Has become.
Meanwhile  the two sets link up into three waves of mixed nationality  each wave bigger than the last.
The Hercules crew reach a subway station filled and wait.
Others try to dig out.
Back  the missiles reach the meteor.
Two Russian missiles and one U.
S.
Missile have been lost.
The first wave strikes the space rock  making an explosion.
The second wave follows.
Finally  the third wave hits the meteor making an explosion.
Fills the screen.
The space rock is nowhere to be seen.
When the dust settles.
Back  the radio stations broadcast news of the result  Orpheus has been either obliterated or shifted to a harmless trajectory.
Just then  the subway station occupants are rescued.
The scene then switches  with a Soviet flag and an American flag on an open hangar door.
Dubov and Tatiana say goodbye to Bradley and others  then they board a plane with the Soviet star.
It takes off.
<EOS>
The title character is Victor Church  a World War I veteran.
Who becomes despondent when his advancing age prevents him.
Feeling unwanted and useless  he retreats and plans his suicide.
He finds a new purpose.
When he opens his home and tries to keep the mischievous group under control.
<EOS>
Peter Junior Potter has graduated and now heads west to the town of Sawbuck Pass to claim his Daddy s fortune.
Junior discovers.
When he gets there.
Practically everyone claims to be owed a debt and that his father s treasure chest is empty.
Junior stalls the townfolk.
He can.
He makes the acquaintance.
Who has to fend off Junior s persistent advances.
A mysterious masked bandit known only has been leading midnight raids  meanwhile.
Is. 
What the wise-cracking  clueless Junior does nt know.
The object is in fact The Torch  and that Roy is a government agent with a Smith and Wesson Model 320 Revolving Rifle hidden in his guitar case  bent on capturing her.
<EOS>
During Prohibition  a policeman is murdered inside a speakeasy.
Frank Wiecek and another man are quickly arrested  and are later sentenced to serve 99 years  imprisonment each.
Eleven years later  Wiecek s mother puts an ad.
This leads the city editor to assign reporter P.
J.
McNeal to look more closely.
McNeal is skeptical  believing Wiecek to be guilty.
But he starts to change his mind  and meets increased resistance and the state attorney s office.
Who are unwilling to be proved wrong.
This is quickly followed from the state capital.
Where politicians are anxious to end a story that might prove embarrassing.
Eventually  Wiecek is proved innocent  among other things  the enlarging of a photograph showing the date on a newspaper.
Proves that a key witness s statement was false.
<EOS>
The film starts.
Martial Perrin  president of the parti centriste des Conservateurs Independants Progressistes  learns.
Richard Krauss  an old mercenary convicted  has evaded from prison.
He had publicly promised to kill every man.
Who had stood.
Martial Perrin is one.
Hours are announced.
Martial Perrin is now so terrified.
He acts  staying away from the windows and sources of light  exiting his home only by back doors  not even wanting to make public speeches.
His behavior quickly becomes a standing joke.
Therefore  Jean-Louis Constant  his councilor  advises him to be replaced.
The Krauss is caught and imprisoned.
The latter finds out.
Not only is his task amusing.
It is also the perfect way to fool the police  population  politicians and even his cousin s wife.
Will the killer be fooled.
We find a pleasant French comedy  spiced with a satire on political values.
<EOS>
William Bill Kluggs is the first  to enlist in the Army Air Forces after the attack on Pearl Harbor  making his father Herman  mother Gertrude and girlfriend Marge Fettles proud.
The whole town sees him off.
Willie tries to become a pilot but washes out.
He proves to be so proficient that  rather than being sent to Europe to fight  he is made an instructor and assigned to a base near his hometown.
He is branded a coward by the townsfolk.
Though he continually requests a transfer.
He finally gets his chance.
Bill is allowed to take his place.
The plane takes off  but owing to fog  is unable to land and runs low on fuel.
The crew is ordered to bail out.
Bill is asleep and does not parachute out.
It is.
He is captured immediately.
He sees a secret German rocket launch.
There. 
Is filmed.
He and the film are picked up and taken to England.
There  he passes the vital information and his eyewitness confirmation.
C.
He is in the bomber  France  England  and Washington  he is continuously wakened.
When he tries to sleep  and plied as a pick-me-up or to settle motion sickness.
Bill finally collapses  exhausted.
He is sent to recuperate  under strict orders not to reveal.
What he has done.
Where a doctor mistakenly puts him.
Willie escapes and heads home.
When the hospital attendants believe he is crazy and try to put him.
Back home   his parents and girlfriend do nt believe his story either.
Only four days have elapsed since he left Punxatawney.
Officers arrive to return him to Washington to be decorated personally by the President of the United States.
<EOS>
The Stooges meet up.
K.
Rimple and his daughter ask the trio to help them.
Who. 
The mission lands Sunev.
Where the Stooges are taken.
Sparks fly.
When the girls kiss the boys.
But then the ladies turn cannibalistic  and are.
The boys are able to escape  however.
A huge lizard appears  causing the women to run away.
The three jump back  knocking the Professor and his daughter out cold  and fly back to Earth.
They are then shown relating the story to an assembled group.
The Liars Club presents them.
When they finish.
<EOS>
Albert Fish tells the horrific true story.
Who lured children in Depression-era New York City.
Elderly but still deadly  Fish was inspired.
He took the stories as he preyed on victims to torture and sacrifice.
H.
Holmes  America s First Serial Killer  comes the first docudrama and definitive chronicle and times of cannibal Albert Fish.
Adding insight are interviews with artist and Odditorium owner Joe Coleman and renowned true-crime author Katherine Ramsland  Ph.
D.
<EOS>
The story is set.
The legions withdrew from the Isle of Britannia.
Pendragon is the story.
Who is raised to believe that God has a purpose.
He is taken into slavery by the Saxons.
Where Artos begins to question his God.
He soon manages to escape and is nursed back to health by a Roman outcast named Ambrosius.
Artos travels.
When he fully recovers.
Where he becomes a great warrior.
Advancing  Artos begins to understand.
His father s vision was not based  but on the plan of God.
Further events force Artos to decide.
<EOS>
Huey  Dewey and Louie wake up and open up their presents.
Though they are supposed to first wait to arrive.
It was time to go to bed.
The boys took their new sleds and went sledding  had a Christmas dinner  and sang carols.
Having enjoyed the day immensely  the boys then wish.
It would be Christmas every day.
Their wish is granted.
At first the three are joyful.
However  they begin to get sick of Christmas  so they then decide to change the course of the day by making tricks and pranks  including swapping the cooked turkey with a live one for the dinner table.
The day turns out to be a bad Christmas.
Hard their family had tried to make.
They then decide to make amends and turn the next day the best Christmas Day ever  thus ending the time loop.
Goofy and Max are mailing out a letter.
However   Pete  the neighbor  tells Max.
Soon as they get home.
Santa does nt exist as he quotes Well think.
An old guy.
Things get worse.
When Goofy poses as Santa finds out that he tricked him.
Goofy is determined to prove and even stays up all Christmas Eve.
Santa does exist.
To keep an eye out.
But  Goofy gives up hope of Santa coming.
Now  Max does everything.
Goofy did to make his father happy.
The real Santa actually comes and gives Max the gift.
The boy asked.
This segment s.
Precedes the cartoon series  Goof Troop.
Henry.
Mickey wants to get Minnie a gold chain  her watch  so he works at Crazy Pete s Tree Lot.
Minnie wants to give Mickey something special as well  so she works hard to get her special bonus.
However  Pete takes all.
When he ruins his chance.
Minnie s bonus proves to be nothing.
Mickey has the idea.
He can trade his harmonica.
Back  Mickey gives her the chain for her watch.
Minnie gives him a case.
The irony is -- -- so the gifts are essentially useless.
Minnie no longer has her watch.
As Mickey no longer has his harmonica.
This adaptation -- penned -- is based.
What counts.
Mickey s dance moves are very similar to his dance routine in the 1942 theatrical short  Mickey s Birthday Party.
<EOS>
Kara  George  and Enzo are 3 best friends.
Who have been constantly been bullied and nicknamed the Imba Trio.
Enzo gets carried out of the dance by Maximo and his crew.
He accidentally bumped while dancing.
And they also get dumped and are helped by Christian and Diego.
Kara and George try to help him.
The 3 decide to make a list to do.
Help them be popular so they wo nt get bullied and pranked anymore.
They make the list a dare.
The next day learns.
He has to retake a class again.
And but is stopped by the janitor.
Who is still cleaning the bathroom.
So Enzo decides to use the women s restroom hoping.
No one will notice.
But he bumps and develops a crush on her.
Meanwhile  George and her best friend Jepoy is back.
And Kara is.
Where she helps Robin when his backpack gets snatched  and unknowingly sells him the 1 issue.
Later that night  Enzo helps Maddie get her car out and locks himself out of his car.
Kara later becomes friends online without knowing his true identity.
George later hangs out.
She starts to develop a crush.
<EOS>
Sandusky  Ohio  1984  Eric Hunter is a Eurythmics-obsessed  musically driven teenager coming.
They befriend their lesbian manager  Angie  and a gay college student named Rod.
When Eric and his best friend  Maggie  accept summer jobs.
Sparks fly.
As Maggie waits patiently.
Eric and Rod eventually go.
Then Rod promptly heads back.
The encounter leaves Eric to have mixed feelings.
He is now more sure.
Eric starts to change up his appearance by letting Maggie dye the top half of his hair blonde  and wearing more effeminate clothes.
This raises eyebrows.
Eric learns.
His mom is going to get a job to help send him to study music.
Several guys call Eric gay slurs.
Cause him to leave.
Later that night  Eric ventures out The Universal  a hopping joint run by none other than his old boss  Angie.
Who tells him not to worry.
He dances.
Who takes him out where the guy gives Eric a rim job  but then leaves shortly afterwards.
Stung  he calls Rod.
Who at first seems happy to hear.
Them tells Eric.
He probably should nt call him anymore.
Eric then goes.
Where he finally tells her that he is gay.
Maggie does not seem to be that surprised.
She suspected Eric s relationship.
She comforts him nevertheless.
Eric starts visiting the bar frequently.
Where he feels accepted.
Eric clicks.
Waiting to meet up night.
She is heckled for being Eric s fag hag  and leaves.
When Maggie finally comes.
He follows Maggie.
She is really upset for previously leading her on.
Eric goes back.
He is already gone.
He goes in hopes of finding him  but decides to find Rod instead.
They go back.
Where they end up having sex.
Eric is shown to be uncomfortable  and leaves.
Rod falls asleep.
He is ambushed about his recent behavior and appearance  and says.
When Eric goes home.
People are getting the wrong idea.
Eric leaves  and goes to see Angie.
Angie explains.
It s difficult to accept yourself  and that he should give himself some time.
He reconciles  but quickly realizes.
Order to have a normal heterosexual relationship.
It was a mistake.
Crestfallen to toy with her affections  Maggie ends the friendship.
Eric s mother confronts him.
She leaves.
She found.
He quickly denies ever going  and leaves.
He finds his mother playing.
When Eric finally comes home.
He comes out  feeling a weight being lifted off his shoulders.
The film ends.
As Angie begins to sing.
<EOS>
Atlantic is a drama film based and set aboard a fictional ship  called the Atlantic.
The White Star Line nevertheless did.
Own a major liner called Atlantic which was lost.
The main plotline revolves.
Who has a shipboard affair.
The ship also has aboard an elderly couple  the Rools.
Who are.
Midway  the Atlantic strikes an iceberg and is damaged to the point.
Where it is sinking.
A shortage causes the crew to only allow women and children in.
Many couples are separated.
Mrs Rool refuses.
To leave her husband and after the boats are gone all the passengers gather and sing Nearer  My God  to Thee as the Atlantic sinks into the ocean.
The final scenes depict a group.
<EOS>
Greenwich Village witch Gillian Holroyd  a free spirit  has been unlucky in love and restless in life.
She admires her neighbor  publisher Shep Henderson.
Who one day walks to use the telephone.
She takes revenge.
When she learns he is about to marry an old college enemy.
She must eventually make a stark choice.
Witches who fall lose their supernatural powers.
Gillian s cat and familiar  Pyewacket  becomes agitated and leaves her.
When she decides.
Sidney Redlitch  the author  arrives in Shep s office.
Gillian discovers Shep s interest.
Redlitch is researching a book  and acquires an inside collaborator.
When Gillian s warlock brother Nicky volunteers his services for a portion of the proceeds.
Gillian uses her magic to make Shep lose interest and then confesses her identity as a witch to Shep.
He becomes angry  believing.
She enchanted him just.
Gillian threatens to cast various spells  but finds.
She has lost her powers for Shep.
Meanwhile  he finds.
He literally can not leave Gillian.
To escape  he turns.
Who breaks the spell.
Shep confronts Gillian and leaves her heartbroken.
He then tries unsuccessfully to explain to Merle.
Gillian is a witch.
Months later  Shep returns and discovers.
Gillian has lost her magic powers for him.
The two are reconciled.
<EOS>
Experiment is set.
Where the citizens were forced walk everywhere.
To solve this situation  city officials decided to conduct an experiment  people were allowed to fly.
Most citizens immediately grew wings and quickly moved  however.
Some reason wings did not grow.
To find such wingless people a place  they decided to appoint flight supervisors and invented strict rules and regulations for the flights.
<EOS>
The people struggle to survive on a daily basis.
Their lives   follow the rhythms of the earth  air and water  of day and night and the seasons  with days divided into five parts by the call to prayer.
Childhood is difficult.
A father typically has a preference.
Omer  the son  is such a victim of his father s dislike.
He wishes.
Old boy might think.
When his wish is not granted he begins to look to kill him as a twelve year.
Yakup seeing his father sexually interested are riddled between guilt and love and hate for their fathers.
Also develops a hatred and as the children grow up they.
<EOS>
Nami Matsushima is set up  a crooked police detective named Sugimi to win favor with the Yakuza.
She is raped.
She makes a failed attempt to stab Sugimi.
She is sentenced to do hard time.
Matsushima is given the number.
The prison is run.
The prisoners are forced to walk up and down a stair-like contraption naked.
Inmates like Yuki Kida  Otsuka  jailed  and Katagiri.
She meets.
Who was committed.
Who has been impounded.
Illegally disposing.
Sugimi and the Japanese mafia orchestrate a plan.
Which Matsushima will succumb.
They enlist the help and quickly set their plan in motion.
Matsushima is attacked but defends herself  wounding the attacker.
She is punished.
A group torments her.
One torments her by pouring hot soup on her.
Matsushima is able to trip the trustee and make her spill the vat  causing horrible burns.
Matsushima is forced to dig dirt holes straight.
She kills a woman.
Who attempts to attack her by tripping her and breaking her neck.
Matsushima is hung and tied.
Matsushima escapes and kills all the Yakuza and Sugimi with a dagger.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Pearl has quietly fallen with her boss Tom.
Who s married.
Tom asks Pearl to interview for another job.
Wounded  Pearl demands.
Tom terminate her.
The gauntlet has been thrown down.
Love does nt grow - it incubates and breeds  like a virus.
<EOS>
The film is.
Who meet after leaving their respective homes in different states.
Tookoo the elder   is both big brother and father to Din.
Who was first  adopts Din and as their relationship develops.
And we see.
The film progresses.
How Tookoo dreams  and how he and Din survive in the city  collecting recyclable items for sale.
We are touched.
What these two teenagers go as they are bullied by gangs who rob them of their hard-earned money  cheated by dishonest employers who do not pay them and traumatised by over-zealous police who arrest Tookoo by mistake.
<EOS>
David Koch  a climatologist employed  proposes a theory.
The last ice age was triggered.
He is sent to find out.
When unusually cold weather strikes Miami and the birds start to return.
What is happening.
Once there  he discovers a frozen body.
Is at least 10000 years old.
Is his appearance -- he looks.
What is interesting.
If he was instantly frozen.
He also discovers cave paintings.
Show the sun falling down.
A sudden blizzard then destroys a base camp and kills some members.
Back  he presents his findings to his co-workers and his boss.
He claims.
Another polar shift is only a couple away.
The new ice age is inevitable.
However  nobody believes him.
The shifting of the poles should last.
At least 200 years so the climate changes  if any  would nt appear overnight.
David s one-time love Bryn supports his theory.
The evacuation is ordered.
When the weather starts getting colder and colder.
The people start to move.
David  Bryn  and a group miss the chance to escape.
Their only hope is to hide.
Everything from 30 ยฐ north and south of the equator turns to absolute zero turning the Southern United States  Mexico  Central America  north of South America  and Africa into an ice desert.
They manage to survive.
Everything is frozen.
The sun appears again  they are rescued.
Many people die.
The world s climate changes completely -- Florida is completely frozen  Northern Canada and Siberia become hot deserts  Greenland  Iceland  Northern Europe  New York  Alaska.
Antarctica now have a tropical climate.
<EOS>
Opening introduce the show with a letter  from Cody Gordan of Evergreen  Colorado.
Who is having difficulty coming.
Larry answers he was told by his mother.
When he became an older brother.
Larry then yells ROLL FILM.
Laura Carrot portrays Miriam.
Who wonders why people refuse to acknowledge that her new baby brother Moses is a boy.
She is forced to look.
Her parents and elder brother Aaron are working.
She finds babysitting tougher.
She thought and complains.
But  she learns the value.
When Aaron is almost run down.
Miriam decides to hide Baby Moses.
She learns that the Egyptians are taking away all the Hebrew baby boys.
Larry tries to sing the blues with Blind Lemon Lincoln playing guitar and harmonica.
However  Larry is just too happy to sing the blues.
This irritates Blind Lemon.
Who leaves.
Larry is joined shortly thereafter.
Larry plays Duke Duke from the Kingdom of Scone.
He is terrible.
He receives a disapproving look.
When he fails a jousting test.
He comes.
Walking day.
Petunia is a Rhubarbarian.
Who has been exiled and has taken refuge with her poor mother-in-law  Nona who is Duke s cousin.
Duke is smitten  despite her being a foreigner.
Who is hated.
Nona reveals the history.
Her. 
She gives him half and says  and asks him to challenge Otis to a joust  wanting to take care of family and Petunia.
Otis was given the other half.
He willingly agrees and makes a gamble.
Whoever wins the joust gets both halves.
The next day the joust is set up.
The audience arrives to watch.
The contest involves multiple challenges  an obstacle course and a riddle from the Abbott of Costello.
The obstacle course is won by 15 seconds to.
Duke is ridiculed for standing up for a foreigner.
Duke solves.
The riddle and Otis is catapulted.
Duke and Otis are required to joust each other using pies to determine the winner.
Otis has superior skill  but  they change to Duke fans.
When the crowd hears Otis  boasting about the audience.
Duke finds the motivation.
He needs to succeed.
Duke s wits and dedication ultimately win him the competition.
The crest and leaving Otis publicly humiliated and angered.
He marries Petunia.
He and Petunia live happily.
Returning  Larry introduces his brothers.
Who then sing a three-part harmonized version.
Then Qwerty gives a Bible verse  the same verse.
The show ends.
<EOS>
The film opens as a struggling extra and bit actress dealing with her greedy stepfather Marino and oblivious mother Mama Jean.
She rises to fame and gains the unwanted attention of the Howard Hughes-inspired Richard Manley.
She then marries Paul Bern  an absentee husband.
Who kills himself some time.
His death  combined leads Harlow on an odyssey of failed relationships and alcoholism  culminating in her death of pneumonia at the age of.
<EOS>
Sang-woo  the leader  dies and sets up a reunion for Gi-yeong and the other members of the group.
Former bass player Seong-wook lives a hand-to-mouth existence working two jobs.
Drummer Hyeok-su is a single father struggling to make a living.
The jobless lead guitarist Gi-yeong dreams.
They all spurn the idea.
When he suggests they reform the band while the old friends reminisce.
But Gi-yeong persists and gets each  setting the stage for a rock and roll reunion.
<EOS>
A female detective tries to bust a crime ring operating.
The gang kill old man Dawn  the sapphire king  and steal his gems.
The detective s sister  a young nurse  is accused and imprisoned.
The detective tries to clear her sister s name.
There are two romantic subplots.
<EOS>
A man wearing a fur-collared coat is shot.
A British journalist is convinced.
He was intended victim.
He also wears a.
His made dangerous enemies.
<EOS>
The complexly interwoven lives form the basis of this psycho-sexual drama from iconoclastic film-maker Alain.
Living are a few native Greeks  several Chinese.
Who spend their days playing mah-jongg  Nordmann  a boozy screenwriter  and seductive Sarah la-Blonde  the madam  the town whorehouse  in which Sarah hides Santa  alias Lotus Blossom.
Sarah is teaching Santa to sing an aria.
One day  Frank   arrives.
Who could be a ghost.
He never speaks and appears to be looking for something or someone.
It is later learned.
He was involved.
It is up to figure out.
What parts are true and what parts are fiction.
<EOS>
Hanemura is the head.
He tells the members to disband the clan and go straight.
However  his clan ` brother  believes.
The clan can be saved if they arrange to give Hanemura a private performance before he enters prison.
The gang mistakenly kidnaps an American James Brown impersonator.
Who is himself being hunted.
Meanwhile  Hanemura is using his last day to track down the daughter.
He has nt seen.
These plots get entangled.
When it emerges that his daughter runs the talent agency that had brought the James Brown impersonator in the first place.
Father and daughter are reunited  Hanemura saves his daughter s company by performing a James Brown routine.
His prison sentence is quashed.
<EOS>
Student Marty Pascal brings his fiancee  Lesly  home to his family s McLean  Virginia estate.
To meet them.
Marty is obviously nervous and hesitant to his family  he has informed them.
He is bringing a guest.
Marty s family prepares.
Marty s twin sister Jacqueline  recently released  is ecstatic about his arrival.
She is informed that a friend is accompanying Marty.
She becomes distressed and   shows many signs to cope with change.
Suggest she suffers.
Referred by her family  Jackie has had a long obsession with the former first lady and the Kennedy assassination.
Jackie-O still emulates the former first lady in her style of dress and her hairstyle.
Jackie-O lives.
He and the matriarch are very protective of Jackie.
Mrs Pascal is immediately suspicious and guarded.
Meanwhile  Lesly is initially oblivious.
It is clear.
Marty is.
Their engagement is a way to break from his family mold.
Marty and Lesly become stranded in the house.
The storm lets up.
Jackie-O comes close to a melt-down at her bathroom sink  yet suddenly gains her composure and surprises Lesly.
Jackie playfully interrogates Lesly with Marty  going so far as to ask for graphic details about their sexual escapades.
Jackie-O informs Lesly.
Whom he shared an intense affair that there might be a reunion between the two former lovers.
It becomes clear.
Marty s lover was after she coerces Marty into playing their favorite childhood game  a re-enactment of the JFK assassination  a game that led to their first sexual encounter when they were.
Jackie-O and Marty play the game.
She runs over to cradle him.
She has shot him.
She begins to kiss him.
The two have sex.
Lesly walks in and  horrified  runs.
Upstairs where Anthony  who previously tried to warn her  convinces Lesly that he is an insecure virgin dying of a brain tumor  leading to a short and awkward sexual encounter.
Lesly confronts the family about the events of the night before.
Mrs Pascal coerces Anthony to tell Marty.
He slept.
Meanwhile  Jackie-O searches the house.
Marty had been ordered to hide  finding it in the bathroom.
She flushes Marty s car keys down the toilet and returns.
Where Lesly confronts.
Jackie pulls the gun and asks Marty to play their game one last time  agreeing to let them leave afterward.
Lesly runs to get their suitcases so she and Marty can leave.
Anthony races to find her medication.
Marty cautiously plays along.
Jackie shoots and kills her brother.
Lesly runs.
Jackie explains.
Marty was buried.
<EOS>
Submarine officer Jerry Harrington goes to Pensacola to train  just like his father and his brother  longtime airman Cass Harrington.
Jerry ends up falling.
Only increases the competition.
He is forced to leave the Navy.
Cass is seriously injured.
Jerry becomes a pilot and begins flying seaplanes.
Cass designs a new fighter.
Jerry wants to prove.
He is a better pilot  even if it means leaving the Navy to test the experimental fighter which has already led.
Irene is forced to choose.
Man she loves.
<EOS>
Flanked  Major Jack Holloway mans Uncle Sam s top-secret Phoenix fighter jet.
Holloway and Sparks enjoy some.
Holloway s mentor  General William Jacobs  keeps FBI agents Lock and Load.
It turns out and  temporarily assuming Holloway s identity  he steals the Phoenix.
Lucas is an operative.
Branded a pariah  Holloway not only gets.
He s also nearly obliterated.
When his prison transport is ambushed.
Holloway  determined to clear his name  escapes.
Extremist soldiers shoot Jessica and later kidnap Nicole.
He touches base.
No sooner does Sparks convince Lock and Load.
Kidnaps Sparks.
Jacobs tells Holloway.
If he ever wants to see Nicole alive again  Holloway must bomb the White House.
<EOS>
Don Quixote is a don.
Who plans.
His plan is simple -- kidnap the president  replace him  throw a scare and force the fake president to sell India.
Hero is new and broke.
Miss India is busy living it up the night she meets Hero.
They meet and decide to spend the night entertaining each other -- joking  dancing or doing anything they can think of.
Meanwhile  Don Quixote s son Prince has set his eyes.
Who thwarts all his overtures.
The night turns out to be an adventurous one.
Hero discovers.
Miss India s father is a drunkard who wants her to enter prostitution  while Miss India discovers that Hero has brain tumor.
They decide to save the president.
When they find out Quixote s plans.
Quixote gets killed.
Prince takes his throne.
Prince decides to continue his father s plan.
Some people previously rescued.
Miss India kill the fake president.
Prince suddenly makes an entry.
Hero  Miss India and their friends successfully overpower the cronies.
Hero kills Prince.
Finally  Hero makes a makeshift parachute and jumps.
Hero declares.
He is glad to be alive.
Hero tells her.
When Miss India reminds him that he has brain tumor.
The X-ray she saw was taken eight years ago.
<EOS>
Daffy is plucked by director Harvey Hassenpfeffer of Colossal Studios.
So he thinks.
However   Daffy s real fate is to be the stunt man  in this case Speedy Gonzales.
He was.
The picture is The Nursery Rhyme Review.
First  the sky is falling  next  the rockabye baby cradle falls.
Daffy realizes  so he asks.
He needs to get rid.
He deposits.
Daffy gets the love scene  his stand-in  Speedy  takes over.
<EOS>
She s been touted.
It s easy to understand.
The name Britney has become a household name.
A slew sold worldwide.
Britney Spears is flexing the muscles of her talent and showing the world.
How unstoppable she is.
Britney  the simplicity of the little belies the breadth and depth of each song  as the music deftly flows from pop to R&B  to lush balladry to funk and techno.
The video illustrations.
I ยด m Not a Girl  Not Yet a Woman prove.
Britney s signature style continues to cause a sensation and surprise.
You can own these incredible works of video art  as well as Britney s unforgettable performance on the 2001 MTV Video Music Awards  the groundbreaking video for Don ยด t Let Me Be The Last To Know from her multi-platinum album  Oops.
You ll also catch a glimpse at her photo shoot for the cover of Vogue magazine.
And   we ll take you behind the scenes on the set of Britney s first major motion picture  Crossroads.
There s even an exclusive music video.
Includes outtakes by Britney.
You ll get to know this superstar on a first-name basis.
<EOS>
The French secret agent Josselin Beaumont is sent to kill the ruling dictator  Colonel Njala.
However   the political situation changes drastically.
He manages accomplish his mission.
The French secret service resorts to handing to the Malagawian authorities.
Which Beaumont is injected drugs.
He returns to France and informs the French secret service of his presence  promising.
He will kill Njala  who is  thus getting his revenge on the people who betrayed him.
The secret service responds.
He manages to remain one step ahead  humiliating.
Beaumont switches their ID cards  spreading confusion and temporarily reducing Njala s guard.
The chief falls.
Beaumont eventually gets.
Njala killed.
Beaumont is shot.
He finally tries to escape.
<EOS>
Dandapani  coming  nurtures his ambition to become a owner of businesses like Reliance  Vasant & C.
O  Saravana Stores  etc.
He meets Nandhini.
Who falls with him because of his steadfast ambition.
He is not.
Thereafter he gives all his hard-earned money to own a shop in his newly constructed complex.
Annachi dies.
The construction is over.
Annachi s son does not believe.
He forcibly chases away Dandapani.
Later he learns.
Dandapani paid 35 lakhs from Registrar.
Finally Dandapani succeeds and sets up his supermarket.
<EOS>
During Japanese international student Haruka Yamano s stay in San Diego  California  her trip is abruptly cut short.
When she gets.
She returns.
Her father  Shigeyuki  leaves for a business trip abroad in Singapore  leaving her with her 19-year-old younger brother Koichi.
Haruka discovers one morning.
Her wheelchair has moved.
Believing it to be a burglary incident  Koichi begins setting up video cameras to catch the suspect.
All the windows had been locked  Koichi suspects it related.
He places a mound of salt in her room.
Becomes scattered.
Koichi begins to investigate even further.
Which Haruka disapproves.
Haruka reluctantly lets Koichi mount a video camera.
One break during dinner.
The camera records the demon entering Haruka s room and drawing her sheets.
Koichi s friend Jun Nagoshi visits the next day.
Who brings her friend Misuzu Kure along.
Misuzu remarks feeling a strange presence.
Curious  Koichi asks.
She can investigate the demon haunting Haruka.
Misuzu claims.
She has never felt a presence.
Haruka wakes up to the spirit touching her.
Koichi finds nothing.
Koichi and Haruka invite a Shinto priest.
The priest believes.
The demon has settled down and assures the two that they have nothing.
The night progresses.
Shigeyuki comes home from his business trip.
Haruka s wheelchair moves towards the camera and cuts it off.
Haruka and Koichi review the footage and realize.
The demon has not gone and is angry.
Koichi phones Shigeyuki s office  but is told.
He did not show up.
The next night  the events worsen.
When Haruka is violently dragged out by her hair via a force she reports to be under her bed.
Koichi tries contacting the Shinto priest  but is told.
The priest died after leaving the ceremony.
The two siblings debate and still receive no news from Shigeyuki.
When they call his cellular phone.
Haruka tells Koichi to escape.
The demon attacks them both.
Haruka recalls.
When night falls.
Katie  a woman involved  believes that the demon that had possessed her is now targeting her.
She reveals.
She experienced similar strange phenomena.
He hears her screaming and finds her.
Koichi leaves her room.
Haruka claims.
The demon is tormenting her and reveals a strange bite mark on her arm before losing consciousness.
Koichi watches Haruka and  in the morning  places a crucifix in her hand.
Haruka drops the crucifix.
He leaves the room.
It moves along the floor.
Several windows break spontaneously.
Haruka does not awaken.
Haruka wakes up at 1 AM  walks to Koichi s room  and stares at him.
He is asleep.
She walks downstairs and wakes Koichi with a scream.
Alarmed  Koichi runs.
Where he discovers Shigeyuki s corpse lying.
A possessed Haruka appears and knocks away the camera.
She violently throws Koichi and slowly approaches him.
Koichi escapes and boards a taxi outside.
Haruka suddenly appears.
The taxi drives away.
The taxi collides before slamming into a wall.
The crash kills the driver.
Koichi survives the accident.
Later  Koichi goes to pay respects to the dead taxi driver.
However  he is suddenly dragged.
The camera begins running again.
The camera cuts.
Haruka is seen slowly staring up.
An epilogue text states  Shigeyuki s body was discovered.
Koichi was found dead.
Haruka s whereabouts remain unknown.
<EOS>
A young Polish seaman named Bronislav Korchinsky returns from his latest voyage to visit his girlfriend Anya.
The landlord tells him.
When he finds a woman named Christine living.
He evicted Anya and gives him her new address  which is also the home.
Gillie s angelic face hides the fact.
She is a habitual liar.
She dearly wants a cap gun.
She can play Cowboys and Indians.
Korchinsky arrives shortly.
She gets.
She begins to like him.
She leads him.
Korchinsky finds Anya.
She wants nothing to do.
Dissatisfied.
He is.
She defends herself.
When Korchinsky assaults her.
He takes the gun  becomes furious with jealousy  and shoots her dead.
Gillie witnesses the incident.
She takes it and runs.
When the landlord investigates the noise  Gillie hides  and when Korchinsky hides the gun near her.
Wanting to keep the gun  Gillie lies to police superintendent Graham.
What she saw.
Korchinsky follows her.
Where she shows the gun.
Afterwards he chases her.
They make friends.
He takes the gun.
He agrees to take her.
He flees the country.
He learns.
A Venezuelan merchant ship  the Poloma  will leave port the next day.
Gillie leads him.
Where he entertains her.
The scene is actually filmed at Avonmouth  he persuades Gillie to let him go alone  retrieves his identification papers from Christine  and signs on to the ship.
Meanwhile  the police investigate the murder.
The mother finds  the boy tells Graham about the gun  Christine brings a photograph of Korchinsky to the police.
The bullet Gillie gave him.
Barkley admits.
She was shot.
Some men find Gillie and take her to the police.
Where she continues to lie  identifying Barkley.
She admits to having seen the crime and re-enacts it for Graham at the apartment.
She accidentally reveals.
She knows the killer is Polish.
She still denies knowing Korchinksy.
Graham drives her and takes her on a Pilot Boat to the Poloma.
It approaches the boundary three miles from shore.
Gillie is obviously trying to obstruct Graham s progress.
They deny knowing each other.
When he confronts her and Korchinsky.
The captain stops him  Gillie falls overboard.
When he arrests Korchinsky.
She can remain.
Being the only person to see her fall  Korchinsky ignores the risk into the water to save her.
They are both rescued.
Korchinsky admits his guilt him.
Graham commends him.
<EOS>
Three men and a horse stand.
The first man holds the reins of the horse  the second man in black stands observing.
The third man attempts to mount the horse.
He is finally able to seat himself and is set to ride off Sidesaddle.
<EOS>
The film is set during the Seven Years  War.
Fanfan is a charming  attractive young man.
The film begins.
Who is trying to escape a shotgun marriage.
He is approached by the daughter of a recruiting officer  Adeline   fortune  and will marry the king s daughter.
Who tells him that if he joins the army  he will find fame.
Accordingly he joins the army  only to discover.
She made the whole thing up for her father to get a recruiting bonus.
Nevertheless  encouraged  he accepts her prediction as his destiny.
A series ensues.
Shows off his athleticism and leadership ability.
We become aware.
The film progresses.
However conflicts.
<EOS>
Sabrina is turning 13 years old receiving her first magic wand and as custom for all witchlings  she s off to the Witch Academy to learn the three principles of witchdom.
Feeling inferior  Sabrina conceals her mixed heritage and manages to rise.
She s only a.
Sabrina joins her new friends.
Who does nt fit in.
The pair become good friends.
When Sabrina discovers that Nichole is a.
Sabrina s other friends figure something is going on and set out to prove.
Nichole is a half witch.
They accomplish this and find the half star on her hand.
Nichole is ridiculed.
There is no end.
Sabrina visits Nichole and come together and begin their journey to the witches  realm in hopes of becoming full witches.
Entering the witches  realm  Sabrina and Nichole stumble.
Both girls enter the first door and become mermaids.
Making their way back  they try the second door.
Makes them figure skaters.
A hockey player appears on the ice and shoots pucks into the net.
Where both girls are.
The girls throw a few pucks.
A hockey brawl takes place.
Sabrina and Nichole escape and exit back into the realm.
They go.
Where they meet two princes and begin to dance.
Enchantra finds out.
The two girls are and sends two of her minions to get them.
Sabrina and Nichole reach the great wish-granting wisdom tree.
Sabrina steps forward first to make her wish and asks to be a full witch.
Her wish is granted.
This makes Nichole a mortal and consequently turns her.
A mortal ca nt be.
Sabrina asks the tree to change her back.
It ca nt has already been done.
It tells her.
Only a certain amulet can help her.
Salem has told her  so Sabrina hurriedly seeks him out.
His collar is just this kind.
Unfortunately  he lied.
She is unable to save Nicole.
Distraught  she is about to turn herself.
When she is stopped.
Sabrina chides the school for making fun of Nicole because of her heritage  and reveals.
She herself is a.
<EOS>
One summer day a group have an argument about.
Embark during the annual firework festival.
Meanwhile  one  Nazuna  is troubled by her parents  separation and decides to choose one of the boys to run away with.
<EOS>
The film is set.
People come deliberately seeking the virus.
Victims are quarantined in sanatoriums for the protection of tourists.
Forced abortions are carried out to prevent the births.
Anna Kim is one such tourist.
Who arrives.
Anna wishes to become infected to forget the painful memories of her abortion.
Her virus guide  Yuki  is seven months pregnant and unwell  but needs the money to support herself and her unborn child.
K  their driver  is new and starting his first assignment.
An orphan  he keeps an old photograph of himself as a child on the dashboard of his taxi  he picks up other passengers in the hopes.
Someone will recognize him  even though this is.
Ater meeting Yuki and K  Anna is taken straight to a number of virus exposure sites  but their early attempts at finding.
The virus are cut short.
Finding out  Anna requests a new guide.
K  suspicious  reports her to the authorities as a suspected lead poisoning victim.
Nevertheless   a bond starts to develop.
Yuki treats Anna to acid rain.
The three spend some time together.
Anna cooks a meal.
Yuki reveals her collection of personal items from previous clients  memories.
She is safeguarding should those people ever wish to remember their past again.
Yuki is taken away by the city authorities.
Continuing as a guide  K continues to drive Anna around the city.
Anna is frustrated by K s efforts to learn about his own past.
They begin to understand each other.
They spend more time together.
One night  they are involved over the side of a bridge  Anna rescues K from the water below and manages to resuscitate him.
She later requires treatment herself.
Having recovered  Anna begins to make arrangements for her return home.
However  she decides to track down Yuki and uses the last.
They resume their search  but are cut short once again.
When Yuki s water breaks.
Knowing  Anna urges Yuki to put her own health first.
She will not survive the birth.
Yuki is adamant that she will have the baby.
Unable to reach the hospital  Anna fulfils  takes her down to the beach.
Yuki s wish to have a water birth  and  assisted.
Where she delivers the baby.
Yuki later dies.
They discover an old passport  suggesting.
Anna and K search.
This is not the first time she has been in search of the virus.
Having no memory  Anna goes to the Butterfly Travel Agency headquarters.
Where she demands answers  but as she has signed a waiver they refuse to divulge any information.
Later  she tells K.
She wanted to adopt Yuki s son in order to make a fresh start  but that she knows he needs the child more than she does.
Three years later  K is still working.
No longer searching  he now keeps a photograph of Anna in his taxi  along with one of him and his adopted son.
<EOS>
The film tells the story during World War II  though the main underlying themes deals with Filipino nationalism and the legacies of colonialism.
The story takes place  located in Central Visayas  before and during the Japanese Occupation of the Philippines.
Duroy is a banca operator.
Who is with Iset  the most bewitching girl in a village where the main thoroughfare is the river.
Iset is an obedient child.
Whose father and materialistic aunt hope that she will marry the American businessman she works  and thereby marry up into wealth and status instead of marrying one of the hard-working Filipino village men.
The resident American businessman  John Smith  is an abusive  rude and stingy landowner.
He has taken notice and is interested in her.
It is not clear if he is considering her.
Iset  however  has made it plain.
She likes Duroy who she asked to express his love.
Duroy takes his time.
Ibo  Duroy s brother  is also smitten and moves more quickly.
He stops courting Iset.
Duroy adores his family and does not want to get.
Duroy is devoted.
Who now only consists  Bikay.
Duroy s father left them earlier to go off.
Heartbroken and ill  Duroy s mother eventually dies.
When they have no more money to buy medicine.
Smith sees Ibo talking at the warehouse and fires him on the spot.
Ibo tries to kill Smith.
Smith successfully fights and kills Ibo in self-defense instead.
Duroy vows revenge.
Mr Smith is drafted and has to leave the village.
When the Japanese invasion begins.
The commander.
Her aunt makes plans to marry Iset.
Meanwhile  many flee to the mountains.
The women and children remain.
Several years pass.
Duroy and his men launch an attack against the Japanese garrison.
The Japanese respond.
Eventually a mixed group arrive in Bohol to help the Boholano guerrilla force defeat the Japanese troops during the Second Battle of Bohol in.
Duroy kills the Japanese commander -- his new rival -- after a long fight in the village.
Smith returns.
It was.
Duroy attacks him  beats him up and humiliates him but stops short.
Iset refuses Smith s clumsy offer to renew their relationship and chooses Duroy.
The end implies a once-more blossoming romance.
<EOS>
Advertising executive Shunsuke Sakuma is.
Winning numerous advertising awards  the cool Shunsuke lives a life.
Most men only dream.
He luckily lands a new massive product campaign.
Working with an estimated three-billion Yen invested  the project would make Shunsuke.
But  the project is suddenly dropped by a single man - Katsutoshi Katsuragi the son of the original founder and Vice President of Mikado Beer.
Declared incompetent and replaced by a nobody on the project  Shunsuke gets drunk and drives to Katuragi s mansion to tell him off.
But instead  he sees a girl climbing out and trails her.
The girl happens to be Juri Katsuragi  Katsutoshi Katsuragi s eldest daughter.
Shunsuke approaches Juri  threatening.
He would tell her father if she did not come.
Initially  Shunsuke planned to bring her back to win his favor.
He plots a payback scheme by kidnapping Juri.
Juri  not wanting to stay  goes along with the kidnapping.
Scared.
Would result if they found out that he had an extramarital affair.
<EOS>
The film is set.
A mad scientist known called Engineers.
Key Man has created a virus that mutates humans.
Sprout bizarre weapons.
The Tokyo Police Force has been privatized to deal  so a special squad of officers called.
Engineer Hunters are created to deal.
However   the Engineer Hunters are a private quasi-military force.
Utilize violence  sadism  and streetside executions to maintain law and order.
Helping the police force is Ruka  a troubled loner.
Who is very skilled.
She is looking for the killer of her father  an old-fashioned officer.
Who was murdered by a mysterious assassin.
Ruka soon receives a new case to hunt down Key Man.
He infects her.
She encounters him.
Meanwhile  massacres the main precinct  the Tokyo police chief orders a city-wide crackdown on Engineers -- indiscriminately executing anyone suspected of being one.
Ruka visits Key Man s home.
Continuing her investigation.
Where he reveals the truth.
His father was a police sniper.
Who resigned.
Desperate to keep his family out  he was paid to assassinate Ruka s father.
Who was leading a rally.
But  he was murdered by the police chief -- the real mastermind of the assassination -- in front of Key Man.
Swearing to avenge his father s death  he injected himself  mutating him into his present form.
She and Key Man are seeking vengeance.
She witnesses the police force brutalizing civilians accused of being Engineers.
Ruka s left arm mutates.
When her bar owner friend is drawn and quartered.
She beheads the officers.
She is shot in the right eye.
Her body quickly replaces it.
She confronts the police chief.
Who admits  but explains that he raised her to become the perfect Engineer Hunter as atonement.
Ruka decapitates the police chief -- effectively bringing down his reign on the police force.
It is revealed  having mended himself back into one piece with the help of one of his test subjects.
Key Man is still alive.
<EOS>
A young doctor  Robert Merivel  enters the service after having saved the King s favorite spaniel.
Merivel finds himself enjoying a life at court.
The King informs him that he has arranged to wed Celia  the King s favorite mistress.
The purpose is to fool another of the King s mistresses.
Merivel is given an estate named Bidnold.
Celia is installed.
Where the king can visit her secretly.
Merivel lives a life there  but also finds pleasure in restoring the house to its former beauty with the support of Will Gates  the man.
Who runs the estate.
However  things become complicated.
When Merivel breaks the King s cardinal rule.
Elias Finn  a painter commissioned to paint a portrait of Celia  tricks Merivel into revealing his romantic feelings for Celia.
Who does not return Merivel s affections.
The King banishes him from court back to his life as a physician.
Merivel rejoins his old friend  John Pearce.
Who has opened a Quaker sanitarium.
There  Merivel meets Katherine  a troubled young woman.
Whose husband walked out after their daughter drowned in the river.
Merivel and Katherine become lovers.
Pearce falls fatally ill.
Katherine makes a scene declaring.
Merivel is tending.
Who live and work that Merivel is her lover.
They then discover.
Katherine is pregnant  and after the death of Pearce  Merivel and Katherine are both asked to leave.
The pair return.
As the Great Plague has hit.
Katherine gives birth.
Katherine dies.
There is no way to ward off infection once the body has been cut open.
Merivel promises Katherine.
He will care  and that he loves Katherine.
Merivel feels compelled to do.
The plague continues to kill the people.
What he can.
He leaves Margaret.
Who promises to care in his absence.
Who have all been quarantined together  and does what he can to ease the suffering.
He says.
When someone asks.
He is John Pearce.
Merivel is once again summoned to the palace.
The King fears.
Celia has contracted the plague.
Merivel soon assures him.
She does not have the plague  but rather has a treatable fever and is.
Merivel realizes the life at the court.
He has now is more rewarding and fulfilling and loves.
He left behind.
Suddenly  the court is notified.
The city is ablaze.
Merivel races back.
He is unable to find her.
Falling  and is floated by the river current away from the city.
He is being cared back at Bidnold  the estate  and was then taken away.
When he awakens.
The King had given at his marriage of Celia.
He can not recover.
Merivel recovers.
When suddenly the King arrives.
He informs Merivel.
He has discovered the doctor s true identity  and that he was impressed.
The King steps aside to reveal a nurse holding Margaret  Merivel s daughter  safely in her arms.
The King once again gives Bidnold to Merivel  stating.
This time it will never be taken away.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Ruth Matthews moved her family to a quiet suburb  hoping to put the past behind them.
Her daughter  Sally  is apparently traumatized and starts displaying unusual behavior.
Her son Michael is able to adapt.
Ruth is later court mandated to see Jake Beerlander  an expert  to help Sally.
<EOS>
Melanie Adams is a divorced mother.
Who gave birth at age.
Nowadays  she is a successful news correspondent working.
She travels to Los Angeles to do a report on a sick  but optimistic girl.
She immediately feels attracted.
Peter is a widowed father  18-year-old Mark  15-year-old Pam  and 8-year-old Matt.
Their mother died  refusing treatment.
The family is still grieving.
Especially Pam has difficulty dealing.
Melanie and Peter part ways.
They soon conclude  to move  now 16  to Los Angeles.
They ca nt live and Melanie reluctantly gives up her job  thereby ruining her chances of becoming an anchor.
There  she takes a job and soon finds out the other co-host  Paul Stevenson  is not glad with her arrival  trying to sabotage her opportunities.
Further on  she and Peter are married.
Trying to adjust does not go without trouble.
Val and Mark fall.
She becomes pregnant.
Fearing their parents  judgment  they decide to visit a downtown unexperienced doctor.
Val soon becomes very sick.
Forces Mark to tell Melanie and Peter the truth.
Melanie is bothered.
Dealing. 
Peter s first wife still has.
Pam and the house maid Mrs Hahn treat her horribly  she is not allowed to take.
The twins still have to use a spare room.
Peter is delighted.
When Melanie finds out she is pregnant.
The children are disgusted.
Realizing  she considers having an abortion.
She already does not have enough time to spend time.
Melanie decides.
When Peter thinks she only wants an abortion.
She has had enough.
She packs her stuff and runs away.
The family soon realizes all the trouble.
They have caused Melanie.
Peter convinces her.
Pam decides to give Melanie a chance.
Peter finally agrees.
His first wife should not have this much impact.
Mrs Hahn is fired and replaced.
<EOS>
High profile defense attorney Kitt Devereux takes the case.
The daughter is brutally murdered.
Medina is a likely suspect.
Devereux suspects.
There s more as she locks horns with her ex-husband  D.
A.
Jack Campioni  and a wealthy woman is a presidential candidate.
Whose son.
Dealing  Devereux struggles to prove her client s innocence even to herself.
<EOS>
The film is set  during the later stage of the Chinese Cultural Revolution.
Two city boys  Luo Min and Ma Jianling  are on their way to a remote village in the mountainous Sichuan province for.
The boys are questioned on their reactionary backgrounds by the Chief  the village leader  in the presence of the other villagers.
Luo s father turns out to be a dentist.
Who had once fitted a false tooth  while Ma s father is a doctor.
The Chief also examines the boys  luggage and burns a cookbook.
He claims to be bourgeois.
He is about to throw Ma s violin as well.
He is stopped.
The two boys are allocated a house and immediately join.
Include transporting buckets as well as working in the coal mine.
One day  a young girl  granddaughter from the neighbouring village and known to everyone as the Little Seamstress  comes by with her grandfather to listen to Ma play violin.
Luo and Ma befriend the Little Seamstress and soon both fall with her.
The girl  illiterate but hungry  and the boys  vowing to transform her  devise a plan to steal a suitcase filled with banned translated Western novels from Four-Eyes  another boy undergoing re-education in the village but bound to return to the city.
Luo begins to read.
But her favourite turns out to be Balzac.
The Little Seamstress soon falls with Luo.
One day   she tells him.
Luo is departing to visit his sick father.
She has a problem but does not elaborate.
She later confides to Ma  but population-curbing laws forbid marriage.
She is pregnant.
Abortion is illegal.
Ma travels.
Who knows his father and begs the latter.
The gynecologist is moved and agrees to travel.
Life resumes as before.
One day  however  the Little Seamstress  now completely changed.
Luo and Ma have introduced her.
Later   Luo and Ma both return to the city as well.
Luo later becomes a professor.
Ma moves and becomes a professional violinist.
Ma travels back in the hope of finding the Little Seamstress again.
When he sees that the construction of the Three Gorges Dam will soon flood the village he spent three years in.
However  his efforts are futile.
He brings back only a video recording  including the now aged Chief.
The latter confesses an earlier failed attempt in Shenzhen and Hong Kong.
Ma meets up.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who has Tourette syndrome.
Miles becomes friends.
Who also has Tourette s  but who has learned to cover it up.
Tyrone tells Denny Harley.
Who bullies Miles that the reason they both tic is -- Tyrone  because we both know the code.
Denny  Code  what code.
Denny  So you and Miles made this whole thing up.
I.
A.
Did  a lot know about it now.
<EOS>
Vinay studies.
Where Priya enters.
Srikanth is also a student.
His character has negative shades.
The first half revolves mostly around the love story of the hero and heroine.
Dharma Teja happens to rescue the hero.
Hero hates Dharma Teja.
Interval arrives disclosing the fact.
Dharma Teja is the father.
Second half becomes serious with Vinay s allegation on his father stating.
He is a smuggler and has killed his wife.
Vinay and Priya get married.
Dharma Teja shoots Srikanth.
He tries.
However  the villains continue to show their grudge.
Meanwhile hero s child is kidnapped.
Priya goes.
Vinay finds.
Dharma Teja has kidnapped the child.
Dharma Teja narrates the flashback.
When asked.
Where he had to leave his wife to rescue the life.
Vinay and Dharma Teja are now united  much.
The villains now kidnap hero s son leading.
Amidst the drama and action sequences  comedy is an asset to the movie.
Music is given.
<EOS>
The film takes Aldous Huxley s novel and modernizes it  setting it in a large metropolitan area much like the cities of today  albeit a bit cleaner  brighter  and free of poverty and crime.
The plot centers  she is also in charge of the sleep-teaching machines that condition the children at night.
Who is responsible.
Marx and Lenina have been seeing each other almost exclusively  a practice.
Is beginning to attract unwanted attention.
Marx is increasingly coming under scrutiny by his boss for his wild theories on human psychology and mind control.
The couple vacations.
Is dirty  poor  and rustic to the pristine city from which Marx and Lenina hail.
Their helicopter crashes.
The couple is rescued by a young man named John Cooper.
Who turns out to be the son who was seduced  impregnated  and abandoned by an unidentified Alpha years ago.
Marx invites the Savage and his mother Linda to visit civilization.
That he may study John s mind and perhaps gain some insight.
John is initially excited  but soon finds it dull and boring without the availability of literature  philosophy  free thinking and especially Shakespeare.
The populace constantly hounds him  seeing him as a new celebrity ready made  his story spawns a feature film and even his own clothing trend.
Marx gains the notice and moves up the ladder.
Lenina finds herself having strong feelings and even stronger ones for Bernard.
Meanwhile  the DHC   erases his name to kill Marx  knowing  suggesting.
Who turns out to be John s natural father.
If Marx identifies him  the consequences could be dire  and visits Linda in the hospital.
She take more soma to forget she ever saw him.
Linda s constant use called.
Soma finally proves fatal.
He yells.
When John visits his mother.
Who make fun  then rushes upstairs to the soma rationing room and tries to rally everyone into giving up the drug.
The plot fails.
The DHC is exposed  leading to his dismissal and reengineering as a menial laborer.
Mond   promotes Marx and pardons John.
Who also reads Shakespeare.
Seeking to escape the constant pressure  John flees  is cornered relentlessly by the press  and is run off of a cliff.
Where he falls.
It is revealed.
Lenina is pregnant.
The couple  Bernard Marx and Lenina Crowne  take the long tunnel and become a family there.
Back  a child   can be seen plugging his ears with tissue during a sleep-teaching session.
Who is identified.
<EOS>
Babae sa Breakwater is a film.
Who escapes to the slums of Manila with his younger brother Buboy.
Residing beneath the tourist-infested breakwater of Manila  Basilio falls in love with a prostitute named Paquita.
Paquita started whoring so early.
She s already played out.
Their relationship is troubled.
This tragic tale covers a whole plethora.
Surround Manila life.
<EOS>
The movie is set.
It is the livelihood.
A Mokkaiyan along grab the land and give it on a lease for a local MLA Konda Mookan.
Humiliated and agitated  the villagers decide to put an end.
They set off.
Who once strived and later forced to flee the village due to Mokkaiyan s family.
They finally spot Sivaraman.
Where he works tirelessly.
They convince him to return and teach Mokkaiyan and his family a lesson.
Enters Sivaraman.
He comes and falls in love with her.
Meanwhile  he also embarks.
<EOS>
The film takes place.
Deanie Loomis and Bud Stamper are a high school couple  being pressured.
Especially Deanie s oldfashioned mother is  warning her daughter.
He only wants to sleep.
She fears.
Her daughter will eventually go all the way.
Meanwhile  Bud desires to have sex and is frustrated.
She is determined to wait.
Not wanting to wait his entire teen life  he considers sleeping.
He is unhappy and is fighting all the time with his father Ace.
He wants his son to go.
Bud is more interested.
Meanwhile  Deanie is driven mad and is on the edge of a nervous breakdown.
The film also focusses.
Who uses her looks to get what she wants.
Deanie   finds out.
Who is seeing a psychiatrist to work.
Bud is cheating.
<EOS>
The story follows the characters.
Whose husband naval aviator Lt.
Neil Thomas was declared MIA.
Susan immediately clashes.
When he overhears her referring.
She apologizes  and starts to enjoy spending time.
Her friendship makes.
Her have doubts with her almost fiance  Andrew.
It is revealed.
The interview process goes on.
Mrs Thomas finds only silence from the Department of the Navy.
Susan turns to Andrew.
Part rests on the fact that he frequently leaves the country  and has connections in the place.
Where Lt.
Thomas was last seen.
Who puts pressure.
The now deceased Billings  son tells.
Who rescued the wounded naval aviators.
Putting past hard feelings aside  Andrew Hawthorne goes to the Philippines and sets up a teleconference for the aged Caroline and elderly Morang.
The story.
Thomas  Morang says  but wanted his more seriously injured gunner  Billings to get medical aid.
He was badly wounded.
Deep  he joins the Filipino Guerillas.
When Thomas had recovered.
Thomas is killed.
Morang knows the location.
Thomas.
The US Navy goes and returns the remains and effects to the United States.
Caroline is given Neil s wallet and dogtags.
Caroline is also given his Navy Cross  Silver Star and Purple Heart.
Lt.
Thomas is buried  with full military honors.
Caroline is further cheered.
When her beloved grandson and the woman who helped her discover the fate begin a romantic relationship.
<EOS>
Set  confusion reigns.
When St Swithin s Girls School is accidentally billeted.
The two heads  Wetherby Pond and Muriel Whitchurch  try to cope.
The children and staff attempt to live  and seek to prevent the children taking advantage of their new opportunities.
Additional humour is derived.
The main comedy is derived.
The parents would consider it improper for their daughters to be exposed to the rough mix of boys in Pond s school  and from the consequent need to conceal the fact that the girls are now sharing a school that s full of boys.
Pond is offended.
His boys are not suitable company.
He needs to appease Miss Whitchurch to salvage his chances of an appointment to a prestigious all-boys school.
Which he is  and which depends on his ability to prevent his current post presenting the appearance of a bear garden.
Matters come.
When a group  from the prestigious establishment to which Pond has applied to become the next headmaster  pay a visit at the same time as the parents of some of the St Swithin s girls.
Frantic classroom changes are made.
Hockey  lacrosse and rugby posts and nets are swapped about.
Students and staff try to hide the unusual arrangement.
Two simultaneous tours are arranged  one for the girls parents  and a separate one for the Governors  and never the twain must meet.
The punchline is delivered - a clever swipe.
When  weeks too late  a Ministry official arrives  to declare everything sorted out.
You re a co-educational school  I believe  well I ve arranged to replace St Swithin s next week  Oh  it appears.
They re ahead.
Several more coachloads of children and staff appear noisily  and utter chaos reigns.
Fade out  quietly discussing  with her mentioning having a brother.
Which remote and unattractive corner might best try to pick up the pieces of their respective careers.
Who  grows groundnuts.
<EOS>
This film is the story and her quest to purify herself.
Angela is a 10-year-old girl trying to cope.
Her parents are former performers.
Who have resigned themselves.
They are now having problems.
Her mother Mae has drastic mood shifts.
Bring her.
Her father Andrew tries to hold everyone together.
Mae s vacillations are becoming more.
He can manage.
Angela tries to cope.
Left to figure out everything  she grabs at scraps of religion  superstition  and fantasy.
To try to make some sense out and understand the difference between good and evil.
Adrift  she and her six-year-old sister Ellie concoct magical rituals and have visions  reading signs in the way  they set off to find their way to heaven.
A towel falls off a chair or a tool falls off a truck.
They wander  meet a lot of strange people  and try to find a way to absolve themselves of whatever ` sins   and ` go to heaven.
They may have committed.
The stories are mainly meant to scare her into submission.
Angela tells her little sister.
But.
Her mother succumbs  Angela becomes obsessed with the idea.
The only way her mother is going to get better is if she and her sister can wash away all.
<EOS>
Set  the film tells the story of one gory day  October 15th  in ` Woodmire Lake  a small town in the Midwest.
Recounted through.
All but one member of the Kent and the Todd families are brutally killed and dismembered.
<EOS>
Young traffic cop Yang Le sees kindergarten teacher Xiao You leading her kids to cross the road everyday.
He suddenly learns.
He starts to have special feelings.
She is a.
Meanwhile  Yang s half-brother has a crush.
But she will leave China.
When shooting is over.
Can the four find true love.
<EOS>
Oilfield worker John Alexander is.
He talks Hap OConnor.
Though Hap has been contacted and given a wanted poster with a photograph of the fugitive.
Hap is rewarded.
When Johnny saves him.
However   Johnny has to flee.
When the police show up again.
Hap and his crew travel to dig a well for old friend Ellery Q.
Wildcat Chalmers.
Hap is pleasantly surprised to discover.
Wildcat s daughter Linda has grown up.
However  Charles Hammond  Wildcat s longtime bitter enemy  sees.
His loan request is turned down.
Wildcat has no more money.
Hap offers his life savings and is made a partner.
They find.
When they haul their equipment.
Their way blocked.
They drive.
A wild melee breaks out.
Hap and Johnny find themselves at each other s throat.
Johnny quickly switches sides.
Hammond s men are sent packing.
Johnny goes to work.
His arrogant attitude gets.
She is particularly annoyed  freckle nose.
The two are attracted despite themselves.
Hap does not realize it.
He is soon released.
When Johnny gets arrested.
However  he decides.
It is time to move on  as his fingerprints were taken.
Hap is injured.
He leaves though.
Johnny is the only one  so Linda catches him and persuades him to come back.
Who can take over.
They finally admit.
They love each other.
Johnny tells her.
He killed a man.
They plan to go.
He finds out and tries to dissuade them.
When Hap recovers enough to come back.
The well hits water.
Hap knows the same thing happened.
He has them continue digging.
They strike oil.
Johnny leaves just  as policemen come looking for him  having matched him to his fingerprints.
However  lightning sets the oil well ablaze.
A crane is needed to put the fire out.
The driver refuses to go any further.
Johnny takes his place.
The fire is put out.
He is taken afterward.
Linda goes to face the charge.
<EOS>
The film follows Harry Voss.
The first is.
The phases show the destruction of hope and innocence and his descent into cynicism  alcoholism and hopelessness.
Idealizing romantic love  he is bitterly disappointed.
When the real world does not match the idealized images in his own imaginings.
He then discovers.
His peers consider him an outcast due and physically disfiguring cystic acne  which covers his face  chest  shoulders and back in weeping pus-filled sores and repulses all who see him.
He turns to kill the pain and disappointment  losing all hope of finding true love  only to end up destitute  as an alcoholic in later adulthood.
Only encounter late in his life is.
He transported back that he craved in his youth.
Finally fulfilled  he dies.
The irony Harry places on this single event  sums up his lost life and finally makes him the hero of his own story.
Each involves a sexual encounter with a passive female.
The child is pushed into a sexual encounter with a friend s attractive mother.
She is sleeping  drunk.
A girl lies passively in the back seat of a car  uninterested.
He attempts to have sex.
She does it only to her boyfriend and turns away in disgust at his appalling cystic acne.
Who is friends  but can not carry through in the end.
As an older alcoholic  he and his drunk friend stumble upon a fresh corpse and steal it as a joke  only for Harry to find.
The dead - but still warm - girl resembles the girl.
The next morning his friend finds.
Harry has committed suicide.
<EOS>
The plot revolves.
Tom s character is married and must protect calendar girls  Sharon is a former calendar girl.
He must protect.
They get very close.
Tom does not have an affair with Sharon.
She is enraged and tries to kill his wife but he stops her.
<EOS>
They fell  Chen Qiushui was.
Wang Biyun was.
Biyun gave him a gold engagement ring.
When Qiushui fled Taiwan.
They promised to meet again.
Qiushui served during the Korean War.
Where he met Wang Jindi  a nurse who fell in love with him instantly.
Years had gone  Qiushui married Jindi and settled in Tibet.
Biyun buried Qiushui s mother and continued to pray.
Flashback  Biyun is living in New York.
Her niece played has travelled to Tibet to find out.
What happened.
She sends back via internet  Biyun finally gets to see the familiar face once again.
<EOS>
The Mousekewitzes -- a Russian-Jewish family of mice -- decide to immigrate to the United States.
An army destroy their village.
The family s young son  Fievel  gets separated from the others and washes overboard in a storm.
They arrive sadly  believing.
They ve lost their son.
Fievel  however  floats in a bottle and   embarks on a quest to find his family.
A pep talk.
He is waylaid.
Rat.
Who gains his trust and then sells him.
He escapes.
They join up  an Irish mouse trying to rouse her fellow mice to stand up to cats.
The immigrant mice learn.
When a gang called the Mott Street Maulers attacks a mouse marketplace.
The tales is not true.
Bridget takes Fievel and Tony to see Honest John  a drunk politician.
Who knows all the voting mice.
But   he ca nt help Fievel find them.
The Mousekewitzes have not yet registered to vote.
Meanwhile  his sister  Tanya  tells her gloomy parents.
She has a feeling that he is still alive.
They urged her.
The feeling would soon go away.
Led  the mice hold a rally to decide.
What to do.
Warren T.
Rat is extorting them all.
He never provides.
No one has any idea.
What to do.
Fievel whispers a plan.
The mice take over an abandoned building and begin constructing their plan.
Fievel gets lost and stumbles upon Warren T.
S lair.
He discovers and is also the leader.
He is actually a cat.
They capture Fievel.
A goofy  soft-hearted orange cat named.
Tiger takes a liking and sets him free.
Fievel races back.
When Gussie orders the mice to release the secret weapon.
A huge mechanical mouse  inspired  chases the cats down the pier and into the water.
A tramp steamer bound picks them up and carries them away.
Fievel is once again separated from those.
He loves and falls.
When a group tell him that he should have given up a long time ago.
Papa Mouskewitz overhears Bridget and Tony calling out  but is sure.
There may be another Fievel somewhere  until he sees Mama picking up his son s hat.
They team up to find him and  in the end  Papa s violin playing leads Fievel back into the arms of his family.
The journey ends taking everyone to see his newly completed project -- the Statue of Liberty.
The Mouskewitzes  new life begins.
<EOS>
Thakur Rakesh Singh is married.
Geeta falls ill  prompting him to return.
When Rakesh is abroad.
But he returns only to see Geeta dying  resulting.
He even builds a statue.
Some time later  a criminal named Sunaina   gets arrested along.
Who is the wife.
But  she claims.
She is the dead Geeta.
Rakesh goes to see her and finds.
Sunaina indeed looks.
He is unable to believe her.
Sunaina tells her all the things.
Geeta could have known.
She tells.
Real Sunaina was her twin sister running away.
It was Sunaina.
Who fell ill and died.
Everybody thought.
Geeta was dead.
She played along  to stop both Rakesh and Ranjit.
Nevertheless  Rakesh drags her  hoping to learn and confirm the truth.
Sunaina s claims seem to be genuine.
Rakesh asks her.
Sunaina is unable to find the diary.
Whose location was known only.
Fully convinced.
Sunaina is an impostor  Rakesh has her convicted.
That same night  somebody breaks.
Rakesh is ready.
He has assumed that Ranjit will come.
Police are already to arrest Ranjit.
Follows. 
Ranjit tells Rakesh.
The woman he sent is indeed Geeta.
Ranjit dies  thus uniting the spouses again.
<EOS>
Arlene Bradford is a spoiled  bored  wealthy socialite.
Who finances her extravagant lifestyle.
Her sister Val steps in to discover.
When she disappears.
What happened with the help of society reporter Tony Sterling and photojournalist Izzy Wright.
<EOS>
The film is about two groups.
Who are pitted.
Their encounters make up the first part.
Daisy is the correspondent.
A psychologist too  Daisy manages a mental asylum.
She believes.
No hard punishment will reform them.
Thanks  these students get united and even helps the school win athletic championship.
But a fateful incident snatches the life of a student.
It leaves an impact.
<EOS>
A reporter infiltrates the cheerleading squad.
Order to write an expose.
She uncovers unscrupulous dealings  the coach and dean are.
Doing so.
The statistics professor  who is also the bookie  arranges.
Later the statistics professor turns.
They turn.
But  the quarterback refuses and is arrested by University Police.
When confronted.
Who plant a joint.
They carry out the deans ultimatum.
The movie endorses defiance.
Questions love and virginity.
<EOS>
Emo Hosho  a third-rate lawyer  is tasked with defending Goro Yabe  a man arrested for the murder of his wife.
Yabe proclaims his innocence  saying.
He was.
Emi heads.
Where Yabe stayed and encounters the ghost.
Rokubei is brought.
However  the prosecution denies the existence  asserting.
Rokubei s testimony is inadmissible.
So begins the struggle to prove Yabe s innocence.
<EOS>
A man marries another woman.
Whose fiancee and her family have died  reluctantly.
He is tempted to join her.
When the ghost visits him.
<EOS>
Set  the film opens with Honore Lachaille among high society in the Bois de Boulogne.
A charming old roue  he cynically remarks  but not all.
Most people in Paris get married.
There are some  and some.
Who will not marry.
Who do not marry.
But  those are usually men.
Who will not marry.
Those are usually women.
Who do not marry.
So marriage is not the only option Gaston.
Who is bored.
The one thing Gaston truly enjoys is spending time the precocious  carefree Gilberte  aka Gigi.
Whom he calls Mamita  and especially her granddaughter.
Madame Alvarez sends Gigi to her sister  Great Aunt Alicia to be groomed as a courtesan and learn etiquette and charm.
Love is an art  and a necessary accomplishment for Gigi s social and economic future.
The young girl initially is a very poor student.
Who fails to understand the reasons.
She enjoys spending time.
Whom she regards.
He decides to take a vacation.
Gaston publicly embarrasses his cheating mistress and tries to rebuild his reputation.
Gigi proposes.
She beats him.
He accepts.
She happily wins.
Gigi and Gaston spend many hours together.
The two learn.
Honore and Mamita once were romantically involved.
Alicia insists.
Gigi s education must increase dramatically if she is to catch a prize.
Gigi is miserable  but endures them as a necessary evil.
She still seems awkward and bumbling.
He tells her.
When Gaston sees Gigi.
She looks ridiculous and storms.
Mamita refuses  telling him a young girl seen might be labeled in such a way.
Could damage her future.
Enraged yet again  Gaston storms out and wanders the streets in a fury.
Realizing  Gaston returns and proposes he take Gigi as his mistress  promising to provide the girl with luxury and kindness.
He has fallen with Gigi  who no longer is the child he thought her to be.
The young girl declines.
She moves.
Gaston is horrified.
He wishes to give her.
Leaves stunned.
Gigi later decides.
She would rather be miserable than without him.
Prepared to accept her fate  Gigi emerges from her room looking like a woman.
Gaston is enchanted and takes her at Maxim s.
Where she seems perfectly.
The stares make Gaston extremely uncomfortable makes the idea of her as his mistress an unbearable one.
He realizes Gigi s interpretation may have been accurate after all  and discovers his love for her.
He leaves the party and takes her home without explanation.
He returns to Mamita s home and humbly asks for Gigi s hand in marriage.
The final sequence reverts  proudly pointing out Gaston and Gigi riding in their carriage in the Bois de Boulogne.
Is filled.
The couple are elegant  beautiful  and happily married.
Honore has been a framing device.
Can be seen over cynicism.
<EOS>
Keiko Obayashi is a third year chemistry student.
She takes a train out of Tokyo.
She wakes up.
Where she soon finds a job working.
Meanwhile  five middle-aged men are worried  and plan to disrupt it.
Who run local shops.
However  they all fall with Keiko as soon.
They see her.
Nabe-san discovers.
She plays lacrosse.
The men decide to take up lacrosse to get a date with her.
The film follows them.
Finally play a match.
Who are attracted.
The men are heavily defeated  but Geronimo becomes a hero.
When he scores the team s only point.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A film dispute.
Charles Mortimer buys cattle and builds a fence to keep them in.
His neighbour  Slater  is angered.
He wants access.
He builds a dam cutting off Mortimer s water supply.
Morley confronts Slater.
Slater captures and imprisons him.
The dam is subsequently destroyed.
The shack holding Mortimer is.
<EOS>
Kusum is a spunky and carefree schoolgirl.
Who lives.
Guddi has a crush.
Who plays himself.
Nobody knows the extent.
She visits Bombay  where her sister-in-law s brother  Navin  develops a crush.
Guddi discloses to Navin.
She is.
Navin discusses the matter with his uncle.
Who just happens to know Dharmendra.
They try to show Guddi the difference between the real world and the reel world.
Guddi changes and accepts.
Nothing is true.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Sick Girl is the story.
Who wants to protect her younger brother  have sex and torture everyone else out in the barn.
Izzy is raising her younger brother  Kevin.
Their parents are deceased.
Her older brother  Rusty  is away.
She does.
When Izzy learns that her little brother is being bullied.
What any unstable  psychopathic  homicidal sister would do.
Sick Girl The movie starts out.
Are two popular girls.
Who make several snide remarks.
One is following the bus route in his car with his friend.
The girls drop a pair out the window.
He ll be rewarded.
Her boyfriend finds them.
She s kicked off and begins to walk back.
Izzy attacks one.
She runs  and lures the friend out of the car.
She kills him.
The other boy quickly discovers the scene.
Izzy chases him and tackles him.
The scene ends.
Now we see Izzy cleaning herself up.
She is covered and is completely unfazed by this.
Clips are shown.
She chases the two popular girls.
She quickly catches one of the girls.
The other watches kills her friend.
Izzy returns home.
We see a flashback sequence.
To fight.
The two share a moment.
It is cut short.
The flashback sequence ends.
Izzy finds their family friend  Barnie  teaching Kevin.
To throw a punch.
Izzy soon learns the motives  Barn saw.
Some school bullies hassling Kevin.
Izzy decides.
She ll try to help defend her brother.
Kevin brushes her off  saying.
He can handle it himself.
He then asks.
Rusty has nt called  pointing out that another kid s father is stationed where Rusty is.
He calls all the time.
Izzy gets really mad and screams  saying.
Rusty is the greatest Marine to ever live.
Kevin is shocked  but quickly recovers.
We see Rusty informing Izzy  leaving her to watch Kevin.
He s joining the Marines.
Izzy kisses him.
Rusty walks away  shocked.
Back  she opens the trunk of the car.
She stole.
Are the boyfriend and the other school girl.
Both are bound and gagged.
The boy looks unconscious or dead.
The girl begs.
Izzy only taunts her  showing no remorse.
Kevin and Barn talk.
Kevin reveals.
His teacher s rat  Edward  has gone missing.
The teacher asks his students to please return the rat  no questions asked.
Tommy -- the bully -- and his two minions corner Kevin.
They have been starving Edward.
Plan. 
Whether their motives are real or not.
The three bullies run off.
Izzy promises to take Edward back.
Kevin thanks her  and hurries off.
Izzy does not return the rat  but goes.
There  she threatens him  saying.
He better take better care than he did the rat.
Izzy drives up along side him and begins to question him.
One is walking home.
It is revealed.
Tommy is.
Izzy kidnaps Rudi.
The other friend  Corey  is kidnapped from his house.
The three are taken.
She torments Tommy  saying.
He ll only beat up those who are weaker than he is.
Is only okay if you also take.
That being said  Tommy drowns Rudi after Izzy s encouragement.
Tommy is then told to kill Corey.
Rudi dies.
Corey protests.
Tommy stabs him.
Izzy is holding her three hostages -- the school girl and her boyfriend  and Tommy.
Izzy puts a sack over Tommy s head  knocks him out with a shovel  and lets Edward feast on him.
Later  she leaves Edward.
Izzy breaks several with a hammer  and using Christmas lights  ties him up in a gruesome fashion.
Kevin has a passion.
Kevin  Barnie  and Izzy open their Christmas presents.
Kevin opens a package and finds the gun.
She had stolen.
Barnie thinks.
It s fake.
Izzy tells him.
It s real.
Barnie questions her motives  angry.
She d give a young kid such a gift.
Izzy discovers.
The police think that the boyfriend  Michael  along  were involved in the ` school bus massacre   and the disappearance of the school bullies.
The police disclose information.
Includes a description.
Izzy burns it.
Gives her a lift.
She walks back.
Izzy remains wary.
He does nt try to harm her.
The subject comes up.
Izzy tells him  but wants another one.
She s already married -- -- and has one child.
When her husband returns.
Back  Izzy is tormented by a flashback of Rusty.
Before he left kissing his girlfriend goodbye.
The flashback enrages her.
She quickly goes and suffocates her.
The following morning  Izzy goes.
She cuts off the penis  and puts together a makeshift strap-on with a large spike attached to a piece of wood.
Meanwhile  Barnie and Kevin return home.
Barnie enters the barn  and is shocked to find Izzy s sick experiments.
Izzy begins with the.
She impales him.
Kevin is revealed standing behind him.
Barnie falls.
He too sees the torture.
He runs.
Izzy follows him.
She tries to calm him.
He takes the gun and shoots himself.
She becomes hysterical  and burns down the barn.
Two Marines go to her house.
It s obvious.
There is no sound.
They are there to tell her that Rusty died.
She lashes out.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Sam is the captain and only occupant.
M.
S.
Friz Freleng.
He s heading to get it for himself.
He reaches the island  immediately finding the dig site and uncovers both a treasure chest and Bugs Bunny.
The rabbit shoves the chest and Sam and sets the ship in motion.
Sam can deal.
Bugs avoids walking the plank and tricks Sam.
He s a charming mermaid  which gets him.
Bugs Bunny opens his treasure chest.
Is revealed to be full.
<EOS>
The 15 chapter story involves the heroine being protected.
There s also a cloak  some hypnotism and a giant octopus added to the mix.
<EOS>
Little Red Riding Hood is depicted.
Bugs pops out.
She sings the first verse.
Where she s going.
She replies.
She s going to bring a little bunny rabbit.
Ta HAVE  see.
The wolf switches a Shortcut.
That Red has to go  while the wolf uses the real shortcut - a few short steps to the house.
Seeing a note  the wolf sneaks inside and dresses like grandma - only to find.
Grandma is nt home.
A bunch are similarly dressed and waiting in the bed for Red.
Once  the wolf waits for Red to come to the door.
But the wolf is nt interested in eating Red  but rather the rabbit.
She brought.
The wolf quickly shuffles Red and tries looking for Bugs.
Bugs  however  gets the better and runs around the house  being ` chased  by the wolf.
Bugs subjects the wolf to the famous lots-of-doors in-and-out routine.
The wolf  however  is constantly interrupted.
Who continues asking the questions  such as That s an awfully big nose for you - ta HAVE.
Towards the end  the wolf finally corners.
Bugs but Bugs imitates the wolf s every action even when the wolf keeps telling Bugs to stop.
Put.
On Your Old Gray Bonnet  Bugs manages to get a glowing coal and sends the wolf to the ceiling by scorching his backside.
Bugs has a large shovelful.
When the wolf comes down.
However  the wolf manages to catch his feet in time  doing the splits  facing the camera.
Bugs proceeds to dump heavy weights into the wolf s arms.
Bugs is about to apply the coup de grace on the wolf - by placing an olive branch on top of the mass of junk and furniture -.
The wolf is holding.
When Red comes back.
He descends  and now RED is the one desperately trying to avoid getting scorched   arms  share a carrot and self-satisfied looks  and await the inevitable.
The ladder   there s a shuffling of the furniture.
Bugs and the wolf.
<EOS>
Yeh Mera India focuses  with a special focus on the biases.
Permeate the corner.
The bias factor dominates the entire depiction  merging different characters into one story.
Whether it is communal bias  social bias  economic bias  religious bias or educational bias.
The different biases are as following  Religious bias - A devout Muslim listens.
Are incorporated.
Aims to instigate his followers to take revenge.
This leads his followers to collaborate to create havoc.
Plans fail.
However   the follower decides to abort it  seeing a Hindu boy walk.
When the plan is about to succeed.
This child had previously helped a lost Muslim girl find her mother.
Communal bias - Rajpal Yadav is a Bihari.
Who has just arrived  looking for work.
Yadav encounters incredible bias against his community  with Marathis blaming his creed for taking away jobs and others ridiculing his sub-par technical skills.
A Brahmin politician opposes his son s courtship of a Dalit girl  however  he decides to exploit the relationship for political gain.
Social bias - Sarika is the administrator  running it with zeal and fervor.
Seema Biswas is a poor woman.
Who is trying to gather funds  as he has been framed in a fraudulent case.
Biswas works  cooking meals and cleaning the house.
Sarika continues to doubt her.
When things go missing  checking her purse and doubting her character.
It is Biswas.
Who comes at a crucial moment.
Gender bias - Sarika s husband is a successful builder and owner.
Intoxicated  he finds himself unable to resist deflowering women  using every moment to lure women  by showering expensive gifts on them.
However  a moment arrives  unable to face the reality.
Where he finds himself.
Understanding its repercussions.
Economic bias - Perizaad Zorabian is a successful creative head.
However  work and life has tensed her.
She is unable to bear the hectic pressure and asks her husband to find work in either the United States or United Kingdom.
Perizaad looks to insult people and finds her financial power too strong to succumb to emotion.
Biases weave the entire story into finding resolutions based on the biases of individuals and the reality of the lifestyle of Mumbai.
The message clearly floated is.
We have to learn to live together or perish like Fools  as said by M.
Luther King.
This movie plot has certain similarities.
<EOS>
Swarnachamaram is the story and the happenings in their life.
The film had a tragic climax.
Where Mercy killing takes place.
<EOS>
The film is an action drama.
The Hero played appears like Robinhood character  always there to help the poor.
Bhagya Debata was later dubbed as Krantikari.
Was released in the.
<EOS>
Pink runs an intergalactic gas filling station.
He gives a robot  a free lollipop.
Who gives him a credit card.
An intergalactic space man.
The Little Man flies.
The panther closes the station  making the space man so mad.
He sends another robot to take off the bolts and screws to open the station.
It does nt work.
The space man throws his helmet off.
Then he sends another robot to catch a key.
The panther has.
The space man is flying a.
Pink takes.
The jetpack  hiding in a cloud  sending the space man plummeting into a flower  is spat out.
Pink is chased.
He goes.
He teleports  with the space man doing the same thing.
The panther throws a flower  making the space man half space man  half flower.
He is chased.
Pink Panther goes once more.
A bee flies.
<EOS>
Rajesh Khanna is.
But Rajesh Khanna chooses to become revolutionary freedom fighter and abandons Mumtaz due.
He might die.
The vicissitude  however  gets Mumtaz married to Shashi Kapoor  a police inspector  also a friend of Rajesh Khanna.
Rajesh Khanna takes refuge and encounters his past.
He meets Mumtaz again.
Songs like Phool Aahista Pheko and Prem Kahani Mein are sung.
However  Shashi Kapoor gets to know.
He is encountered.
Whether his trust has been broken while he was away on duty.
Rajesh Khanna takes the lead and gets himself killed to convince him and not him.
Mumtaz indeed loved Shashi Kapoor.
<EOS>
The film revolves mainly.
Which Cynthia Kellogg is interrogated.
The deposition is supported by detailed flashbacks throughout the film.
The interrogation arouses particular suspicion.
Whether Cynthia s own husband could have informed the police.
<EOS>
Attorney Mitch Martin comes back and is shocked to find out.
Heidi  his girlfriend  takes part.
She claims  nevertheless  Mitch does not want to continue the relationship.
It is purely sexual.
Mitch encounters his high school crush  Nicole.
He is drunk and does not make a good impression  accidentally spilling hot coffee and then trying to clean it up off of her dress.
Mitch goes.
He finds a house located in New York State.
Mitch s other friend Bernard   throws a party and hires Snoop Dogg to play.
Who owns a chain.
Mitch can get his mind.
The party  dubbed Mitch-A-Palooza  is a huge success and puts Mitch and his friends  causing the former college friends to revert back to their frat-boy days.
Travers  Peter.
Old School.
Rolling Stone 6/26/2003  92-92 Frank   has his wife.
Who had a reputation  hard partying Frank the Tank back in college.
He s matured and left that part behind.
However  he gets drunk and goes streaking through the neighborhood and is found by his new wife and her friends  putting a strain on their marriage.
The next morning  Mitch wakes up.
At first he is a bit concerned but she assures him.
It was simply casual sex.
The trio meet Dean Pritchard.
The Dean is a childhood acquaintance.
His actions are rooted in vindictiveness.
He was the butt.
Pritchard happily informs them.
The house is specifically designated.
Therefore  Mitch  Frank  and Bernard must either move out or meet the Dean s criteria.
Order to keep Mitch s house.
It is Bernard s idea to start a fraternity.
Is open.
He is essentially obliged to agree.
Mitch is initially reluctant to accept the notion.
Mitch gets dubbed the Godfather.
He still tries to keep his work life and fraternity life apart.
Regardless  he is approached even at work.
Who want to become members.
The fraternity is an outlet.
Is associated.
Mitch   is visited and awkwardly discovers.
She is his boss  daughter  who happens to be graduating.
This stuns Mitch.
Who awkwardly shakes her hand.
To make matters more humiliating  word has already leaked out.
He denies ever happened to protect his reputation.
All does not go well  one dies during his birthday celebration after seeing two topless ladies.
Frank s wife wants a divorce.
Forces a heartbroken Frank to live in the fraternity.
Mitch invites Nicole and her daughter.
However  she shows up.
Mitch later accidentally catches Mark making out in the bathroom but does not tell Nicole.
To cover himself  Mark lies to Nicole.
He caught Mitch doing the deed.
This  along regarding the fraternity  strains his relationship with Nicole  especially after asking her out for coffee and having the chef refuse his money and puts his meal on the house.
Order to show his support.
Nicole becomes even more suspicious.
To make things even more worse walk by and say hello to him  making  leaving Nicole to walk away disgusted.
Nicole think that Mark was right and that Mitch is a pervert after they reveal they have to go.
The main obstacle is still Dean Pritchard.
The fraternity house is boarded up.
When he claims the group violated an assortment.
He also claims.
The students who participated are subject to expulsion.
Nonetheless  Mitch finds out.
The group has the right to bypass this legality.
The men are able to complete all successfully.
The group s averages were brought down.
The deceased member was still on their roster.
Consequently  Dean Pritchard tells them the university s decision stands.
The Student Council President  Megan Huang  was earlier bribed to revoke the fraternity s charter.
Frank chases the Dean.
Is able to obtain a tape.
It reveals the Dean bribing her to Columbia Law School.
She is head that approved of the fraternity s campus status.
Accordingly  the Dean s credibility is destroyed.
The front claims.
The Dean was fired.
The fraternity s charter is reinstated.
The fraternity moves out.
Nicole visits Mitch to mend their relationship.
She discovered Mark cheating.
It is implied.
They get together.
Frank maintains his ties and persists with his leadership in the organization.
Mark accidentally drives his car off of a bridge and  by coincidence  onto ex-Dean Pritchard.
Who was fishing below  prompting the car to explode and killing them both.
Blue is.
The smoke rises into the air.
Next  Frank is shown.
6 playing a song and dedicating it by thanking him for saving his life.
Frank is approached by Heidi  inviting him to join her and some other friends the next night.
Frank becomes euphoric and punches several boxes before kicking a random stranger s cart.
Bernard now coaches his son s soccer team.
<EOS>
Sheriff Jack Shepherd is tasked.
Who shows up.
The boy appears to be supernatural  and manifests unusual powers such as the ability to read minds or show other people his memories by touching them.
Meanwhile  an unseen stalker is killing and butchering people.
The audience is led to believe.
The weird bloody boy is some sort  similar to Jason Voorhees or Michael Myers.
It is revealed.
The dead are rising up and seeking revenge on the people who killed them.
These dead manifest.
Seek out and kill their original killers.
All the victims merge.
A killer has more than one victim.
The blood-covered boy is one such being  made up from the community.
Who were killed.
He is going.
The killer stalker turns out to be a local older woman.
Who has been murdering people.
Her family was killed.
When the local dam broke.
She has been killing everyone involved with the dam  as well as their families.
The bloody boy eventually tracks her down and kills her.
As she is about to kill Jack.
The movie ends.
The bloody boy is walking.
When he is suddenly attacked and killed.
The identity is never explicitly revealed.
It is implied to be the old woman from earlier.
<EOS>
San Francisco-based crime novelist Dashiell Hammett  trying to put his Pinkerton detective days while establishing himself as a writer  finds himself drawn back into his old life one last time by the irresistible call of friendship.
To honor a debt.
<EOS>
The film is set in the.
Elisabeth is recounting her past  conveyed through a series of flashbacks  her first marriage to Antoine  the brutish Seigneur of Kamouraska  and her ensuing love affair with a loyalist American doctor George Nelson.
Leads to save her honour.
<EOS>
Famed novelist Paul Sheldon is the author.
But Paul wants to branch out and has just finished the manuscript.
He departs to head to Los Angeles but is caught in a blizzard.
His car goes off the road.
He is rescued.
Both are broken.
He has a dislocated shoulder  so he is bedridden and incapacitated.
Annie claims.
She is his number one fan and talks a lot.
She s happy.
When Paul lets her read his new novel  but later admits she disliked the excessive swearing.
She is angered and spills soup but regains control and apologizes.
Feeding him.
She buys a copy.
He has killed.
She reveals.
Nobody knows where he is.
Annie leaves and Paul tries to escape.
She has locked the door.
The next morning  Annie makes.
Paul burn his latest manuscript.
She insists he write a new novel entitled Misery s Return.
When he is well enough to get out.
Which he brings the character back.
Paul reluctantly does  believing Annie might kill him otherwise.
However  having found a means  he sneaks out.
Whenever Annie is away and begins to stockpile his painkillers.
He tries to kill Annie  but is foiled.
When she accidentally spills her drugged wine.
Paul finds a scrapbook of newspaper clippings about his disappearance and Annie s past.
He discovers.
She was suspected and tried.
Later  Annie drugs Paul and straps him.
She tells him.
When he wakes.
She knows he s been out and breaks his ankles with a sledgehammer in an act of hobbling.
Meanwhile  the local sheriff  Buster  is investigating Paul s disappearance and visits Annie  prompted.
She used during her trial years earlier.
Buster finds.
There. 
Paul has been drugged and hidden.
Annie fatally shoots Buster  and tells Paul.
They must die together.
He agrees  but says.
He wants to finish the novel and give Misery back.
Paul hides a can.
She gets his chair.
He reminds Annie.
When the book is done.
It is his practice to have a single cigarette and a glass.
He tells her that this time  he will need a second glass.
When Annie presents these things.
Paul douses the manuscript.
Annie goes to get a second glass.
He sets it.
Annie returns.
As she made him do.
Paul and Annie engage.
Ends. 
Eighteen months later  Paul meets his publishing agent Marcia.
The two discuss his first non-Misery novel  titled The Higher Education.
Philip Stone  acclaim prior.
Is earning critical.
However  Paul is indifferent.
He wrote that novel that  in a way  Annie inspired him to do.
Marcia asks.
He wants to write a non-fiction book.
Paul is.
He sees a waitress.
Whom he briefly imagines.
The waitress claims.
She is his number one fan  to which Paul uncomfortably responds That s very sweet.
<EOS>
Nina is a twenty-year-old girl.
Who lives.
She and her friend Trini go.
<EOS>
Sir Edward Pellew  Captain decides to put his protege  Horatio Hornblower  forward for the examination for lieutenant.
Leading up  Hornblower faces many challenges.
Spain has made peace and is no longer an ally of Britain - Spanish ships   begin to attack British ships.
Technically neutral.
Wreckage has already been found by HMS Indefatigable.
Indefatigable finds three survivors  is Captain Dreadnought Foster  a famously heroic officer.
Who influences the ambitious Hornblower.
Spain s actions have deprived the Gibraltar fleet.
To cut rations.
This leads seaman Bunting to commit theft.
His friend has died.
He fears going the same way.
He was caught  reprimanded by Pellew and punished by being made to run the gauntlet.
Soon a Mr Tapling arrives.
He and Hornblower head ashore  on the North African coast  to buy grain and cattle for the fleet.
Soon it is discovered and spends his three weeks at sea with the rations.
This is a plague town and so Hornblower is appointed captain.
Bunting had tried to escape and get to shore but had been caught again by Hornblower.
Now was his prisoner.
Hornblower  short but also keen to redeem Bunting  gives him a chance to prove his worth.
Later   they are attacked.
They are ashore.
Bunting tries to escape again.
Hornblower catches him.
Bunting forces Hornblower to shoot him.
They return to discover and has sent a boarding party to take cattle from the Caroline.
Captain Foster has arrived.
Is still.
Hornblower manages to stop the boarding party.
Before their boat reaches Dreadnought.
He requests.
Foster send both the meat and the boarding party back.
Foster refuses.
He appears angry.
They return.
Hornblower attempts his exam.
He appears to be failing.
A fire ship sails.
Hornblower and Foster go aboard and steer it clear.
Pellew remarks.
He is allowed to keep his rank.
Indefatigable sails off.
<EOS>
Taj Badalandabad  the personal assistant  has just graduated Coolidge College and is now on his way to England s Camford University.
Taj plans to follow - not only by obtaining a degree  but also to become a member of an exclusive campus Fraternal Guild  the Fox and Hounds.
Where Taj hopes he will become the next generation to be deservedly nicknamed the Sultan of Snatch.
However   he is told.
When Taj arrives.
He has actually not been accepted.
Devastated  Taj   instead takes the only housing opening available on campus and becomes the Head of House for a group of student misfits - Sadie  a gorgeous Cockney girl with a mouth like a gutter  Seamus  an English-hating Irishman  Gethin  the ultimate nerd  and Simon  a goofy-looking kid.
Who rarely talks.
Stuck  Taj considers.
What Van Wilder would do.
He decides to take on the challenge and turn the house around.
Taj announces to the uptight crowd.
He and his new mates are starting their own exclusive society - the Cock and Bulls.
The Cock and Bulls declare - an ongoing series of campus academic events and athletic competitions.
Are going to compete.
Also   Taj finds out.
He will be a history teacher and that his teaching supervisor will be Charlotte Higginson  an English beauty  who just happens to be dating Pip Everett.
Taj is instantly smitten.
Charlotte instantly is not smitten.
Taj and Charlotte clash.
Charlotte points out that his new mates are.
Taj takes Charlotte s challenge and starts turning the mates around - their grades as well as their.
Meanwhile  much are the Cock and Bulls catching up to the Fox and Hounds in the Hastings Cup.
Taj and Charlotte are spending a lot together.
Pip sets out to get rid by attempting to humiliate him at the Royal Literary Ball and then sabotaging Ballzac at the Camford Dog Show  but both cases backfire.
Pip ends up the one embarrassed.
Much are clearly falling in love and the Cock.
Bulls are moving.
Pip decides to set up Taj and the Cock and Bulls.
The plan works temporarily.
The mates are about to get expelled.
Taj steps up and takes the blame.
His friends are allowed to stay.
The school Provost agrees.
Taj has to leave Camford.
Heart-broken  Charlotte tells Taj.
She never wants to see him again.
The mates are now left to compete without their fearless leader.
But  she and Taj rush.
When Charlotte finds evidence that proves Taj s innocence.
A humiliated and furious Pip makes sure.
The fencing match degenerates.
Taj defeats Pip and the mates win the Hastings Cup.
Pip gets expelled.
Taj and Charlotte get to live happily ever.
<EOS>
Taylor Williams III -- a wealthy 17-year old -- is looking to meet his dream lavender girl.
Turns. 
Raspberry & Lavender means the color.
Bree Condon and Dylan Edrington play the lead characters.
The film also features model Jamisin Matthews of Taylor and Mandii.
<EOS>
Brittney Havers  a South Florida schoolgirl  lives.
Her mother ran her car off the road and was presumably eaten by alligators a year earlier.
His will calls to receive a small stipend.
When Dunlap is killed.
She finishes school  after which she will receive only $ 25000 a year.
The rest  totaling $ 70 million  are to be left to a corporate trust.
A blood heir can be found.
Brittney s brash  relatively poor classmate Maya suddenly claims to be Dunlap s illegitimate daughter.
She is ordered to submit to a DNA test.
The result of which proves she is Dunlap s child.
Brittney hears a noise on her way to the wine cellar.
It turns out to just be rats.
Suddenly Maya appears.
The girls reveal.
They are lovers.
The trio are  running a scam to secure and share Dunlap s fortune.
Insurance investigator Terence Bridge  investigating the circumstances  finds out from Dunlap s medical records.
Dunlap had scarlet fever  and asks Dr Haynes how Dunlap could have fathered a child.
Dr Haynes gets nervous.
He agrees to meet her and Brittney that night.
Where Maya shoots him.
The two girls dispose.
He shows up and demands half the money in return for not going to the police.
Bridge learns the entire affair was planned.
Brittney  refusing to give up any  gets a gun and points it at Bridge  but instead kills Maya.
She tells Bridge.
He has to earn his half.
He loads Maya s body.
He and Brittney drive off to dispose.
Brittney gets out and walks.
When they stop.
As a police car pulls up.
Bridge can do nothing but drive away.
When the traffic light turns green.
The police car honks to get moving.
Brittney phones.
Bridge s car trunk has a girl s dead body.
He is soon arrested and jailed.
A videotape shows Bridge demanding half of the inheritance money from Brittney and Maya.
Later  Brittney flies off.
Who had faked his own death to escape prosecution.
Brittney and Dunlap don parachutes  planning to bail out and disappear together.
Brittney reveals.
Dunlap is poised to bail out.
She packed his chute and pushes him from the plane to his death.
She then bails out  landing safely.
Where her mother  also very much alive  is waiting in a swamp boat.
It is revealed.
Brittney and her mother orchestrated everything   in order to steal Dunlap s fortune.
They relax.
Brittney comes down the stairs and hands one to her mother.
Her mother takes a sip and remarks.
Brittney watches intently.
The drink is strong.
Brittney replies  do nt they.
They do make them strong here.
<EOS>
S.
Kumar  a thief  comes.
Kumar takes him  dons a Sikh s turban  poses as the Raja s son and goes to the private island of Sir John.
When the Raja is shot.
Also attending.
Are K.
P.
W.
Iyengar aka Romeo  Dr Dubari  Colonel Columbus  and Countess Sylvia Rasmussen.
A stunned Kumar finds out.
All are master criminals and thieves.
Kumar s guise does not fool anyone   nevertheless Sir John permits him to stay on.
He feels that Kumar s career   is consistent with those already present.
The reason is to find a successor to take his place.
John has invited them.
He is dying.
He feels.
One can be trusted to take his place and for this he has arranged for them to steal a ruby worth 135 crores of rupees.
This gem is placed and guarded by armed men 24 hours a day.
Is alarmed.
The ruby itself is located and surrounded by a minefield.
He challenges one to steal the shalimar.
Then they are killed.
Anyone fails.
Pitted  it looks.
Kumar has got himself that he may not come out of alive.
<EOS>
The plot tells the story.
V.
France  Helen Haye  and Jill Esmond  and the nouveau riche Hornblowers  played.
Two underlying themes are class warfare and the urbanization of the countryside.
The Hillcrists are upset.
Whom they consider to be ostentatious and crass.
The Hillcrists make every effort.
They can to preserve the last large piece that adjoins their beautiful rural estate.
The Hillcrists learn a dark secret about Mr Hornblower s beautiful daughter-in-law Chloe.
It turns out.
She had previously earned a living.
Mr Hornblower agrees to sell the rural land for less than half the auction price  on the condition.
When Mr Hornblower learns  and that the Hillcrists have discovered it and are prepared to use it against his family.
The family swears to keep the information secret.
However  the news starts to leak out  precipitating a crisis.
Chloe Hornblower goes  begging them to help keep the secret from her husband.
Who is aware that something is going on.
She hides.
When her husband unexpectedly storms  demanding to know the secret.
Keeping his promise  Mr Hillcrist makes up a story.
The young Mr Hornblower is not convinced  and declares.
He intends to end his marriage  even though Chloe is pregnant.
Chloe runs to the lily pond outside the Hillcrist home and drowns herself.
The elder Hornblower concedes.
When her body is discovered.
Hillcrist has destroyed him and his family completely.
Hillcrist attempts to apologize.
<EOS>
A robber calmly holds up a.
The policemen Johansson and Jarnebring are the first.
They chase the robber.
Who escapes.
Someone dies in a car accident.
A dead body is found.
It is clear.
These incidents has something to do.
They are beginning to reveal a bigger scandal.
When the policemen are investigating further.
Meanwhile it seems.
There is a cover up going on.
<EOS>
Cynical American Pete McKell joins a group  led by a wildlife researcher named Kate Ryan.
Carrying out his research.
The cruise winds to a close and Kate prepares to return the group to base.
Everett spots a flare.
Kate tells the group.
They must investigate to determine whether someone is.
A few miles up river they come.
When suddenly something crashes  creating a crack in the side.
Kate s only choice is to run it ashore.
The group disembarks and begins discussion.
What to do.
Everett suddenly disappears  pulled by an unseen predator.
Kate comes.
They are and that it will be more aggressive than usual.
The tourists realize  their small island will be submerged.
Darkness approaches.
The tide is rising.
Neil and Collin arrive soon near the island  the 23-foot crocodile smashes Neil and Collin s boat and sinks it.
Neil manages to swim safely.
Collin has disappeared.
Neil proposes.
Night falls.
He swim a rope between two trees  creating a zip-line to allow the group to cross above the river.
Neil succeeds.
Mary Ellen crosses first only to freeze.
Allen becomes impatient and aggressive and attempts to get himself.
His daughter Sherry across still on the line.
Neil is attacked and disappears.
Trying to secure the rope.
The tree holding the rope snaps and the three into the water.
They scurry back.
The gigantic crocodile suddenly lunges out  rips off his right arm  and throws him farther into the river.
Allen crawls up the beach.
Where he is devoured.
Later that night  Pete suggests.
They can delay the crocodile while everyone escapes off the other side.
Simon is skeptical.
Russell agrees to try.
Lacking bait  everyone suggests using Kate s dog  much.
They decide to use two dead birds.
Neil and Collin had shown earlier.
Kate hooks the dead birds.
Pete secures the anchor rope and throws the bait out into the river.
The anchor is suddenly grabbed and pulled.
The group makes a break.
Russell assists Sherry s mother  Elizabeth  due.
Pete tries to stop the boulder.
Kate swims across.
The crocodile suddenly lets go and drags her underwater.
Pete hurriedly makes the swim in tow  and heads off into the bush to meet up with the others.
Pete is crossing a stream.
When Kevin runs away.
Pete chases the dog and falls down a narrow chute into a larger cave.
Where he sees Neil s corpse.
He quickly realizes.
The cave is the crocodile s lair.
He finds Kate alive but badly injured and unconscious.
He attempts to carry her out but has to hide.
When he hears the crocodile returning.
Kevin is eaten.
Finishing its meal  the crocodile enters the cave and falls asleep.
Trying to reach the entrance carrying Kate  Pete accidentally wakes the crocodile.
It makes several attempts to devour both him and Kate.
He retreats.
Finally.
Which he gets tossed around and is bitten.
He braces a broken log.
The crocodile lunges.
Pete successfully impales it.
He escapes to join the other tourists and waiting paramedics.
The camera zooms in on a newspaper article detailing Pete s heroic battle with the crocodile and rescue of Kate.
<EOS>
She is given one last chance to help some poor soul.
When porn star Roxy Doujor is denied entrance.
She finds Rudy Gerner  working.
Roxy is given the task.
Order to be allowed.
<EOS>
Ravi  son is studying at Visakhapatnam.
He loves his classmate Saroja.
Saroja s mother is cheated.
He accidentally meets her while stealing a necklace.
Bhushaiah is sentimental and does not accept his love.
Ravi leaves the house and marries Saroja.
Ravi is posted.
His nephew is arrested.
He could not attend the marriage of his sister.
His mother dies.
Brings. 
Ravi has a son.
Who attracts Bhushaiah to visit him secretly and even gifts him a gold chain.
Chalapati attempts to rob the house and get caught by Ravi.
Bhushaiah leaves his casteism and invites his son  daughter-in-law and grandson to his house.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Who investigates supposed miracles.
A young boy steals the rosary.
Andrew is collecting evidence.
The boy later sells it.
Who sends it.
Frankie is attacked by an unseen force while bathing  and receives two deep wounds on her wrists.
The doctors can not find the cause and go all the way.
The wounds are treated.
That they are puncture wounds.
Frankie goes to work the next day.
Home on the subway approaches a priest and asks.
He is Andrew Kiernan.
He is Father Derning  the lights begin to flash.
The priest tells her.
Frankie holds.
She is whipped.
The priest sends security tapes showing the attack.
Frankie is hospitalized again.
Andrew is sent to investigate.
Andrew meets Frankie.
Andrew interviews her  believing her wounds may be stigmata.
Andrew tells her - thus far Frankie has been impaled and whipped.
When she tells him she is an atheist.
Stigmatics are universally spiritual people  and that stigmata is when the deeply devoted are struck that Jesus Christ received during the crucifixion.
Frankie walks away and begins.
What could be the cause.
The third stigmata wound caused.
While  Frankie s head begins to bleed.
Frankie runs.
Home  where Andrew is waiting  then runs.
Frankie smashes a glass bottle and uses the shards   she yells at him in another language.
Andrew pursues her.
When Andrew approaches her.
Andrew takes Frankie.
The Vatican translates.
What she was yelling.
Frankie goes home.
The next morning Andrew returns.
Frankie responds.
When questioned.
Frankie goes out and walks the streets.
When she collapses as wounds appear.
Andrew emails photographs to the Vatican  and tells Andrew.
Where Brother Delmonico recognizes the words and deletes the pictures.
The words are.
Father Dario retrieves the pictures and shows them.
Who also recognizes them.
Meanwhile  Delmonico phones Marion Petrocelli and tells him the missing gospel.
Has been found.
Andrew goes to Frankie s apartment to find the wall.
She wrote on painted over.
Frankie attempts to seduce him.
Wind blowing denounces Andrew s beliefs in a male voice  ending with Frankie levitating off the bed crying tears of blood.
When Andrew rejects her she attacks him.
Houseman and Dario arrive and take Frankie to another church  sending Andrew to Derning s.
Andrew meets.
Petrocelli  who tells him the words Frankie has been writing are part.
Petrocelli  Delmonico and Alameida were assigned to translate it.
Houseman ordered them to stop.
Alameida refused and stole the document to continue translating it alone  having been excommunicated.
Petrocelli tells Andrew and not confined.
The document was Jesus telling his disciples that the kingdom is all around them.
Could ruin the Catholic Church.
Petrocelli also tells Andrew.
Alameida suffered.
Andrew races.
Where Frankie is while Houseman and Dario attempt to perform an exorcism.
Frankie shouts in a male voice.
Houseman dismisses Dario and the present nuns.
Andrew arrives and stops him.
The fireplaces erupt and set the room on fire.
Now believing  Andrew offers to be Alameida s messenger instead.
Frankie is possessed.
He walks unharmed  bidding Alameida s spirit to depart in peace.
Some time later  Andrew returns and finds the original documents for the lost gospel under the floorboards of Alameida s church.
The film ends.
Alive. 
The Catholic Church refuses to recognize the document and considers it heresy.
<EOS>
This comedy film portrays George Formby.
Who works to turn a waitress.
<EOS>
Abandoned  a poor  gay teenager from the mountains is forced to support himself and his family by entering into the underground urban world of male strippers  prostitution  illegal drugs  sexual exploitation and slavery  as well police oppression  corruption and murder.
His only real friend is a successful selal bahagia.
<EOS>
The band is a three-piece vocal group dominated.
Scandal erupts.
When they are caught.
They are dropped.
They consider leaving the music industry.
Their manager gets them a sponsorship deal.
Ultimately they bounce back after an appearance at the HitAwards Norwegian music awards show.
<EOS>
A young South African orphan named.
Musa leaves his AIDS-ravaged village  taking along only a drum given to him by his father  for the gritty streets of Johannesburg in search of work and his uncle.
The trip proves to be enlightening.
Who is faced.
Meanwhile  a wealthy lawyer learns.
He has AIDS.
A truck driver s dangerous.
Sexual proclivities endanger his wife.
<EOS>
Carlo Cavelli is the professional name.
Who always wears a mask and whose real name is unknown.
He is about to appear.
Causes a sensation.
He comes to the attention of Irene von Ketterer  a young woman.
Who has gone to stay with a friend.
She is so impressed.
She decides that she too will become a dressage rider.
She manages to obtain personal tuition from the normally unapproachable Cavelli.
Their relationship is very friendly.
Cavelli attempts to distance himself.
When he discovers the name.
This is  Franz  Irene s brother  an action.
His life was totally changed.
The memory of which still tortures him.
Nevertheless   he acknowledges his great attraction to Irene.
Her feelings are reciprocated.
He also asks her to travel to London with him the very next day.
Irene enthusiastically accepts and goes.
S to gather her papers.
She comes with her brother.
She is there.
He tells her the story.
When she asks her father  General von Ketterer.
Which Count Werffen  who later called himself Cavelli  killed her brother.
He fetches his pistols.
When the general realises.
Order to kill him.
Only Irene s threat dissuades him.
Cavelli visits Irene s father that evening.
Who bring various documents from which it becomes clear that Irene s brother Franz had been unmasked as a spy and that Cavelli had only set up the duel to spare the von Ketterer family the shame of the otherwise inevitable court martial and execution.
General von Ketterer accepts the truth.
He and Cavelli are reconciled.
The incriminating documents are burnt.
The way stands open to Cavelli otherwise Count Werffen.
<EOS>
The movie is.
Who is living the life his father chose.
Skinheads broke his home window and yelled.
When Gattu was young.
We do nt want you.
His father  Gurtej Singh Kahlon grabbed a pot and beat one.
He was arrested.
Then released.
A few weeks later  Gattu s uncle was killed.
This changed Gattu s father and made him a kind.
He made a lot.
Stopped racism where he lived.
But his children were not allowed to do.
What they wanted and had to be very traditional Sikhs.
Gattu had been good and wanted to play for England.
His dad would never let him become a member.
Gattu s girlfriend Simran and siblings convince him to give it a shot.
Their father might be able to realize.
He gets.
The world is nt as racist as it used to be.
They are able to hide the fact.
Gattu is.
Their father eventually finds out.
Seeing his son.
He ends up.
R.
Gattu plays cricket anyway.
He is deeply hurt to be disgraced.
He also loves cricket  and hopes to change his father.
The people all come together  and try to convince Gurtej.
It is okay to be a cricket player.
He locks himself.
Where his wife tells him that she has never acted  and often forgot she was both.
She turns.
V.
Wanting to see her son fulfill his dream.
Gurtej watches  and realizes.
Badly he had treated his son.
The family comes back to drive him to the stadium.
Gattu is playing poorly.
He is so upset that his father disgraced him.
Only  does.
Gattu manage to win the championship.
His father compares his bowling.
His father apologizes.
Gattu s siblings are now able to pursue their dreams.
<EOS>
U.
S.
Army Specialist 5 Tulsa McLean is a tank crewman.
Serving  McLean dreams of running his own nightclub.
When he leaves the army.
Such dreams do nt come cheap.
Tulsa and his buddies have formed a band and perform.
He even discovers the record Blue Suede Shoes sung by someone named Elvis on a jukebox.
To raise money  Tulsa places a bet.
He can spend the night.
She turned down one other G.
I.
Operator  Turk.
Dynamite and Turk have vied before.
When the two were stationed.
Tulsa is brought in to take his place.
When Dynamite gets transferred.
He is not looking forward.
He must go through.
Order to keep his money.
McLean uses his Southern charm and calls Lili  Maam.
She at first sees Tulsa.
Then  Lili begins to fall for McLean.
Tulsa s friend Cookie falls  with Lili s roommate  Tina from Italy.
Rick and Marla s baby son Tiger helps Tulsa win the bet for the outfit -- and Lili s heart.
<EOS>
Anjaana Anjaani is the story  and Aakash.
Kiara is based.
Aakash is a New York City boy.
Aakash has to clear a huge loan.
He is unable.
Unable to find any means  suicide seems the only option.
He decides to jump off the George Washington Bridge.
This is.
When he meets Kiara  who is also bound to commit suicide because she caught her fiance Kunal cheating.
They both try to put an end  but are deterred by the coastguards.
Still keen  Aakash deliberately gets.
Hit falls on the bridge and breaks her neck.
This proves to be yet another failed attempt.
They end up together.
Kiara takes Aakash.
His house was taken.
Continuing their attempts  they both try to kill themselves five times  by all means possible  but all in vain.
They make a pact and decide to ultimately end their lives December.
They wanted to do something before they die.
To go.
They indulge.
Bring them closer.
Kiara becomes depressed again after revealing to Aakash.
Her fiance cheated.
She drinks a bottle at the night in the bathroom and is rushed to the hospital.
Aakash and Kiara venture out to Las Vegas on a holiday and end up together in bed.
Aakash never went.
Realization dawns.
They love each other.
Kiara realizes.
She still loves her ex-fiance  Kunal.
She moves back with her parents and gives Kunal a second chance.
Aakash moves in and decides to go back to India on the night of 31st December and start afresh.
Aakash attends the bank settlement and makes up  with.
Whom he was.
Kiara realizes.
She is truly.
Kunal realizes this and drops her.
Where both Kiara and Aakash had decided suicide.
Kiara reaches the bridge  but finds herself alone and believes.
She will never see Aakash again.
Just then  Aakash arrives.
Then they both go to suicide.
Then Aakash throws a beer bottle.
Kiara reads the paper and then Aakash proposes.
Then he puts.
They both marry 2 years later.
They have a baby boy and live happily ever.
<EOS>
New York City streetwalker Mae is placed by a policeman and told not to come back.
However  she gets off  taking the cab.
Who does nt think much.
She slips away.
Her friend and fellow prostitute  Lil  advises her to find honest work.
The next day  Mae goes to pay Jimmy.
They start arguing.
They are attracted.
He gets her a job.
Gert  another ex-whore  also works at the restaurant.
Who knows her.
Jimmy and Mae soon marry.
Mae does nt tell her new husband.
The happy couple are met at Mae s apartment by a policeman.
Who mistakes Jimmy.
Jimmy shows.
Him their marriage license to clear up the trouble  then leaves to think things over.
He returns the next day  ready to try to make the marriage work.
Jimmy has saved $.
He needs to become a partner.
However  Gert begs Mae to lend her $.
Mae gives it to her.
The next day  she learns.
Gert has lied.
Mae begins searching desperately.
When Jimmy tells her that the gas station owner needs money and is willing to settle.
Mae finally finds her and slaps her.
She promises to get her the money the next night.
However  Gert has given the money.
Who is also Lil s pimp.
Toots catches her and accidentally kills her.
When Gert tries to steal the $.
He hides the body  then watches.
Mae shows up.
The police arrest Mae.
She left her bag.
However  a distrusting Jimmy had been following Mae and knows.
A man was.
He learns.
It was Toots.
Lil gives Toots an alibi.
When he confronts him.
Jimmy goes to report.
What he knows.
Lil convinces Toots to go to lodge a complaint against Jimmy.
Lil reveals herself to be Mae s true friend  admitting and exonerating Mae.
Toots lied.
Jimmy goes to tell Flannagan.
He no longer wants to buy.
He sees Mae pumping gas.
They argue and reconcile.
<EOS>
Donsol is a movie.
Who falls with the beautiful but mysterious tourist Teresa.
The two individuals are nursing their own heartaches but find themselves hopelessly drawn  Daniel was left behind by his girlfriend for a rich man  Teresa a widowed breast cancer patient.
The film was shot entirely.
There are underwater shots.
It tackled major issues.
Poses threats.
Fidel is an illegal fisherman and was caught.
This created friction.
Who provided jobs as a Butanding Interaction Officer or BIO.
The film was the Philippines  official submission.
<EOS>
Brenda Joyce plays Jane and George Zucco portrays Palanth  a high priest attempting to force a young girl to marry a con man impersonating the god Balu.
<EOS>
United States Naval Aviator Lieutenant Pete Maverick Mitchell flies the F-14A Tomcat  with Radar Intercept Officer Lieutenant Nick Goose Bradshaw.
Intercept officer Merlin  intercept MiG-28s over the Indian Ocean.
One of the MiGs manages to get missile lock on Cougar.
Cougar is too shaken afterward  despite being low on fuel.
Maverick realizes that the MiG have fired.
He really meant to fight  and drives off the MiGs.
Maverick defies orders and shepherds Cougar back  despite also being low on fuel.
Cougar retires  stating.
They land.
He has been holding and has lost the edge  almost orphaning his newborn child who he has never seen.
Air Group Stinger sends him and Goose -- now his top crew -- to attend the Top Gun school.
Disapproving. 
Maverick flies recklessly during the Vietnam War.
The elder Mitchell died.
When his McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II was shot down.
The official story   is.
Maverick refuses to believe.
Duke made a mistake.
Goose is cautious and devoted.
The two officers are nonetheless close friends and effective partners.
The only family Maverick has.
The Top Gun program starts.
You ve Lost That Lovin  Feelin.
He learns the next day.
She is Charlotte Charlie Blackwood  an aeronautical engineer and civilian Top Gun instructor.
Maverick s reckless flying both annoys and impresses Lieutenant Commander Rick Jester Heatherly and other instructors.
He defeats Jester  but violates two rules of engagement in the process.
He continues to pursue Charlie and becomes a rival.
Who considers Maverick s methods dangerous and unsafe.
Charlie eventually admits.
Outwardly critical.
She admires his flying but was critical because she was afraid.
They begin a romantic relationship.
Maverick breaks off from his wingman Hollywood to go one-on-one with chief instructor Commander Mike Viper Metcalf  described as the fighter pilot  in the world.
Viper lasts long enough -- -- to maneuver around and shoot Maverick down  demonstrating the value of teamwork over individual ability.
Maverick matches the older pilot move.
Who has defeated Hollywood.
The latter attempting to gain a missile lock on the target.
Iceman breaks off.
Maverick s F-14 flies and suffers a flameout of both engines  entering a flat spin from  forcing him and Goose to eject.
He can not recover.
Goose ejects directly and breaks his neck  dying instantly.
He feels guilty  losing his aggressiveness.
The board clears Maverick of responsibility.
When flying.
Charlie and others attempt to console him.
Maverick considers leaving the Navy.
Unsure  he seeks Viper s advice.
Viper reveals.
He served in VF-51  and discloses classified details  explaining how Duke stayed in the fight after his F-4 was hit and saved three planes before he died.
Iceman  Hollywood  and Maverick are ordered to immediately report to Enterprise to deal with a crisis situation  providing air support for the rescue of a stricken communications ship  the SS Layton.
Has drifted.
Maverick and Merlin are assigned for those flown by Iceman and Hollywood  despite Iceman s reservations over Maverick s state of mind.
Hollywood is shot down but manages to eject  Maverick is sortied alone due to catapult failure and nearly retreats after encountering circumstances similar to those.
Caused Goose s death.
They shoot down four MiGs and force the others to flee  and return triumphantly to Enterprise.
Offered any assignment  Maverick decides to return.
He chooses.
Sitting alone  Maverick hears and recalls meeting Charlie.
You ve Lost That Lovin  Feelin  playing.
She enters the bar and the two reunite.
<EOS>
The penniless and hungry Tramp is mistaken for a pickpocket and chased by both the police and the real crook.
Running away  the Tramp stumbles and unknowingly becomes the hit of the show.
The ringmaster/proprietor gives him a tryout the next day.
The Tramp fails miserably.
However   he gets hired to take their place.
When the property men quit because they have not been paid.
Once again  he inadvertently creates comic mayhem.
The ringmaster craftily hires him.
The Tramp befriends Merna  a horse rider.
Who is treated badly.
She later informs the Tramp.
He is the star  forcing the ringmaster to pay him accordingly.
The Tramp also is able to secure better treatment for Merna.
She sees love and marriage.
Alas  she meets Rex  the newly hired tightrope walker.
The Tramp eavesdrops.
She rushes to tell the fortune teller that she has fallen with the new man.
The Tramp is unable to entertain the crowds.
The ringmaster warns him.
He has only one more chance.
The ringmaster sends the Tramp out.
When Rex can not be found.
Including several mischievous escaped monkeys  he manages to survive the experience.
However   he beats the man and is fired.
When he sees the ringmaster slapping Merna around afterward.
Merna runs away to join him.
The Tramp finds and brings Rex back to marry Merna.
The trio go back.
The ringmaster starts berating his stepdaughter  but stops.
When Rex informs him that she is his wife.
The Tramp remains behind.
When the traveling circus leaves.
He picks himself up and starts walking jauntily away.
<EOS>
A young servant girl is seduced and raped.
When employed.
She gets married.
All is well.
Her husband discovers her past.
This fact prompts her.
<EOS>
The story opens.
All sway to the rhythm of the music.
Wally Walrus is the doorman.
Who collects the tickets as they enter.
Admission is $.
Entitles each purchaser.
Woody Woodpecker is.
He sees.
It s dinnertime.
He realizes.
He s hungry.
His glance falls  so he proceeds to follow the crowd into the barn.
He hands a rubber dollar bill.
Who discovers it after Woody has entered the barn.
Woody s hungrily standing.
Wally ejects him.
As he s about to really feast.
Woody then dresses up and vamps Wally into letting him enter the barn dance.
Woody s main object is to get food  Wally s  to dance.
Who has really excited him.
Thus  we see a struggle for food  on the other  the enjoyment of dancing.
Woody finally gets and ultimately obtains more than his share of the food  storing the excess in his dress in spite of Wally s efforts to keep him dancing.
Wally finally discovers.
His exciting gal is really Woody.
Realizing  he violently kicks himself.
A fool he has made.
<EOS>
The plot is centered.
A solar eclipse caused a hole in the ozone layer.
The catastrophic event threatens to engulf the entire world.
Tasmania is hit by the cold front with temperatures of below -70 degrees Fahrenheit  causing people to die almost instantaneously  physicist Jack Tate tries to find a solution while protecting his family.
<EOS>
The film portrays the political career and personal life  Georgian-born Iosif Dzhugashvili.
Who later adopted the name Joseph Stalin demonstrating his rule and how he was able to bring the Soviet Union.
The process are portrayed well in the film demonstrating his cunning  paranoia  ruthlessness and cruelty and perceived enemies as well as his own friends.
He purged the USSR.
It begins and transcends through important events in the Russian Revolution by focusing on the behavior of Stalin and the after effects.
The story is as narrated.
Who defected to the United States.
<EOS>
The film was not autobiographical.
Pryor insisted.
Pryor plays Jo Jo Dancer  a popular stand-up comedian.
Who has severely burned himself.
The film came out.
Pryor had severely burned himself.
The incident was not an accident.
He later claimed.
His spiritual alter ego revisits his life.
Dancer lies hospitalized.
However  his success leads.
Takes its toll.
Jo Jo s spirit watches and attempts to convince his past self to end the cycle.
<EOS>
Kay Colby is a Park Avenue beauty  fiancee Bill Wadsworth and Scott Miller.
To clear his way  Scott buys.
The oil company Bill works and sends him to Japan.
Then he sends his own girl friend  Countess Campanella  to get her out of the way as well.
Kay is upset  and annoyed by Scott pressing his suit.
Scott has the assistance and approval  and the advice of his friend and business partner  Brinkerhoff.
<EOS>
Lucien Cordier is an ineffectual local constable.
He accepts condescension and his wife with good humor.
His antisocial personality allows him to tolerate such abuse.
However  he soon realizes.
He can use his position to gain vengeance.
He starts to kill everyone.
Who has regarded him.
<EOS>
The movie starts out.
They are arguing.
The Korean southern kingdoms have to pay tribute  even though Tang is only 50 years old.
The king with the Emperor of Tang.
The movie flashes forward.
Which Baekje soldiers rush with ill news of Silla and Tang allying together  bringing an army of 50000 soldiers.
The Baekje council discusses battle plans.
But  all of the officials run away out of cowardice.
The king calls for the great warrior  Kyebaek.
He accepts the offer to protect his country.
Kaebaek is forced to kill his family to them.
Soon  Gyebaek engages the Silla forces.
Where the opponents insult the others winning in the beginning of these battles.
<EOS>
Erin is a 31-year-old woman.
Who is having trouble pacing her life.
She is still.
She recently got a job at a newspaper in New York.
She meets Garrett.
Out. 
Who interrupts her game.
The two then drink together and end up.
Where they smoke.
Garrett s roommate Dan DJs their hook up.
The next morning  Erin is anxious to leave but Garrett asks her to have breakfast.
She agrees.
She then tells him.
She is only and is not looking for a relationship.
He agrees to keep things casual.
Erin and Garrett start having a fling  but they soon develop feelings.
Erin tries to convince her boss to find her a permanent position.
She writes a well-received article.
Her boss asks her to contact him.
Meanwhile Garrett   is given an assignment to manage a band.
Who works.
He does not like  and is starting to dislike his job.
They both continue.
They find it difficult to let go.
When the six weeks are up.
They say goodbye.
Garrett runs and tells her.
As Erin is about to leave.
He is crazy and wants to have a long-distance relationship with her.
She agrees.
Spend all their free time texting and calling one another trying to work out times.
When one can fly in.
Garrett surprises Erin.
They have a very emotional reunion.
They start to have passionate sex.
When they go.
Erin s brother-in-law  Phil  is having dinner.
Corrine eventually walks in.
There is an awkward moment.
The next day  Erin and Garrett are out to see The Boxer Rebellion.
They agree.
The band is good.
Garrett gets jealous.
When he sees that Erin is friends.
Garrett eventually has to leave and goes back.
Erin calls her summer internship boss and asks him about the possibility of a job.
Her boss tells her they are not hiring.
They have just laid off 100 employees.
Not finding comfort  she goes and gets drunk with Damon and almost kisses him  but ends up going home.
Later  her professor mentions.
He recommended her at The San Francisco Chronicle.
She goes.
Meanwhile  Garrett tries to have phone sex.
It does not go well.
A month later she gets a call.
Erin is packing to go.
Her know that she is hired.
She goes and tells Garrett.
The two have a fight.
The next day they make up.
He asks her to make the decision or not to accept the job.
A week later he calls her and tells her he wants her to move.
That they can live together and start fresh.
She agrees.
He goes to sort things out.
However   Garrett realizes.
He can not be the reason that Erin turns down the job and the two part ways and a long hug in the airport.
Six months later Erin is doing well  having written her first front page story.
Garrett has not been since Erin.
He quits his job and starts managing The Boxer Rebellion  the first band he.
Erin saw together.
He sends Erin tickets.
She goes  not knowing.
He is the manager.
She runs there.
He tells her he has moved.
They have another chance.
That is only a few hours away.
They go.
The film ends.
When Erin s niece  Maya  comes downstairs  while they all scream Maya.
<EOS>
Madhava  is a loyal friend  servant  and cowherd.
He also performs.
Which he portrays Lord Shiva.
Hema s father is a school teacher and a great poet.
However   he can not find a publisher to print his poems.
His classical poetry is no longer popular.
Neither realizes this due to societal divisions.
Though Hema and Madhava love each other.
Hema is the first to realize her love.
Where she portrays the role  but suppresses her feelings owing to societal divisions.
One day   Madhava sells his cows and gives the money to give to Hema s father as a loan.
Order to pay.
He gives Madhava his manuscripts.
When her father hears what he has done.
Madhava goes to have them printed.
He sees Hema being taken away.
When he returns.
He learns.
Hema has gone after her brother-in-law tried to rape her and killed Lalitha who tried to stop him.
Madhava pretends to be mentally retarded and enters the asylum.
Where he goes in order to save Hema.
He is falsely accused of attempted rape and is electrocuted.
He tries many times to help her regain her memory.
She wants to marry him.
When she finally does and realizes what he did.
She is safely rescued.
However  Madhava objects.
He is when Hema s fiancee Sripathi convinces him to change his mind.
Hema and Madhava finally unite.
<EOS>
Josh is a high school guy.
Who lives and is involved in little crimes with his friends  including young lesbian Bella.
Suddenly his elder brother Walter comes out after leaving home 10 years ago and not being heard of all those years.
When he was.
Walter starts to involve Josh  including robbery.
<EOS>
The film centers.
Clay Spencer is fiercely independent  yet dedicated to his family.
He struggles to remain faithful  to allow his son to attend college  and to build a new home for his family.
He resists the influence.
<EOS>
A young woman   is facing eternal life.
Whose mother died giving birth.
She must make the choice  her guardian angel   or the evil ones.
Who to listen.
Whom she met when she was a child.
<EOS>
Fritz Brown is a disgraced former LAPD officer now working.
Fritz is hired.
Fritz learns.
Jane is indeed living  and that their relationship is odd at best.
Fritz follows Solly and witnesses a transaction  the Internal Affairs Chief.
Who disgraced Fritz and had him expelled.
Fritz soon finds himself thrown.
<EOS>
The film begins.
He is greeted.
Who reveals that Christine  the woman Andre loves  has not come to greet him.
Andre is heartbroken.
He explains his sorrow and denounces the woman.
When a radio reporter comes to broadcast his first words.
Who has spurned him.
Christine  an Austrian  is listening.
She is attended.
Christine has been married.
Lisette has been married for two years.
She is more devoted.
Christine s past relationship is openly known by her husband  her maid  and their friend Octave.
Robert excuses himself to make a phone call.
Christine and Robert playfully discuss Andre s emotional display and pledge devotion.
He arranges to meet Genevieve  his mistress  the next morning.
Robert announces  but invites her to join them for a weekend retreat to Robert and Christine s country estate  La Coliniere  in Sologne.
He must end their relationship.
Later  Octave induces Robert to invite Andre as well.
They joke.
Andre and Genevieve will pair off and solve everyone s problems.
Schumacher is policing the grounds  trying to get rid of rabbits.
Marceau  a poacher  sneaks to retrieve a rabbit caught in one of his snares.
Schumacher catches him and begins to march him.
He can get away.
When Robert demands to know what is going on.
Marceau explains.
He can catch rabbits.
Robert offers him a job.
Once  Marceau flirts with Schumacher s wife  Lisette.
Various romantic liaisons are made.
Octave declares.
They impulsively decide to run away together.
Schumacher and Marceau   observe the greenhouse scene and mistake Christine.
Who have both been expelled after a fight over Lisette.
Christine is wearing Lisette s cape and hood.
Octave momentarily returns and   Lisette talks him out of running off with Christine.
There. 
Consequently  he sends Andre to meet Christine.
Schumacher mistakes him.
When Andre reaches the greenhouse.
Who he believes.
He shoots and kills Andre.
Robert subsequently explains as an accident.
<EOS>
One year  New York lawyer James Brick Davis has no clients.
His friend Eddie Buchanan tries to recruit him.
Davis is not interested.
However   Davis changes his mind  determined to bring the killer.
When Buchanan is killed.
He bids farewell.
Who financed his education to keep Davis.
He bids farwell.
Who has feelings.
Davis travels.
C.
To begin his training.
A mutual dislike forms immediately.
However  Davis is attracted.
Meanwhile  MacKay retires and buys a resort lodge out.
His men  free  embark on a crime spree.
Hamstrung  the head of the G-Men pleads for new laws to empower his beleaguered men.
They are enacted.
Davis identifies one by his superstition of always wearing a gardenia.
Not having completed his training  he can only give agent Hugh Farrell tips.
Farrell tracks down and arrests his quarry  but he and some are gunned down.
Leggett escapes.
McCord is put and given his choice of five agents.
He picks Davis  a decision.
Later pays dividends when Davis pushes him and takes a bullet meant for him.
Davis ends up.
Davis learns.
When Jean is brought in.
She is now married.
She inadvertently lets slip.
The gang is hiding out.
Davis kills MacKay.
Who was being used.
MacKay forgives his distraught friend.
He dies.
Only Collins gets away.
He kidnaps Kay to use.
Jean finds out.
Where he is hiding and telephones Davis  only to be killed by her husband.
Davis sneaks inside and rescues Kay.
Collins is shot by McCord.
He tries to drive away.
<EOS>
Paul  a young man  arrives in the small Nova Scotia town of Milestone.
Where his long lost father was last seen years earlier.
Paul is eager to find out.
What brought his father.
He meets Rauchine  a young  beautiful and unaffected girl.
Who lives.
Paul finds.
Himself enmeshed as his attraction to Rauchine begins to grow.
Rauchine must make a crucial decision and break the cycle of violence and death.
Has marked her life.
<EOS>
Barny is a young  wayward  sexually frustrated widow  living with her little girl.
She is also a communist militant.
Who long ago decided that the easiest way was the best.
One day she enters a church  randomly chooses a priest to and   attempts to provoke him by criticizing Catholicism.
The priest engages her in an intellectual discussion regarding religion.
The priest is Leon Morin  young  handsome  smart and altruistic.
He invites Barny to continue the conversation outside.
She begins regularly seeing him and is impressed.
He makes it his mission to steer her.
<EOS>
A journey through the making of a film.
Legendary actor  Pradyut  had chosen a life.
Madhura  National Awardee  now leads a frustrated existence.
Neel  passionate  chances on something.
Changes his destiny.
Angshuman  returns eight years after completing a course in film direction.
He has an interesting script.
The project is a.
A crime occurs.
Brings emotional crises.
Angshuman is determined to see his dream project through.
<EOS>
Megan Davis comes to marry a missionary and help in his work.
Davis and her fiance enter the war zone to rescue orphans.
They become separated  and rendered unconscious.
Davis is.
Davis awakes.
She witnesses a mass execution  ordered by General Yen.
She becomes greatly upset.
Yen becomes infatuated.
Knowing  keeps her.
She is believed to be dead.
Davis finds.
Herself subconsciously attracted.
Davis meets Yen s financial adviser  American self-styled renegade Jones  the general s concubine  Mah-Li  and his aide  Captain Li.
Jones discovers.
Mah-Li has been spying.
Yen sentences her.
Davis pleads to spare her.
Yen realizes.
Mah-Li will not change her ways  but sees this.
He dismisses Davis  appeal  but accepts Davis s offer to serve as a hostage against the future conduct of Mah-Li  against Jones  advice.
His army deserts him.
When Mah-Li and Captain Li betray the location to the enemy.
Realizing  Davis goes to him willingly.
She has destroyed Yen.
Yen prepares to drink poisoned tea.
<EOS>
Hackett is out to take over the Cattlemen s Association.
His men rustle the cattle forcing the payouts.
<EOS>
18th century soldiers passes.
General Burlap and Colonel Kelsoe are desperate to prevent war  and hatch a plan to capture a warmongering military commander and hold him prisoner.
Unfortunately   they manage to kill themselves.
Testing the efficacy.
Their stupidity incurs the wrath.
They are condemned to haunt the Berkeley Square house until such time.
A British monarch crosses the threshold.
Things get off.
When the ghosts blame each other for the fiasco  quarrel  and refuse to speak to each other for 66 years.
They set.
They have resolved their differences.
They interact with the succession of different occupants of the house  but never manage to lure a monarch to enter.
The house becomes variously the home.
The years pass.
Their time eventually comes to an end.
Queen Mary comes to visit the damaged properties  allowing the pair finally to take their place.
<EOS>
Two brothers meet.
David has come up  Fraser lives in the village.
He was brought up.
They discover a note instructing them to find his inheritance located somewhere on the Isle of Skye.
They set off heading north  finding conflict  comedy and bitter memories.
They are forced to confront their past and each other.
Picking up a hitchhiker - the mysterious  enigmatic Tara - finally brings them.
They reach Skye.
She leaves them  taking off.
David heads off through the island searching for the destination - a remote place named Cille Chriosd.
David and Fraser face their final confrontation.
The sun sets.
<EOS>
Nora is.
She is torn.
<EOS>
The inhabitants must seek another place.
A cloud descends upon Great Valley  devouring all plants and leaving it a barren wasteland.
Where they can survive until the plants have grown back.
However  the Leaf Gobblers have left a path behind them  leaving no food for the dinosaurs to find.
The herd quarrel and threaten to separate.
Cera s father argues on their father and grandfather.
The main characters do not want to be separated  so they set out to find a location.
They leave a trail to find them with  and eventually reach the Big Water.
There  they see a verdant island connected by a thin land bridge.
A Tsunami occurs.
Which they narrowly escape  and which wipes out the bridge.
Isolated  they try out Cera s idea to return by using a log as a boat.
However  a swimming sharptooth attacks.
Follows. 
That night  they remember their families.
Cera s father blames their leave.
The next morning  the children wake up.
They take off  but find themselves cornered.
They huddle together.
When the sharptooth approaches  only to find that it is Chomper.
He then helps them to hide.
Who are also  and provides them with leafy food upon their request.
However  an overcautious Cera openly displays distrust.
He is a Sharptooth  which grieves him.
He departs.
Littlefoot follows him and apologizes  but is interrupted.
She nuzzles him  then leaves.
Littlefoot is intrigued to Chomper.
Meanwhile  a larger Sharptooth living finds the children  and gives them chase.
Chomper tries to help.
The Sharptooth overcomes him.
Fortunately  his parents come and battle the Sharptooth near the edge of the island  Chomper with him  much to his parents  shock.
Which he falls and takes.
Littlefoot plunges in to save Chomper.
The sharptooth is swept away.
Another swimming sharptooth appears.
They discover.
It was an Elasmosaurus named Elsie who then saves the two.
She returns them.
Where Chomper s grateful family promises never to harm the children.
Chomper s father grudgingly admits.
Children who smelled that bad would nt taste very good anyway.
Cera realizes.
Not all Sharpteeth are so bad and monstrous as she previously thought.
Elsie offers to take them  making Cera even more seasick than before.
Chomper and his parents happily bid farewell to them  promising.
They will see them again.
They find out.
When back.
The herd found a lush  green  little place to stay in till the Great Valley has grown back its leaves.
<EOS>
A young Frenchwoman  Madeline Minot  arrives  looking for expatriate Charles Thevenet.
She is initially turned away by his mistress and housekeeper  Lorna Bounty  but persists and presents Thevenet with a letter of introduction from his only grandson  Paul  a romantic revolutionary with.
Whom Madeline is.
Thevenet  a wealthy  old  dissipated rake  correctly guesses Madeline s purpose  she has been sent by Paul to ask him for money to support the revolution in France.
Lorna  assisted are also after Thevenet s fortune  having waited for the old man to die for ten years.
The trio let Thevenet drink as much  and replace some prescribed medicine.
He wants  contrary.
Madeline has one ally  Dupin  an impecunious  heavy-drinking poet.
A chance acquaintance  she turns.
When she suspects the medicine has been poisoned.
They take it.
Who finds it to be sugar water.
Dupin becomes acquainted and recognizes her as a former actress.
Who achieved fame.
Madeline softens the old reprobate s heart.
He summons his lawyer  Durand  and changes his will.
Then he secretly puts arsenic  ready to end his life.
However  he suffers a stroke.
Paralyzes him  leaving him only partial control.
He watches helplessly.
Durand drinks the fatal brandy.
The will is then snatched up and hidden in the fireplace.
He tries to pass along to Dupin the location solely with his eyes.
The old man dies.
Lorna guesses.
There is a new will and its contents.
She and her accomplices search desperately for it without success.
Dupin is more perceptive   he finds and retrieves the document.
He has to fight Martin off to escape the house alive.
It reveals  Lorna  Martin and Mrs Flynn are left only the house.
When the will is read.
Paul does inherit the money.
Madeline goes looking for Dupin to thank him.
Dupin s generous bartender Flaherty tells her.
He has gone  leaving only a seemingly worthless IOU.
Side is a draft of a verse about a woman named Annabel Lee  and on the other  the IOU s signature.
Reveals Dupin s real name  Edgar Allan Poe.
<EOS>
The cartoon begins.
They set off right away.
One turned.
This is Beaky Buzzard.
Who is shy and a little.
His mother kicks him out of the nest with instructions to at least catch a rabbit.
Beaky spots Bugs Bunny and soars down to catch him.
Bugs makes to the ground with a crash.
A chase ensues ending with Bugs crashing into the ground underneath the skeleton of a dead animal.
He cries.
He thinks he s dead.
It turns.
He knew he was okay the whole time.
Beaky ends up the same way.
He summons his mother.
She shows up.
The mother buzzard thinks.
Bugs did something.
Bugs pulls Beaky.
Noticing  the mother abandons her desire to eat Bugs and declares him her hero.
Beaky is unharmed.
Kisses him.
Bugs immitates Beaky.
<EOS>
Golden Swallow revolves.
This time around  she is forced.
When a figure goes on a killing rampage while leaving evidence that holds her responsible.
Golden Swallow also makes room.
The three team up to conquer the evil forces.
Their joint venture only lasts so long  due.
Ultimately  a duel is planned between them  leaving Golden Swallow caught between two men.
Of whom she admires.
<EOS>
Four children capture a Japanese soldier.
Who washes ashore.
<EOS>
Youssef Soltane  a 45 year-old Tunisian intellectual  is the product.
Lived the era and great ideologies in the sixties  and their subsequent failure.
He was incarcerated and tortured.
Furthermore  his relationship only brings him more trouble.
Long winter night  Youssef wanders in search of an emotional haven  prey to all the questions.
Flood his memory.
<EOS>
The Yoshi family has just moved  close to.
Where the father Kennosuke s direct boss  Iwasaki  is staying.
Kennosuke s two young sons.
Keiji and Ryoichi are supposed to be going.
Owing  they decide to play truant.
Keiji and Ryoichi have no choice.
The teacher speaks.
To go.
They attempt to eat sparrow s eggs to get stronger  but an older delivery boy Kozou decides to help them out to threaten the bullies.
That they can get back.
They emerge amongst the gang.
One is Taro.
Whose father is Iwasaki himself.
The boys argue.
Who has the most powerful father.
Not long after  they visit Taro s home.
Where the office workers have gathered.
The two brothers witness.
Their father  who is stern and whom they look up to  plays the buffoon before his colleagues and boss.
Humiliated  they go home and decide.
Their father is nt such an important person.
They throw a massive tantrum  and confront their father asking him.
He has to grovel.
Kennosuke answers.
Taro s father is richer and holds a higher position than he does.
Dissatisfied  the two decide to hold a hunger strike.
Ryoichi gets a spanking.
The father confides.
The children has gone.
He does not enjoy doing what he does.
Both wish.
The next day  the children attempt a hunger strike  but succumb to a dish of sweet cake.
Kennosuke manages a reconciliation.
The children say.
They would like to be a lieutenant general and a general respectively.
They see Taro s father in a car.
They urge their father to go up and greet him.
The brothers walk.
Kennosuke takes a convenient car ride to work.
<EOS>
The plot begins with the pope s visit to Jerusalem  a stop on his 91st trip abroad  and 26 March .
Occurred March.
He asked God to forgive the sins of the church  before retreating alone to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre.
He lost his mother and his brother Edmund.
Pope John Paul lived during World War II.
He maintained his love for Jesus of Nazareth and the virgin Mary.
He became an ordained priest  and eventually the archbishop.
Where he began his fight.
Karol Wojtyla became the 264th pope of the Roman Catholic Church  and now called himself John Paul II.
The Polish Pope himself made history.
He survived the assassination attempt and used his influence to help bring Communism to its knees.
April 2005  Pope John Paul II died.
<EOS>
The film centers.
Pa Mooney claims to be 199 years old  daughter Monica is a sadist  son Malcolm is a halfwit.
The whole family are werewolves.
Will she succeed.
<EOS>
The story opens.
They fall together into the street.
Ben Mears tells his story and the reasons behind his fight with the priest to an orderly.
This takes the form.
Which the miniseries  central plot unfolds.
Ben  a successful writer  returns to his hometown  Jerusalem s Lot  intending to write a novel.
He deals.
He tells Susan Norton.
He accepted a dare to enter the house of Hubie Marsden.
Local legend said.
There was something wrong.
That night  Ben overheard something horrible -- including Hubie begging for his life before committing suicide.
Ben believes.
He also heard Hubie Marsden s last victim crying.
Ben was too afraid to find or help him and fled.
Ben plans to rent and investigate the house to bring catharsis and to gather material for his novel.
He discovers.
The owner  Larry Crockett  has sold it.
Shortly thereafter  the dark secrets begin to emerge.
Crockett is sexually abusing his daughter Ruthie.
Crockett fires him.
When she spends time.
Evie   played evil games.
Who runs the boarding house where Ben stays.
When they were teenagers.
The school bus driver is a bully.
Who loves to torment the children he transports  forcing those he does nt like to walk home.
These painful revelations increase up until the arrival of the mysterious Barlow.
Barlow  a master vampire  is influencing some as a prelude to recruiting more vampires to serve him.
A child vanishes.
His brother then sickens and dies.
Laborer Mike Ryerson buries the boy  then also gets sick and dies.
He returns to tempt high school teacher Matt Burke  but suffers a heart attack.
Who is rescued.
Ben is persuaded.
The town is plagued.
He and his allies  Dr Cody  Father Callahan and Mark Petrie begin acting.
They balk.
Ben insists.
Barlow s victims might be restored.
The characters face their own psychological demons.
The physical demons surround them.
Father Callahan  trying to confront Barlow  finds.
His faith is not strong enough.
Callahan is forced to drink Barlow s blood  turning Callahan.
Larry Crockett   sees his daughter willingly join the vampiric Dud.
Who invited the vampire.
Most still wrestles with his own guilt and personal failures.
Cody and Burke are killed.
Crockett   is killed and devoured instead of being turned into one of them.
Who abandons Ben and Mark to find his daughter.
Mark Petrie and Ben manage.
To destroy Barlow  but not before he taunts Ben  liking Ben as another parasite who preys on the tragedies of others.
Additionally  Ben s hypothesis is disproven   Susan is still a vampire.
Barlow is destroyed.
She tells him.
The boy he failed to rescue all those years ago was already dead when Marsden died.
Ben was never to blame.
Ben is forced to destroy her.
When Susan turns to attack Mark.
Ben and Mark set the Marston House alight.
Who was turned by his former charges and bullying victims.
Callahan screams vows.
The fires begin to spread.
The town s now vampirized population flocks.
The orderly is deeply moved and frightened  then realizes.
Ben concludes his flashback.
Ben was nt acting alone.
He leaves to look  but finds him dead  suffocated with a pillow.
Mark slips.
He is absent.
The hunt is now over.
The orderly returns and corners Mark  but decides to let him go.
Ben passes away  feeling at peace.
<EOS>
Hana relates the story of the main character  Martin  and his journey of self-discovery through the songs of the Slovak chanteuse Hana Hegerova.
The music and lyrics play and important role illustrating and commenting.
<EOS>
Fokko is a teenage boy.
When he notices a beautiful Muslim Turkish girl.
Distracted  he runs into a large flower pot and falls  his pants falling around his ankles.
Embarrassed  he collects himself.
The Turkish girl  Dilara -LRB- Kasbergen -RCB-  hands his phone over.
He d dropped.
She continues on  leaving Fokko mesmerized.
Fokko and his friends spend time attempting skating stunts.
Fokko notices Dilara is present speaking.
Fokko s friends tell him to forget her  saying.
Any chance is impossible due to her strict elder brothers not allowing any man near her.
Unfazed  Fokko performs a stunt.
Impresses her.
Trying to impress her further  he attempts another stunt.
Goes awry after his pants fall again.
Losing his concentration  he lands hard  knocking himself unconscious after his skateboard strikes him on the head.
Regaining consciousness  he finds Dilara standing over him  holding his skateboard.
Embarrassed  Fokko lifts his pants.
Dilara invites him to take a walk.
Leaving  Fokko notices Dilara s four large brothers eyeing them  frightening him.
She takes him.
Where she begins to flirt by telling him to remove her headscarf.
She begins kissing him passionately.
She undresses and pulls his pants down.
Bending  she invites him to sexual intercourse with her.
Dilara s brothers arrive.
He hops over.
She flees  leaving Fokko alone.
Each brother reveals a weapon to be used.
Include scimitars  a bazooka  and a homemade bomb.
Fokko attempts to flee but trips over his pants.
The largest brother  hoisting the bomb  jumps and starts the timer.
Suddenly  it is revealed.
The entire incident has been a hallucination due.
He is still.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Sibilla works.
A dancer called El Dorado  struggling to earn enough to care for her sick child.
The boy s father Estoria  a prominent citizen  refuses them both help and recognition  fearful.
Iliana however slips away.
Sibilla   sees an opportunity to blackmail him by locking the lovers overnight in their meeting-place in the Alhambra.
He and Iliana decide to take refuge.
When Hedwick learns the truth next day.
They propose.
They should take her son so that he can be properly cared for in a healthy climate.
Sibilla reluctantly agrees.
She is distraught.
She returns where she even has to fight off Joao  the cabaret s clown  as he tries to rape her.
Knowing  she performs a last dance to rapturous applause before going backstage to stab herself.
She will not see her son again.
<EOS>
University student Seo In-ha meets a young woman and instantly falls in love.
He is pleasantly surprised to find.
The woman  Mun Hie-jae  is also a member.
In-ha and Hie-jae eventually become friends.
He makes a poor first impression.
He is left disappointed when she later rejects him  as she is more interested.
Several years pass  going their separate ways.
In-ha  now a producer  still pines after his first love.
Hie-jae and Seong-ho prepare to get married.
In-ha keeps a respectful distance.
When Hie-jae survives a car crash that kills her fiance and parents.
He resumes his pursuit of her by reading out letters on his radio show  and finally winning her heart  the couple get married.
However  their happiness is.
Hie-jae becomes pregnant only to discover that she has stomach cancer  and must choose.
<EOS>
Janosch has problems and despises the lifestyle of his bourgeois mother.
He runs away  to his friend Koma.
Who he had met.
Koma is an Oi.
He is a particular sort.
Who has little political motivations  preferring a lifestyle  and whose musical tastes are a synthesis of skinhead and punk rock music.
Koma s girlfriend is pregnant  and wants him to change his ways.
She blows up his secret hideaway.
This only infuriates Koma.
Who blames this.
Meanwhile  Janosch meets Zottel  a punk.
Who earns a living.
The two fall.
Their happiness is cut short.
When Koma attacks Zottel and kills him.
Janosch grabs a brick and slays Koma.
<EOS>
Coach Williams must get his tennis players.
The Kid and his buddies run wild on and off the court.
The coach tries to keep the players out before the match.
Christopher Lee and R.
G.
Armstrong appear  SVU star Mariska Hargitay plays the role of the heroine  Nicole.
<EOS>
Set  starring singer Paul Kelly as a farmer  Jim Ryan  newly settled in the area.
He is the father.
Who climbs out the window and follows the moon into the hills.
Rose Ryan comes to check on her daughter only to find.
Emily is missing.
The Ryans get the local police  led  to search for her.
The father says.
When their Aboriginal tracker  Albert Yang arrives.
He does not want any blacks.
Jim Ryan and the white police go searching  destroying evidence.
Albert could have used to find the girl.
The white men can not find her  eventually Rose goes.
Together they go looking  they find her dead in the hills and bring her body back home.
Albert s wife sings the funeral song.
Their own child is missing.
Jim blames himself and commits suicide.
<EOS>
Marina  Adan  Mimi and Ignacio met.
Marina fell at graduation.
He pulled her out and gave her mouth-to-mouth resuscitation  which she interpreted as a kiss.
As well  Adan in a prank gone awry broke Mimi s ankle.
Resulted. 
Now twelve years later Marina is a sculptor unable to finish her latest piece.
Adan is a recovering alcoholic  junkie and sex addict.
Mimi works.
Ignacio is a risk annalist.
They all attend.
Marina wants to find out  Adan wants to rekindle his old relationship  Mimi was forced to attend by her overbearing mother once again on the eve of a big audition.
Ignacio feels something.
Ignacio goes to see Mimi  his cousin.
Adan during the heat of passion with his ex accidentally pushes Mimi of the roof breaking her ankle once more and losing his cellphone in the process.
Is subsequently found.
Ignacio and Marina meet.
Ignacio reveals.
He never liked her.
Later Marina agrees to help Ignacio find the driver  he reluctantly agrees.
He agrees to date her.
Mimi having once more lost.
An important audition has given up and accepted her life.
Her mother forces.
The producer give her an audition during which she is interrupted and his girlfriend s niece  who immediately catches the producers eye and is cast instead of Mimi.
Mimi proceeds to wreak vengeance.
Meanwhile Ignacio finds the truck driver and proceeds to talk  he feels hatred towards the trucker at first.
Soon his feeling turn to pity  now finally having obtained closure.
When he listens.
He realizes he loves Marina and goes to see her.
He responds.
Kissing she notices burns and asks him about them.
His arm caught.
When he went to put out the flames.
Marina gets upset  she thought.
Ignacio had saved her because he loved her.
Marina storms off looking only to find him drunk at the school trying to stop Mimi from killing herself   Adan and Ignacio fight and in the pool.
Ignacio appears.
Leaves Ignacio unconscious.
Marina not wanting to lose Ignacio jumps and rescues him.
<EOS>
Jane admits to an extramarital affair  Iowa attorney Daniel Trask abandons her and their daughters and heads for Los Angeles.
His flight is delayed.
He meets a few  troubled  alcoholic Dr Robert Fortness  haunted by his responsibility for a car accident salesman Eddie Hoke.
Waiting. 
Which a colleague was killed  is returning home  and plans to tell the district attorney the truth about the incident  aspiring actress Binky Gay  who is hoping to free her husband Mike from the clutches of his domineering mother  former vaudevillian Sallie Carr  and overly loud traveling.
Whose photograph Marie wearing a swimsuit proves to be quite different from reality.
They continue to share their life stories during the unexpected four-hour layover.
When a storm forces the plane to land en route.
They exchange home phone numbers.
They may one day have a reunion.
Kills his three acquaintances.
Trask tells Jerry the truth about his father s past  but assures him he was a good man determined to right the wrong.
He had committed.
Hoping to change Sallie s opinion  he tells and had recommended Sallie for a role.
Her Binky had been cast.
Trask s final visit is.
Who he discovers is an invalid paralyzed.
Marie reveals.
Early she had left Eddie  who she found to be vulgar and tiresome  for another man  who deserted her after she hit her head on a dock while she was swimming.
She was confined and feeling hopeless about her future.
When Eddie arrived to take her home.
Marie tells Trask  and had taught her the true meaning.
Eddie was the most decent man she had ever known.
Marie s story teaches Trask a lesson.
He calls Jane to tell her he s returning home.
<EOS>
The first told in Mid-Afternoon Barks  The Village and the Stranger  follows a herdsman.
Who has abandoned his flock.
Taking residence  he is asked by his landlord to install an electric metal pole in the courtyard outside their apartment.
It becomes increasingly difficult to determine  however.
Whether the request was part or not  or indeed if the herdsman is even in Beijing.
Entitled City  Wood  Repairman  three workmen in the city are installing poles but to no apparent purpose.
A seemingly unrelated but parallel story rounds out this part of the film.
Watermelon and Farmer  a farmer  is constantly bothered by rude customers  children  and workmen.
Who make him move his cart in order to attach electrical wires.
<EOS>
The film includes profiles  such as Charles Burns  Art Spiegelman  Francoise Mouly  Frank Miller  Stan Lee  Will Eisner  Robert Crumb  Harvey Pekar and William M.
Gaines.
The creators discuss their contributions and history  and read passages from their works over filmograph animations.
Montages are featured.
<EOS>
When Cesar Faz is laid off with the St.
Louis Cardinals he moves back.
There he meets local children being led  he takes.
Pitcher Angel Macias and brags about his own pitching skills and how he used to coach the Cardinals.
Angel convinces Cesar to help recruit and coach Monterrey s first-ever Little League team.
The boys hone themselves into a competitive team worthy of international competition.
They are met.
When the team arrives.
The team scores a series of victories  and new fans.
Endear them.
They befriend a sports reporter  Frankie and the groundskeeper  Cool Papa Bell.
Who then assist the boys.
<EOS>
This movie is remake  Aisa Bhi is the story of Chandni.
Some people found the story-line unique  but.
Who belongs.
Chandni and Prem meet to practice and fall in love.
Chandni s dad dies leaving her younger brother and younger sister dependent on Chandni herself.
Initially Chandni decides to leave the house and her siblings -  she decides to bring them up herself.
When she realizes that her unscrupulous uncle and aunt want only the house and care two hoots.
Prem promises to wait and keeps assisting her in all her troubles - while at the same time having become a prominent ghazal singer and a famous one.
- new problems keep cropping up Natasha refusing to keep up with traditions and demanding a separate life with her husband.
Chandni s siblings grow up.
Though after a long wait - Prems.
Love is realized.
He ultimately marries Chandni amidst pomp and ceremony.
Note  The movie is a remake.
<EOS>
Birds and fish are moving around different halves.
One bird and one fish notice each other and approach their sides.
They look to acknowledge.
The feeling is mutual.
Stella looks up and points  Stanley appears to be confused.
Stella then taps her side with her tail.
Stanley gazes upward and then nods  understanding.
What he can do.
Stanley flies.
Stella watches.
Further and further up until he is high enough and then dives  breaking it.
Stella approaches Stanley.
Who appears to be unconscious  and nudges him awake.
He looks around him to see.
He is successful and Stella kisses his cheek.
The birds and fish are shown freely mingling throughout the sphere.
They continue to gaze.
<EOS>
Clara s family are celebrating on Christmas Eve.
Clara is jealous  leaving her feeling sad and wondering.
Her sister  Louise  has a boyfriend.
She immediately cheers up.
When the eccentric Uncle Drosselmeier arrives.
Drosselmeier tells her a story about.
The Nutcracker came to be the Prince.
707 years previously in Stockholm  there was a King and Queen.
Who had a beautiful daughter named Princess Pirlipat.
To celebrate the King s birthday  the Queen ordered a special cake made out.
However  the scent drew out all the mice.
Who ate and destroyed the cake.
The King was enraged and commanded his inventor.
Whose name happened to be Drosselmeier  to capture all the mice.
Drosselmeier and his nephew Hans were successful.
The Mouse Queen cast a spell on Pirlipat  causing her to become hideously ugly.
Drosselmeier was once again given the task.
To cure her.
He eventually learned.
The fabled Krakatooth Nut can cure her.
It is cracked open.
The King commanded all the princes and noblemen to apply.
She is cured.
However  the Krakatooth is so hard.
All the men s teeth shatter.
Drosselmeier is about to be punished.
When Hans steps in.
He manages to crack the nut open and gives it to Pirlipat  breaking the spell.
The angered Mouse Queen then casts a spell  turning him into the Prince of the Dolls.
Hans collapses and transforms.
The Mouse Queen is crushed by a falling statue.
Her son s tail is caught and bent.
He survives and declares himself the Mouse King.
Drosselmeier is exiled for trying to pass a Nutcracker as a.
The King and Queen celebrate.
The Mouse King vows revenge.
Drosselmeier holds Hans.
Clara is upset  but is consoled.
When Drosselmeier tells her that the spell can be broken if he defeats the Mouse King and wins the hand.
Clara s brother Fritz breaks the Nutcracker.
Playing. 
Clara is heartbroken.
Drosselmeier promises to fix it.
That night   Clara ventures and introduces him to her dolls  Trudy  Marie and Pantaloon  an old general in Fritz s toy soldier army.
When everyone has gone to sleep.
Suddenly the Mouse King and his army arrive  intent on getting his revenge on the Nutcracker for his injured tail.
Drosselmeier appears and brings the Nutcracker and all the dolls and soldiers in the room to life.
The Nutcracker   battles the Mouse King.
Who has no memories.
The soldiers fight the mice.
Clara saves the Nutcracker by throwing her slipper at him.
The first battle comes  though.
When she slips and crashes into the clock  losing consciousness for the rest of the night.
The next morning  she awakens and tries to tell her mother about the battle  only to be told to rest.
Drosselmeier visits  giving only vague answers to Clara s questions about the previous night.
The next night  the Mouse King returns  angry.
What Clara has done.
Clara tricks him  briefly trapping him.
He can go once more.
However   the Mouse King has escaped and threatens to harm her kitten  Pavlova.
When she retrieves the unawakened toy.
She does nt hand the Nutcracker over.
Suddenly  Drosselmeier reappears and the toys awaken once more.
The Nutcracker tells Clara not to worry.
Then is cut.
This leads under the Christmas tree.
The Mouse King is supposedly defeated.
When he is stabbed and falls off the tree to his death.
The leaderless army run away amid the cheering toys.
They have to return to revive him.
When everyone see that Pantaloon has been injured.
Clara is then shrunken down to Drosselmeier s magic.
They enter the Land through the toy castle.
Pavlova goes to inspect the Mouse King s body  but is frightened away.
They leave.
The Nutcracker  Clara  Pantaloon  Trudy and Marie arrive on flying swans  passing forests of Christmas trees and arriving at a palace made of sweets.
Pantaloon is cured.
They are there.
The Nutcracker is given a royal welcome amid many cheering toys.
Clara shares a romantic dance.
Who takes her and gets down on one knee.
He then asks her to stay and be his princess.
Clara is ready to embrace her childhood fantasies and her beloved companion but sadly refuses  she wishes.
She could.
The adventures and her family are still waiting for her.
The dolls start to turn back.
A dying Mouse King suddenly arrives.
The Nutcracker tries to save her  but slowly turns back himself.
Clara tries to keep the Mouse King.
He corners her.
He falls off the castle in the river below  almost taking Clara with him.
He strikes.
Clara pulls herself back up and finds.
The castle is completely abandoned.
She tearfully cries out.
Mist fills the lonely palace.
Clara wakes up to find herself back home.
There is no sign.
She has experienced that Pavlova discovered a large dead mouse near the toy castle.
Clara rushes downstairs to find the Nutcracker missing.
She runs.
Where he seems to be expecting her.
She begs him to tell her.
Whether the fairytale he told her was true.
Clara is suddenly silenced.
When a young boy enters the room  carrying a big clock.
Drosselmeier introduces the boy.
Whom Clara recognizes.
The film ends.
Hello  Clara.
The Nutcracker says and then she replies Hello  Nutcracker.
<EOS>
Ram  a sanyasi - a religious minded young man.
Who runs away.
Aarti  Today s Menaka.
Yesterday s Menaka tried to disturb Vishwamitra s communion to distract Ram s mind away from his religious thoughts.
She adopts many disguises and agrees to do.
What one least expects a noble  attractive and good girl to attempt.
Renuka Devi  Ram s mother.
Her husband ruined his life.
He was still young.
Not wanting her son to be  she has kept Ram surrounded by a religious atmosphere since his childhood.
The result is.
Ram grows up to be different.
Girdhari and Banwari  The robbers.
They have entered Ram s house as his uncle and cousin  posing as father and son.
They have taken the place and his son.
Who died.
Ram s mother embraces them  but does not know.
These two devils are here to swindle her belongings and happiness.
Shanti Baba  A true sanyasi.
Who can kill the soul that lives only to bring happiness.
Ishwar Baba  A fraud  a blot.
He is   evil dacoit Mangal Singh  a murderer  rapist and drunkard.
But he poses as a racluse and pretends to perform miracles to impress the unsuspecting devotees.
<EOS>
The film consists.
Of which   are introduced by superimposed titles.
A tribe is foraging for food in the African desert.
A leopard kills one member.
Another tribe drives them from their water hole.
Defeated  they sleep overnight.
Awake to find a black monolith has appeared.
They approach it shrieking and jumping.
Eventually touch it cautiously.
One of the man-apes realizes.
To use a bone  which they start using to kill prey for their food.
They reclaim control of the water hole from the other tribe by killing its leader.
Triumphant  the tribe s leader throws his.
The scene shifts.
Giulio Angioni  Fare  dire  sentire  lidentico.
Il diverso nelle culture  p.
37 and Un film del cuore   pp.
121-136Commentators generally assume.
This is a gap of years.
See and The novel gives the age A Pan Am space plane.
The film dialogue and an early draft gives it as four million.
Carries Dr Heywood R.
Floyd orbiting Earth for a layover on his trip to Clavius Base  a US outpost on the Moon.
He encounters his friend Elena  a Russian scientist  and her colleague Dr Smyslov   and the rumor of a mysterious epidemic at the base.
Who ask Floyd.
Floyd politely but firmly declines to answer any questions  claiming.
He is not to discuss this.
Floyd heads a meeting of base personnel  apologizing for the epidemic cover story but stressing secrecy.
His mission is to investigate a recently found artifact -- Tycho Magnetic Anomaly One -- deliberately buried four million years ago.
Floyd and others ride to the artifact  a black monolith identical to the one encountered by the apes.
The visitors examine the monolith  and pose.
They hear a very loud high-pitched radio signal emanating.
Doing so.
Eighteen months later  the American spaceship Discovery One is bound.
Are mission pilots and scientists Dr David Bowman and Dr Frank Poole  and three other scientists.
Who are.
Most are controlled by the ship s computer  HAL 9000  or simply Hal.
The crew call it.
The computer states.
Bowman and Poole watch Hal and themselves being interviewed about the mission.
He is foolproof and incapable.
Hal also speaks.
He enjoys working.
Bowman replies.
When asked if Hal has genuine emotions.
He appears  but that the truth is unknown.
Hal asks Bowman.
Then interrupts himself to report the imminent failure.
Controls the ship s main antenna.
The astronauts can not find anything wrong with it.
Hal suggests reinstalling the part and letting it fail.
The problem can be found.
Mission control concurs  but advises the astronauts.
Results indicate the ship s Hal is in error predicting the fault.
Hal insists.
When queried.
The problem   is due to human error.
Concerned  Bowman and Poole enter.
One pods to talk without the computer overhearing them.
They both have suspicions  despite the perfect reliability of the HAL series.
They decide to follow its suggestion to replace the unit.
They are unaware.
The astronauts agree to disconnect Hal if it is proven to be wrong.
Hal is reading their lips.
His EVA pod  controlled  severs his oxygen hose and sets him adrift.
Poole is attempting to replace the unit.
Bowman  not realizing  takes another pod to attempt a rescue  leaving his helmet behind.
The computer is responsible.
Hal turns off the life-support functions.
He is gone.
Hal refuses to let him  stating.
When Bowman returns.
The astronaut s plan to deactivate him jeopardizes the mission.
Bowman manually opens the ship s emergency airlock and bodily enters the ship risking death to a vacuum.
Bowman proceeds to Hal s processor core intent on disconnecting most of the functions of the computer.
Hal first tries to reassure Dave  then pleads  and finally begins to express fear -- all.
Him to stop.
Dave ignores him and disconnects each.
Hal eventually regresses.
He sings.
A prerecorded video message plays.
When the computer is finally disconnected.
He reveals the existence of the four million-year-old black monolith on the Moon  its origin and purpose still a total mystery.
Floyd adds.
It has remained completely inert.
Bowman leaves Discovery One in an EVA pod and finds another monolith in orbit around the planet.
Approaching it  the pod is suddenly pulled  Kubrick  in a 1970 interview with Joseph Gelmis  refers to this as a Star-Gate -LRB- Gelmis and a disoriented.
Terrified Bowman finds himself racing across vast distances of space  viewing bizarre cosmological phenomena and strange alien landscapes of unusual colors.
He finds himself  middle-aged and still  standing in a bedroom appointed in the Louis.
Bowman sees progressively older versions  his point of view switching each time  alternately appearing formally dressed and eating dinner  and finally as a very elderly man lying in a bed.
A black monolith appears.
He is transformed.
Bowman reaches.
Kubrick   refers to this.
A Star-Child -LRB- Gelmis The new being floats beside the Earth  gazing at it.
<EOS>
During the Korean War  a company of American infantry  led by Lieutenant Joe Clemons are to recapture Pork Chop Hill from a larger Communist Chinese army force  they recapture the hill  but are depleted  only 25 of a 135-man unit are left.
They prepare.
A large-scale Chinese counter-attack which they know will overwhelm and kill them while the Panmunjeom cease-fire negotiations continue.
Higher command is shown.
They will not reinforce the hill.
The value is not worth further losses.
They will not abandon the hill.
It is a point.
The American negotiators come.
The Chinese were pouring soldiers to test the resolve of the Americans in the negotiations.
The decision is then made to reinforce the hill.
<EOS>
A family is stopped.
Forced to stop hit the gas.
They hit someone  evidently armed  a couple shoots the man and hijacks the family s car.
The father goes to find a spare  leaving his family.
When one is punctured.
Eventually finding a ghost village  the father goes.
The father starts bizarrely digging.
He finds a rusty knife.
Using the rusty knife the father cuts his head  with the resulting fountain of blood spraying an ancient tomb.
A moment later  a razor sharp Japanese sword strikes appears from underneath.
An old woman comes and tells him.
The samurai is resurrected.
They re all going to die.
Following.
Yoroi begins to hunt the family and the captors one in the Eight Spears Village forest.
<EOS>
The Union forces withdrew  Leslie Harmon extinguished.
A powder trail to destroy a dry dock.
The act would have caused significant collateral damage.
Harmon is awaiting a court martial.
When he is brought.
Joseph B.
Smith  Jr.
Father and son Smith offer Harmon a pardon  indeed  Gosport regards Harmon a hero.
The Union Navy is concerned as.
He will conduct espionage.
He will be assisted from a wealthy family  Betty Stuart.
Who detests slavery.
Harmon accepts.
Harmon gets to attend a test.
Where the iron that makes up the hull is fired on.
The armor proves to be unable to withstand the cannon rounds.
He learns.
The test firing is deliberate disinformation  manufactured.
He discovers.
Plates have almost no damage.
Betty is able to provide more information from her social networks in the Confederate navy.
Betty   sends information north regularly.
However   she falls with Catesby Jones.
Betty urges Harmon to return North.
Whom she later learns is to serve.
Her love compromises her love for the Union.
She tries to stop Harmon  threatening to alert the pickets on the beach.
Harmon notes and must stop the Virginia  and notes.
He is responsible.
Having him shot would merely put him.
He rows off  Betty does not compromise him after all.
Betty and Opal have words  Opal would rather see Cletus dead than be a slave  Opal disagrees  and responds to Betty s concession of misunderstanding.
One man s life is more important.
Betty would understand if she was black.
Betty confesses her role.
The Virginia sails off to break the Union blockade.
Betty is promptly arrested.
Guilford.
The Virginia first approaches the USS Congress.
Smith rallies his men to do their duty  Captain Franklin Buchanan of the Virginia rallies his men  similarly.
Congress fires a full broadside to no effect.
Buchanan wants to take the U.
S.
S.
Cumberland first  sinks it  and returns.
It is a more dangerous warship.
Lt.
Austin Pendergrast has become a praying man.
He becomes acting captain.
When Smith is killed rallying his men.
Prendergrast orders Brigadier General Joseph K.
The ship surrendered  however.
Mansfield s shore batteries prevent the Virginia  and wound Captain Buchanan.
When he goes.
Buchanan orders Catesby to set the Congress ablaze.
He does.
Opal joins Betty a short time later.
They discover.
The evidence found was not sufficient proof of Betty s guilt  and also that Catesby Jones did not report Betty to authorities.
However  Opal reminds Betty.
She is.
Betty watches Lt.
Guilford honor the courage.
Who is immediately hanged.
That night  Guilford asks Betty not to die  as Lt.
Smith had done.
Father Smith only needed to know  his son would not have surrendered.
The Congress surrendered.
Betty asks  would he honor her  too.
She has to die.
The USS Monitor sails in to protect the USS Minnesota  and is defenseless until high tide returns the next day.
Has run aground.
Only the low tide has prevented Virginia.
Captain Van Brunt Civil War Navy Dispatches offered instructions and Leslie Harmon.
Worden makes Harmon  familiar  midshipman on the spot.
The morning introduces his crew to the Monitor between them and the Minnesota.
Worden does his best to engage Virginia as far.
He can.
Virginia s first shot demonstrates.
Monitor s armor will hold.
Virginia steers worse.
Simms informs Catesby  Harmon tells Worden 30 minutes to turn  and later adds.
Virginia is leaking.
It would take Virginia.
Virginia would be grounded.
It is.
Engineer Ramsey is ordered to tie the safety valve closed.
The desperate attempt gets them free.
Monitor s.
Two gun revolving turret shake metal loose but that is all.
Finally  Virginia tries to ram Monitor but misses.
Worden tries the same  trying to knock out Virginia s rudder  but is temporarily blinded through the eye holes.
Monitor has also missed.
Monitor temporarily withdraws.
Worden tells Lt.
Samuel Green to protect the Minnesota.
But Virginia can no longer get  nor attempt a long shot with any accuracy.
Risking splitting open the bow and short for the pumps  Catesby withdraws.
Monitor returns.
Both sides claimed victory.
The Monitor denied Confederate access.
John Ericsson has an argument  Welles responds.
It was a calculated decision to save the lives.
President Lincoln settles the row.
Ericsson has made naval history and  moreover  offers to pay Ericsson s bill.
Lt.
Guilford  glad not to hang a pretty girl  releases Betty and Opal.
Catesby had reported the guns.
Betty had communicated misinformation.
She meets Catesby.
Catesby respects Betty s conscience  but notes.
A relationship is impossible because she had to risk the life.
He advises her to go North  and says goodbye.
A voiceover indicates.
The Virginia was scuttled later that year after Union troops took Norfolk  and that the Monitor sank off Cape Hatteras later that year.
<EOS>
Vijay is a very proud rich man.
Who thinks money can buy anything.
He harbors love and tries to win her.
She rejects him.
He gets angry as well as disappointed.
When Asha marries an account clerk instead.
Soon.
The doctor thinks.
Vijay will need a new pair.
Vijay orders  but it is nt as simple  the doctor explains to him.
Vijay thought.
It s difficult to find an eye donor.
That is.
When Vijay realizes that money can not buy everything.
Then he starts believing and starts chanting prayers.
He finds.
A donor and his eyes are operated.
Now Vijay can see.
He also has realized.
Money is indeed very useless.
He comes to know.
The eyes implanted on him are.
Now Asha is a widow.
Anil has been executed.
It now becomes an aim.
Anil got.
Anil was innocent.
<EOS>
A colony surreptitiously invade a young couple s park picnic in the 1890s and contrive to steal their food.
The gags include a scene  and one.
Which the ants  frustrated  spread mustard on the back of the girlfriend s hand and trick the boyfriend into biting it.
Which a female ant sings an overly melodramatic song which gets the other ants to run.
<EOS>
A small oil rig located hits it big.
Former oiler John Sanders and his friend Emery are hired to take his ex-wife Kelly and her boss.
Nearby  some thugs do diving.
Were dumped nearby.
Unfortunately   a huge freshwater bull shark enters the river and starts terrorizing and killing people.
Emery s people  a local tribe  believe.
The shark is a spirit that supposedly protects the area where the well is manifested as vengeance for the oil rig.
Several people are killed by locals to kill  towards the oil rig.
It drives it right back up the river.
A $ 10000 reward is posted for the shark s death.
Unfortunately John  Emery  Kelly and her boss are captured.
The boss is shot and ultimately bleeds to death.
The oil rig has a blowout.
Two men are killed.
The shark arrives and kills several people as well as terrorizing the crew.
John and Kelly are forced to dive and recover it  mock each other  and plot.
The goons drink.
What to do.
One kills the third.
Order to keep the money and his partner  Jerry.
John manages to escape  shoots the fuel tank on his boat  killing one of the goons.
The other one  Ice  is killed.
John manages to lure the shark.
Emery activates the drill and drops it  finally killing it.
John  Kelly and Emery have a tooth  suggests that now rest in peace.
Whether or not to collect the reward  but Emery  still believing the shark is a spirit.
It is dead  that they should just let it.
John takes Emery s advice and tosses the tooth  letting it sink to the bottom.
Minutes later  they are found.
Who shows up.
<EOS>
Chang-sik lives strictly  doing the rounds of free samples in department store food sections and sponging off of his older brother.
Mi-young nurtures grandiose dreams but has failed every audition.
She just ca nt act.
The two unemployed and living in the same neighborhood are bound to run into each other.
They do.
One day  Chang-sik and Mi-young are walking.
When they end up.
Chang-sik s coins spill out and scatter all over the ground.
His precious coins.
He viciously turns.
She refuses to give him 10 cents.
They become sworn enemies  but then come across the chance of a lifetime.
They witness a hit-and-run involving old man Hwang together.
The next day   they see a banner advertising a 5 million won reward to eyewitnesses.
Each person eagerly offers to be a witness and ends up getting tangled up in something.
They had nt bargained.
<EOS>
Major Surov  is a Russian commander.
The Budapest airport is shut down and Diana  along with other international travellers from U.
S.
Britain  Israel  and France are forced to reach Vienna.
Is one of the Hungarian dissenters hunted by the police  Paul.
<EOS>
The animated film is.
Who spends his time enjoying a wonderful life.
Little Jack s world changes drastically.
When his father  Jack  is captured and forced to join the circus.
The film s villain  a shrewd circus owner named Anna Conda  desperately wants bigger and better performances.
This leads her to kidnap many forest animals.
The Ringmaster  Anna is able to hypnotize the animals into performing in her shows.
<EOS>
Dr Malcolm Sayer is a dedicated and caring physician at a local hospital in the New York City borough of The Bronx.
Who survived the 1917-1928 epidemic.
Certain stimuli will reach and offer a glimpse into their worlds.
Leonard Lowe proves elusive.
Sayer soon discovers.
Leonard is able to communicate by using a Ouija board.
Sayer believes.
The drug may offer a breakthrough.
A trial run  this success inspires Sayer to ask for funding from donors.
Leonard completely awakens.
That all the catatonic patients can receive the L-Dopa medication and experience awakenings back.
Meanwhile  Leonard is adjusting and becomes romantically interested in Paula  the daughter of another hospital patient and begins spending time with her.
When she comes.
Leonard also begins to chafe.
He pleases and stirs up a bit.
Sayer notices has difficulty controlling them.
As Leonard grows more agitated battling administrators and staff  a number of facial and body tics are starting to manifest and Leonard.
They soon find.
Sayer and the hospital staff continue to delight with this group of patients.
It is a temporary measure.
Leonard is also the first to demonstrate the limited duration of this period of awakening.
Leonard s tics grow more and more prominent.
He starts to shuffle more.
He walks.
All are forced to witness.
What will eventually happen.
He soon begins to suffer full body spasms and can hardly move.
Leonard  however  puts up well  and asks Sayer to film him  in hopes.
He would some day contribute.
Leonard acknowledges sadly he can not see her anymore.
What is happening and has a last lunch with Paula where he tells her.
Paula dances.
When he is about to leave.
His spasms disappear.
Leonard and Dr Sayer reconcile their differences.
Leonard returns soon after.
The other patients  fears are similarly realized.
Each eventually returns to catatonia no matter how much their L-Dopa dosages are increased.
Sayer tells a group to the hospital.
Although the awakening did not last  another kind -- one -- took place.
He himself   decides to go on a date with one of the nurses.
Who has always been lonely.
The nurses now treat the catatonic patients once again.
Paula is shown visiting Leonard.
The film ends.
Man the planchette.
Let s begin  Sayer says.
<EOS>
Earl Tinker goes and finds.
A business rival has a femme fatale.
<EOS>
The story occurs.
She finds Chobi outside and brings him home with her.
Chobi falls with his owner because of her kindness and beauty.
Chobi gets a girlfriend  Mimi.
Mimi loves Chobi and wants to marry him.
He refuses.
He is.
She has a long conversation over the phone.
She cries and becomes depressed.
When it s over.
Chobi does not understand.
What the conversation was about or what happened but concludes that it was not her fault.
He stands and comforts her.
Time goes on.
It becomes winter.
She continues going to work and moves on.
Chobi and She are happy with their life together and say in unison  This world  I think we like it.
<EOS>
Set  the film features the return of main antagonist Char Aznable.
Who has emerged in hiding to lead the Neo-Zeon once more in the fight for independence from the Earth Federation.
Still determined to make humankind fully colonize  he mobilizes Neo-Zeon forces to drop the asteroid 4th Luna on the Federation headquarters in Lhasa  Tibet.
He plans to drop the Axis asteroid base on Earth as well.
However  the Federation has assigned its own anti-insurgent task force  the Londo Bell  to take him down.
Are One Year War veterans Bright Noa and Amuro Ray.
Whom Char wants to kill.
A major battle breaks out as the Londo Bell struggle to stop Char.
The asteroid enters Earth s atmosphere.
A Londo Bell demolitions team blows.
One half is still to strike Earth  In the midst of the battle  Amuro catches Char and tries to push Axis from reentry  with Federation and Neo Zeon mobile suits coming to help.
Amuro s RX-93 Nu Gundam resonates and creates a psyco-wave  pushing it away from Earth while shoving all the other mobile suits from the area.
The group tries to carry out the impossible.
Both Federation and Neo-Zeon forces look on.
Axis veers off.
<EOS>
The film opens  during the British rule in India at the height of Indian independence movement is the tale of two Delhi families  that of Nawab Badruddin and Gulshan Rai.
The two families are so close.
They virtually share the same house.
The Nawab s daughter  Husn Bano  has an affair.
& gets pregnant.
He finds.
When the Nawab attempts to arrange her marriage.
Javed has disappeared.
Amrit Rai and his wife Savitri assist Husn and even adopt him and give him their family name.
Young Dilip is a cute young child  the apple and the Rai households.
Husn then gets married to another location.
While participating in a protest to force the British to leave India killed.
The Nawab gets.
Years later  Husn Bano and Javed return.
Then she meets Dilip - not the Dilip.
She had left.
Order to force Muslims to leave India and even go.
Can Husn and Dilip adapt.
<EOS>
The life shown in this film.
<EOS>
Young journalist Manuel Cueto is sent to help solitary novelist Joaquin Gonez finish his long-overdue last book.
Brought out by the young man  Joaquin reminisces about his youth in Buenos Aires and his intense relationship with his mother Roma.
<EOS>
When snakes are.
Thus  the film begins in their human forms  singing and dancing amorously with each other.
He is shot.
When the male turns back.
Who thought the snake was going to attack the woman.
The rest deals with the female taking revenge on the group of friends responsible for her lover s death.
<EOS>
The film is.
He has four children  Christy  Joji  Jessy and Stella.
Christy is a high profile police informer.
Who is working and getting high amounts as remuneration.
His brother Joji goes to study theology  but later opts out of it  daughter of the state home minister.
He falls with Meenakshi.
His family has no clear idea.
Christy s brother-in-law tells a lie as Christy finds about brother-in-law s relationship between rowdies and cases which he was arrested for.
All these come to Varghese Mappila.
Varghese Mappila kicks Christy out.
Joji is having a relationship.
Her parents come to know.
And she is being kidnapped.
Returning home.
Her father calls Christy.
Christy finds.
His brother-in-law was the person who kidnapped Meenakshi.
He fights and safely brings Meenakshi back to her home.
The next day  police finds.
Christy s brother-in-law was killed.
Police arrests Christy.
Christy s friend brings him out.
Meanwhile  a police officer marries Stella.
Christy helps Joji to marry Meenakshi.
Both Christy and the police officer finds out.
The killer was Joji.
Knowing  Christy tells the police officer to arrest him.
The killer was Joji.
<EOS>
Obsessed  Johnny could be one of the best.
But his mentor and trainer Joe  a shady hustler  is holding him back.
Who decides how and who Johnny plays.
Johnny breaks.
When the day finally comes.
Leads. 
Joe is beaten up as a sign to leave him alone.
Johnny leaves the world of.
Johnny finally commits to a real job in the construction business  but is soon miserable there.
He finds himself spending most with his younger brother.
Danny who it seems is following on the road to a life Johnny left when he broke from Joe.
He took.
He is bent on revenge for the beating.
Soon he has a new protege Brad.
Who is just as good if not better.
And he s got his eye.
The two play a high-stakes game.
Ends. 
Soon Johnny finds.
His brother is for trying to steal the money he owes.
The only way is to play Brad.
Results. 
<EOS>
The film starts.
Where Janaki is fighting from Pandian.
She offers various reasons.
She has married Pandian.
But she is nt able to come with living in Pandian s small house without amenities.
Pandian is an assistant dance director and is not able to spend much time with the family.
All this accumulates and Janaki decides to apply.
Is granted.
The court orders is his only solace.
Pandian can meet his daughter Barathi  once a week and this.
His daughter  however  loves him a lot and does nt like the arrangement.
Basha  a friend  advises Pandian to steal his daughter.
Who works.
Pandian goes.
His friend suggests.
He is discovered  and now he can not meet her at all.
Then Pandian finds out.
Vishwanathan Iyer has advertised to look after his granddaughter.
Joseph is a makeup man.
Pandian gets the idea of playing an old woman.
That he can be without them knowing.
Joseph agrees.
The transformation is done to ` Avvai Shanmugi  -- a dignified  elderly woman.
Who is hired to take care.
Rathna is a girl.
Who is but is constantly rebuffed.
Basha takes up the role and is admitted into Vishwanathan Iyer house on the recommendation of Avvai Shanmugi.
However  Basha is caught later.
Doing his namaz  thereby shattering both lies -- that he is mute and an Iyer.
Hilarious circumstances follow.
Slowly Avvai Shanmugi manages to convince the household.
So much so.
Janaki s widowed father begins to develop a liking and in fact proposes to her too.
This happens many times.
Mudaliyar  too  begins to develop a liking.
Meanwhile Pandian slowly begins to realize.
Janaki has nt totally forgotten him.
Avvai rebuffs Vishwanathan s proposals.
Adding  she tells Vishwanathan.
Joseph is ` her  husband  while Pandian tells Sethurama -- Vishwanathan s secretary - that Mudaliyar is Avvai s husband.
There is much confusion.
It is resolved.
Avvai Shanmugi convinces Vishwanathan.
Janaki s right place is.
Avvai Shanmugi reveals ` her  true self to Basha.
Janaki s father goes off to talk.
This is seen.
Who misunderstands the scene and believes Avvai to be an immoral woman.
Janaki goes to reclaim him  but upon seeing Rathna waiting there.
Avvai s clothes lying around  thinks.
Her husband  too  is promiscuous.
Janaki leaves and attempts suicide.
Avvai Shanmugi stops her.
Avvai reveals her identity.
Janaki and Pandian reconcile.
<EOS>
The Last Sin Eater is a story.
Takes place in a settlement community of Welsh Americans.
Ten-year-old Cadi s grief  the only person  is compounded by a previous family tragedy.
Who seemed to love her unconditionally.
Which she believes her family blames her.
Cadi sees the face of the village sin-eater  a person.
Who absolves the deceased   of their sins in this tiny Smoky Mountain community.
A preacher comes to the isolated valley and camps outside the village.
The young girl slowly realizes.
The sin eater is false and learns.
Cadi s baptism leads.
But Cadi s new found faith leads.
The close-knit community must finally face the horrific secret on which their village was founded.
<EOS>
The film uses the 1950s-era tuberculosis epidemic as its starting point.
The spread forced many Inuit to go to various Canadian cities for treatment.
Tiivii is taken  from Baffin Island July.
Uprooted  far and faced with a completely alien world  he finds himself unable to communicate with anyone.
She arranges to have a young orphan  Kaki  transferred.
When his nurse  Carole realizes that Tiivii s illness is not the most serious threat.
The boy is also sick  but has experience and speaks both languages.
Tiivii rediscovers his pride and energy.
Ultimately  he also rediscovers hope.
The film also stars Denis Bernard  Louise Marleau  Antoine Bertrand  Guy Thauvette  Luc Proulx and Vincent-Guillaume Otis.
<EOS>
White Dragon is a narcissist  forever worried about her good looks.
As she s fighting.
Chicken Feathers is first challenged with proficient skills in martial arts to almost match his  but not quite enough.
Thinking  White Dragon transfers her kung-fu knowledge  turning the young woman into the prettiest martial arts expert around.
She has been fatally wounded.
The downside   is bad acne.
She does not fully understand.
She manages to prevent only.
Phoenix is reluctant to take at first  but soon becomes interested in tracking down Chicken Feathers.
When she learns that her love interest  Second Prince Tian Yang  might become his next target.
Using her flute-playing  White Dragon finally faces Chicken Feathers in an attempt to defeat him.
He can carry out the assassination.
Chicken Feathers proves to be too good  however.
She ends up injured and dependent.
When White Dragon tries to exploit his weak points.
Who does nurse her back.
White Dragon seeks to find his true weak point to stop him once and.
Chicken Feathers plays nurse.
Is. 
What she finds instead.
Chicken Feathers has fallen with her  and that he is growing on her as well.
Her leg healed.
Chicken Feathers found a letter and had it read by the town s doctor.
This letter made Chicken Feathers thinking.
Black Phoenix already has a boyfriend  namely the Second Prince Tian Yang.
Chicken Feathers confronted Phoenix Black.
They ended up struggling.
Accidentally the girl stabbed her flute.
Gave him a moment.
She ran away.
The Third Prince  brother  apparently hired Chicken Feathers to kill his brother  this was revealed at the very last scene.
<EOS>
It is the end.
Logan s father invites them.
He gives them Tekmates.
When Logan s father says that there is going to be a competition vs the boys and the girls.
Will be  so the teams pick their own team leader.
Who ever wins the competition.
Chase is the leader.
Zoey is the leader.
Quinn makes an energy drink.
Is not ready yet.
Dustin drinks it.
He went crazy.
Chase sent a message to Michael saying.
He does not want to tell Zoey that he loves her.
But   he sent it to Zoey.
He gets the Tekmate and deletes the message.
She is gone.
When he tries to give it back.
She gets mad.
When she finds out.
The girls end up winning.
Logan s father says.
There were hidden cameras so they were all.
Zoey asked Chase.
When they go back.
What the message was.
Michael  Logan  Quinn and Lola call them to watch the show.
Dustin then stops going crazy.
Chase writes the message on his Tekmate to Zoey  but realizes.
It is not.
The last scene shows Zoey s Tekmate.
She left  vibrating into the water and therefore impeding her from seeing it.
<EOS>
The thirteen short films vary considerably.
Make up the entire collection.
Skin features two figures  one male and one female  clad caressing and kissing each other intimately.
The two figures begin to cut open the nylon with a pair of scissors to reveal the naked skin underneath  and engage in oral and penetrative sex.
There is no dialogue and only soft background music.
Directed.
Fruitcake is a mix.
The images are accompanied.
Directed.
Night Time shows a woman kissing.
They both proceed to perform oral sex.
The woman later uses a vibrator to reach orgasm.
Directed.
Dildoman is the only animated film.
It shows images.
Where masturbating adult or middle-aged men watch two women having sex.
One is then suddenly grabbed by one of the women.
Who now dwarfs him.
The woman proceeds to insert the man.
The man goes limp.
When she reaches climax.
The film ends.
Directed.
Body Contact portrays two women  one filming the other  searching to have sex with on the Swedish dating site Body Contact.
A man shows his penis to the women through a webcam.
Later the man pays them a visit  but is unnerved.
The two women convince him to have sex.
Directed.
Red is a series of quick  blurred clips of unidentifiable people swimming in the surf of a beach and then having sex in a room.
Directed.
.
Directed.
Phone Fuck features a newly separated lesbian couple.
Who talk over the telephone and eventually engage.
Directed.
Brown Cock shows the naked pelvis.
Her vagina is penetrated.
Who then goes on to fist her.
The two women engage throughout the scene  commenting the sex act.
Directed.
Flasher Girl is a semi-documentary manifesto of Swedish artist Joanna Rytel and her alter ego Flasher Girl  a woman flasher.
She travels to Paris.
Where she exposes herself and expands on her motives for doing so.
Directed.
Authority starts.
She is caught by a female police officer.
Who chases her  but is eventually overpowered and bound.
The two then engage  including spitting  slapping and anal sex.
Directed ostberg.
For the Liberation is an abstract mix of clips of a man clad in women s clothing masturbating and close-ups of an old woman s face.
Directed.
Come Together  the short  is included last.
Engberg and others did.
It consists.
Eventually reaching orgasm.
Directed.
<EOS>
Mahendra Bhoopathi and Marthandan are rival kings.
Dr Nanjappa separates them skillfully.
When Bhoopathi s wife gives birth.
Marthandan and his men set fire to Bhoopathi s fort thinking.
The entire Bhoopathi clan perishes.
But the good doctor has taken the babies.
And thereafter the elder twin Vijayan grows up.
The younger twin Vikraman is brought up by the loyal Marudhu.
The doctor sends and introduces them to each other and makes them aware of their history.
When they are 25 years old.
The twins swear to avenge the dastardly killing  and restore the glory of their kingdom.
Meanwhile Vijayan saves the beautiful Kanchana.
Vijayan and Kanchana fall.
Problems crop up.
Vikraman too falls.
And being the younger  Vikraman aches with frustrating feelings of physical desire.
Whenever Vijayan and Kanchana are together.
Not wanting to be the cause  Kanchana leaves Vijayan in the forest  only to fall straight into the clutches of Marthandan.
The rescue  and Marthandan getting his retribution form rest of the exciting tale.
<EOS>
An inventor develops an eerie purple light.
Renders him invisible  enabling him to seek revenge.
<EOS>
Gilda Karlson is a New Orleans prostitute.
She is accused.
Her old boyfriend  sailor Carl Erickson  smuggles her to safety.
Which she can not be extradited.
Gilda and Carl get married without a clergyman to officiate.
She swears to be faithful.
Gilda finds herself to be the only white woman.
Carl leaves.
Of whom try to seduce her.
Especially persistent is Bruno  the island s executioner.
Who steals the money that Carl sends her  that she will think that Carl has abandoned her.
Van Saal arrives  having ditched his wife  on the lam with the life insurance money.
He collected.
Bruno gives Gilda a gun to protect herself.
She kills him.
When Van Saal attacks her.
She is put and is about to be acquitted by a sympathetic jury.
When Bruno tells her that he will have her arrested unless she has sex with him.
To foil Bruno s trap  Gilda gives a false confession  preferring to die rather than to break her vow to Carl.
She is convicted and sent.
<EOS>
The story is set.
He learns.
When Thomas Torless arrives.
Anselm von Basini has been caught stealing  and is obliged to become Reiting s slave  bowing to Reiting s sadistic rituals.
Torless follows their relationship.
Also partaking is Beineberg  with Bozena  the local prostitute.
Whom Torless visits.
Again  Torless is aloof and more intrigued by the woman.
He is however very eager to understand imaginary numbers.
Are mentioned.
The maths teacher is unwilling or unable to explain.
What these are  stating that  emotion is what rules everything - even mathematics.
Torless realises intellectually.
Basini is nearly lynched.
The other boys are simply cruel.
He seems no more or less emotionally moved than by the revelation.
He can not understand imaginary numbers.
He decides.
He does not want to partake  so decides to leave the academy.
His teachers think  and do not want him to stay anyway - they are part.
He is too highly strung.
Can allow such terrible things to be done.
Torless gets his mother to take him away from the school.
He drives away  laughing.
<EOS>
Lives Momo  a little girl of mysterious origin.
She is remarkable -- really listen.
She has the extraordinary ability to listen.
She can help them find answers to their problems  make up with each other  and think of fun games.
This pleasant atmosphere is spoiled.
These strange individuals represent the Timesavings Bank and promote the idea.
Can be deposited and returned to the client later with interest.
The less they have.
The more time people save.
The time is actually lost.
They save.
Momo  however  is a wrench thanks to her special personality.
Momo finds her way up to an elevated realm of a master time keeper.
Who contrives to stop time long enough to sabotage a meeting of the gray men long enough to close their time vault when they need it  causing them to all disappear into their own cigar smoke  after which she can open the vault and release everyone s time which returns as a river of flower petals.
<EOS>
3947 Jeffrey Beaumont returns suffers a near fatal stroke.
He cuts and discovers a severed ear.
Walking home.
Jeffrey takes the ear.
Whom he meets the detective s daughter  Sandy.
She tells him details and a suspicious woman  Dorothy Vallens.
Who may be connected.
Increasingly curious  Jeffrey enters Dorothy s apartment.
Jeffrey steals her spare key.
Dorothy is distracted.
Jeffrey and Sandy attend Dorothy s nightclub act.
Which Dorothy sings Blue Velvet.
Jeffrey can sneak.
He hurriedly hides.
When she returns home.
However  Dorothy  wielding a knife  finds him and threatens to hurt him.
Thinking  Dorothy makes Jeffrey undress and begins to fellate him.
His curiosity is merely sexual and aroused.
Their encounter is interrupted.
Dorothy hides Jeffrey.
He witnesses the visitor  Frank Booth  inflict his bizarre sexual proclivities -- -- upon Dorothy.
Include inhaling an unidentified gas  dry humping  and sadomasochism.
Frank is an extremely foul-mouthed  violent sociopath.
Whose orgasmic climax is a fit.
Frank has kidnapped Dorothy s husband and son to force her to perform sexual favors.
A sad and desperate Dorothy tries to seduce Jeffrey again and demands.
When Frank leaves.
He hit her.
She tells him to leave.
When he refuses.
She asks him to stay.
When Jeffrey moves to leave.
He leaves anyway.
Jeffrey relays his experience.
Who tells him of a wonderful dream she had about robins that she interprets as a sign of hope for humanity.
It is clear.
Jeffrey and Sandy are attracted  though Sandy has a boyfriend.
Jeffrey again visits Dorothy s apartment.
She tells him.
Although she knows nothing  she has been yearning for him.
Jeffrey attends another at the Slow Club.
Where she sings the same song.
Jeffrey spots Frank in the audience fondling a piece of blue velvet fabric.
He cut.
Jeffrey follows Frank and spends the next few days spying.
Shortly afterwards  two men exit an industrial building.
Jeffrey calls the Well-Dressed Man and the Yellow Man.
Frank frequently goes.
Jeffrey concludes.
The men are criminal associates.
Jeffrey tells his new findings.
She feels uncomfortable.
Jeffrey immediately visits Dorothy again.
The two have sex.
Though  she pressures him  becoming more emotional.
When he refuses to hit her.
He knocks her backwards and is instantly horrified.
Dorothy derives pleasure.
Afterwards  Frank catches Dorothy and Jeffrey together and forces them both to accompany him.
Who is holding Dorothy s son.
Ben lip-syncs a performance  sending Frank into maudlin sadness  then rage.
Frank takes Jeffrey.
Jeffrey punches him.
When he molests Dorothy.
Frank s cronies drag Jeffrey  intimidates him  and then savagely beats him to the overture of In Dreams.
Jeffrey wakes the next day and walks home  overcome with guilt and despair.
He goes.
Where he notices that Sandy s father s partner is the Yellow Man -- an officer named Lieutenant Detective Gordon.
Later  her father is amazed by Jeffrey s story  but warns Jeffrey to stop his amateur sleuthing.
He endanger himself and the investigation.
Jeffrey and Sandy go together and profess their love  only to be confronted by Sandy s boyfriend.
A confrontation is averted.
When the group finds a naked  battered  and distressed Dorothy.
Barely conscious  Dorothy calls Jeffrey my lover and thus reveals her intimacy.
She later forgives him.
Jeffrey insists and tells Sandy to send the police there  including her father  immediately.
Jeffrey finds Dorothy s husband   as well as the Yellow Man.
Who is dead and identifiable by his missing ear.
Whom Frank has performed a crude lobotomy.
He sees the Well-Dressed Man coming up the stairs and recognizes him.
When Jeffrey tries to leave.
Jeffrey talks  but lies about his location inside the apartment.
Frank enters the apartment and brags.
Jeffrey retrieves the Yellow Man s gun and hides.
Frank searches in the wrong room.
He hid to the apartment.
Frank fires sporadically  killing the Yellow Man.
Jeffrey shoots him.
When he opens the closet door.
Detective Williams  gun drawn  enters.
Jeffrey and Sandy now go ahead and note the unusual appearance of robins in their town.
A montage sequence ends the film.
Shows Dorothy and her son reunited.
<EOS>
Banker Hubert Kingery announces to five fellow officers and embezzled $.
One has forged documents.
Kingery is shot dead.
The evening is over.
The police officially rule it a suicide.
Kingery s daughter Gwen does nt agree and asks from her aunt s nurse  Sarah Keate.
Who suggests her detective boyfriend  Lance OLeary.
OLeary has all and begins his investigation.
Stuck  the suspects and victims begin to pile up.
<EOS>
The trafficking has reached epidemic proportions.
The criminals are nt even getting caught.
The chief of police says.
There s nothing that can be done.
Even.
When one  Yuka  is kidnapped during an attempted sting operation and sold into slavery herself.
Now it s up to break all the rules  steal weapons and armor from their own department  and get Yuka back themselves.
They can only hope.
They wo nt get before it s too late  and that they ll escape the rescue with their jobs.
Their lives.
<EOS>
Alicia Farley flees from her sadistic husband  Captain Farley.
She takes refuge in an inn in Parramatta and forms a relationship with Irish rebel Michael.
Captain Farley tracks her down but she manages to escape.
They both leave the country.
<EOS>
Hopeless has just obtained a diploma from a backstreet ` School of Detection  and is keen to put his new qualification to good use.
Fortuitously  he happens to stumble at the office of a diamond merchant.
Who has just been robbed and assaulted and is being tended.
The police arrive.
They decline his kind offers of help.
Striking out  Cedric becomes convinced.
The robbery was the work.
He takes.
Their plans come unstuck.
When their inept bungling lands them.
However the police  aware  agree to allow them out to act as decoys.
Cedric learns.
Sylvia has been abducted.
He decides to disguise himself and try to infiltrate their hideout and rescue Sylvia.
He and Stiffy finally succeed in freeing Sylvia  unmasking the thieves and uncovering the identity of the elusive Vulture.
<EOS>
An unassuming pet photographer named.
Bryan is thrown when he s forced to marry Croatian bride Masha to pay a debt to her criminal parents against his will.
Masha s father marries her to Bryan to get her a green card.
Bryan can not touch her.
Masha s family friend Brick   follows her and Bryan.
Who is.
She storms off.
It is hinted she hates womanizers.
Feeling bad  the waitress Lani suggests Bryan take Masha to a secret beach encased by a tropical rainforest to make it up to Bryan and Masha.
Masha flees and is kidnapped.
Teasing Bryan.
Bryan finds.
Searching back at the hotel  unaware she has been kidnapped.
His psychotic assistant who is has tracked him down to the resort  bringing condoms  and tries to have sex with Bryan.
Tonya agrees to help find Masha  but tells him.
Bryan says informs her that he does not want to have sex.
She will one day force him to have sex  after trying to have sex with him one more time.
Bryan asks Lani to help.
Brick storms escape off the balcony  leaving Bryan to face Brick s wrath.
Bryan  Lani  and Tonya are making plans.
He infers and hits him.
When Brick finds a condom Tonya had brought.
Bryan was attempting to take Masha s virginity.
Bryan barely escapes.
Brick calls Masha s father back and informs him of Masha s kidnapping  making it sound as if Bryan had been the kidnapper.
Meanwhile  the kidnappers turn out to be two American agents.
Back at the resort   Vadik is enraged and begins to pack to fly.
When Brick tells Masha s father Vadik.
Lani calls her cousin Ernesto to help find Masha.
Brick tries to shoot them.
The entourage makes a hasty escape.
Crashes. 
Deciding to rest at the edge of the village  Ernesto and Tonya kiss passionately  unconcerned of Masha s dire condition.
Lani and Bryan storm off.
Alone  Ernesto and Tonya almost have sex.
Brick soon shows up and knocks them out  revealing.
Brick is.
Separated  Lani and Bryan obliviously go.
Masha escapes her prison and finds Bryan.
Who is crazily driving a Jeep stolen after he tried to kill Bryan.
Bryan and Masha crash the Jeep.
Erupts  and make an escape on foot.
Finding a canoe  they outrun the three culprits and find a friendly welcoming old-time village.
Masha and Bryan have sex for the first time.
The next morning  they awake.
The two agents and Brick find the village the next morning.
Brick and the lovers battle.
Lani and Ernesto show up  catching Brick off guard.
As Brick is ready to kill Bryan.
Masha  using the distraction  shoots Brick.
He falls  taking Bryan with him.
Masha is  terrified with the thought.
She killed Bryan too.
Bryan appears  unharmed.
They are reunited.
Vadik gives Bryan his blessing to marry Masha.
He denies.
Masha  heartbroken  continues her old life taking dance lessons.
One night  she finds Bryan outside ready to propose to her.
He changed his mind.
The film ends.
The crowd applauds.
They kiss.
` You May Not Kiss the Bride  Official Facebook Page.
<EOS>
The students are dressing on the morning of St.
Valentine s Day .
Miranda  Irma  Marion  Rosamund  waifish Sara  and outsider Edith read poetry and Valentine s Day cards.
The group prepares.
Jittery teacher Miss Lumley advises Sara.
She is not allowed to attend.
Driven  the party pass through and arrive at the Rock by.
Mr Hussey notes.
His watch has stopped  as has the watch of Miss McGraw.
De Poitiers  Miranda  Marion and Irma decide to explore Hanging Rock and take measurements.
The group is observed several minutes later.
Who is lunching.
The group lies on the ground  apparently dazed by the sun.
Miss McCraw  still  stares up.
Miranda  Marion  and Irma awake and move.
Edith screams and flees down the Rock.
The distraught and hysterical party eventually returns.
Where Mlle.
De Poitiers explains.
Miss McGraw has been left behind.
Sara notes the absence.
Mr Hussy explains.
Miranda  Irma  Marion  and Miss McGraw went missing.
A search party  led.
Bumpher and Constable Jones  finds nothing.
Edith reveals that she witnessed Miss McGraw climbing the Rock.
Michael Fitzhubert is questioned and reveals.
He watched the schoolgirls but can provide no clues.
Michael becomes obsessed  and  with Albert  he conducts another search of Hanging Rock.
Michael decides to remain overnight and begins climbing again the next day  leaving a trail of paper.
He finds a nearly delirious Michael.
When Albert follows the markers.
Michael passes to Albert a fragment of lace from a dress.
Albert returns and discovers Irma  unconscious but alive.
The residents become restless as news of the discovery spreads.
Irma is treated for dehydration and exposure  and tells the police and Mlle.
De Poitiers she has no memory.
What happened.
A servant notes but is advised.
Irma s corset is missing.
It is not important.
Michael befriends the recovered Irma but alienates her.
When he demands to know what happened.
Mrs Appleyard advises Miss Lumley.
Several parents have withdrawn their children.
Irma visits her classmates a final time.
They become hysterical and demand to know.
What happened.
Mlle.
De Poitiers intervenes.
She also notices.
Sara has been strapped by Mrs Appleyard to correct her posture.
That night  Miss Lumley gives notice Mrs Appleyard.
She is resigning.
Mrs Appleyard tells Sara.
As her guardian has not paid her tuition  Sara must return.
The next day  Mrs Appleyard lies.
Sara s guardian collected her early that morning.
The next day  Sara s body is found by Mr Whitehead  the school gardener.
Believing Sara committed suicide  Whitehead confronts Mrs Appleyard.
Who is calm.
Michael tells Albert.
He has decided to travel north.
Sgt.
Bumpher states.
The body was found at the base of Hanging Rock and that the search for the missing school girls and their mistress continued sporadically for several years without success.
<EOS>
Haley Graham is a rebellious.
Who has a run-in and is forced by a judge to return to the regimented world of competitive gymnastics.
Haley was once considered one.
She made it.
She walked out in the middle of the finals  costing the American team the gold medal and leaving many people hurt and crushed  making her one of the most hated people in gymnastics.
Haley goes Vickerman Gymnastics Academy  her ultimate nightmare  run by legendary coach Burt Vickerman.
Haley has a talk.
Who convinces her to take up the sport once again - at least until she can enter an upcoming invitational competition.
Vickerman convinces her.
She can use the prize money.
Disliking the sport s rigid rules and intense training schedule  Haley is reluctant to come out.
Her attitude causes conflicts.
Haley realizes.
What she is up.
Haley s talent shines and her return from gymnastics retirement seems for the better.
But all is not.
What it seems.
She starts to remember one.
She retired - the flaws.
The panels do not look nor do  they merely take deductions for unimportant minor errors.
They look.
It does nt matter.
Haley Graham says.
Well you do.
It s.
Well you follow their rules.
Haley is severely stressed by her dominating mother.
Who has arrived to watch the meet.
Her conduct has not been forgotten by the other athletes.
They treat her.
Haley finally breaks down and  in a repeat of the World Championships  leaves the arena before completing the competition.
She reveals to Vickerman the reason  she had just discovered.
She leaves.
She walked out.
Her mother was having an affair.
Her parents were divorcing.
Haley continues to train and   qualifies for the National Championships.
She did not complete the invitational.
The biased judging leaves her far back.
This does not keep her out.
Mina executes an extremely difficult maneuver perfectly but receives a low score.
He learns.
When Vickerman questions the judges.
Mina was deducted.
Haley is next up  however   she shows her bra strap to the judges and forfeits her turn in disgust.
The other gymnasts follow suit  earning a string and forcing the judges to award Mina the vault gold medal anyway.
Haley s bold action sparks a movement.
The gymnasts talk and realize.
If they could choose the winner  the judging would be fair.
They convince all the others  choosing one person from each event.
Who they deem the best to be the winner.
The winner completes her routine  the others jump on and off the apparatus and scratch.
Bra is not continuously out.
It seems.
The movement will be ruined when Trisha Skilken  a long-time judges  favorite  arrives and threatens the choice.
Trisha finally comes  and realizes.
Scratching is to make a point.
What started out.
A gymnastics competition turns.
Her talents are recognized once more.
Her future seems to be set.
<EOS>
S&M Hunter is an anti-hero super genius.
Whose specialty is tying up women to tame them.
His boyfriend asks S&M Hunter.
When the all-girl gang  The Bombers kidnap a man to use.
S&M Hunter accepts the mission to defeat the gang.
<EOS>
Cheng is a Chinese man.
Who has moved to live with his uncle.
He works.
A bag falls out.
When a block is accidentally broken.
Several are asked to stay to see the manager.
Who tells them there are better jobs.
The factory is really a front.
They are killed.
When they refuse to cooperate.
Their bodies disposed.
Two more cousins  Hsu Chien and Ah Pei  go.
They realize.
He is hiding something and try to inform the police.
Hsiao Mi has them killed.
They riot.
When the men realize two more men have gone missing.
To ease tensions  the Big Boss now makes Cheng a foreman  providing him.
He breaks and finds his cousins  bodies.
When one tells Cheng the truth.
He is discovered.
Cheng fights his way out  killing the Big Boss s son Hsiao Chiun.
He finds.
When he returns home.
His entire family has been murdered.
He exacts revenge.
He then surrenders.
Who arrive shortly after he has disposed.
<EOS>
Set  a down-on-his-luck Chinese boxer named.
Bo Chin accepts promise to marry a Hong Kong woman named Jade Lee so she can get Canadian citizenship.
They realize too late.
They have been set up.
<EOS>
Chicago DEA agent John Hatcher has just returned.
Where his partner Chico was killed.
John killed the dealers.
Who killed Chico.
John has decided to retire.
One night  John and his friend Max  a local high school football team s head coach  go.
A gun fight breaks out.
A Jamaican gang called the Jamaican Posse.
Whose leader is a drug kingpin known.
Hatcher arrests one ends.
The next day  Screwface and some get revenge by shooting up the house.
John  his sister Melissa  and Melissa s 12-year-old daughter Tracey live in.
Tracey gets shot and is hospitalized.
Hatcher encounters.
A gangster named Jimmy Fingers and unsuccessfully tries to get him to tell him where Screwface might be and is forced to kill him.
Another Jamaican named.
Nesta arrives.
Hatcher is able to sit him down but Nesta tells him to go alone and jumps out the window to his death.
John finds the blood symbol used during the murders vandalized on a carpet the next day and gets information about it from a Jamaican voodoo and gang expert named Leslie.
When asked what happened.
Who works part time.
Hatcher comes out to join Max in a battle against Screwface.
Melissa makes a phone call but is cut short.
John is.
When Screwface and his men invade to murder Melissa.
They leave.
The next day  Hatcher and Max get during a car chase.
The fight moves.
The duo kill all three men there.
Hatcher now realizes.
The only way to stop the Jamaican Posse is to bring down Screwface.
The two team up  a Jamaican Chicago police officer.
Who has been trailing Screwface.
They gather all the weaponry.
They need to find Screwface.
Max and Charles ask everyone in the streets for the location of Screwface s hideout.
They meet a local Jamaican.
Who presents them a photo.
Hatcher meets her.
She gives the address.
The woman also gives Seagal s character  stating.
The secret is that him have two heads and four eyes.
Hatcher  Max and Charles head for Screwface s mansion.
Where there is a party.
They secretly infiltrate the premises.
Hatcher guns down three and goes to a nearby power station and plants a bomb.
He infiltrates the inner grounds.
Max and Charles monitor the activities.
Hatcher detonates the bomb causing the party to erupt.
Hatcher enters the building and disposes every henchmen.
He finds a sacrificial area and is captured.
Hatcher is able to break free and kills every henchmen.
He kicks dust to Screwface and puts the sword to Screwface s genitals and decapitates him.
Back  Hatcher displays Screwface s severed head to the Jamaican Posse to get them to leave town.
However  Screwface s identical twin brother  believe.
Who runs the Chicago Posse crime business arrives and kills Charles making the gang and the audience.
Screwface returned where in fact he actually committed all the Screwface crimes in Chicago  such as trying to murder Hatcher and his sister.
The meeting erupts on the duo.
Hatcher kills more gang members.
Max holds off the henchmen.
The fight moves.
Where Hatcher kills Screwface s brother.
The gang looks.
The Screwface s dead are presumed to be arrested.
The final scene shows Hatcher carrying Charles  body next to him.
Who was shot before the film ends with Jimmy Cliff s John Crow in the credits.
<EOS>
The British naval vessel HMS Avenger impresses a crewman according to the Rights of War from the merchant ship The Rights Of Man.
The new crewman  Billy Budd  is considered naive.
They attempt to indoctrinate him.
But Budd s steadfast optimism is impenetrable.
When he is asked to critique the horrible gruel the crew must eat  he offers It s hot.
And there s a lot.
I like everything except the flavor.
His attempts are unsuccessful.
Budd manages to enchant the crew.
Claggart is cruel and unrepentant  a man  savaging them.
Who believes he must control the crew.
They can prey.
He reveals his mistrust.
When Budd confronts him.
Budd  It s wrong to flog a man.
It s.
Claggart  The sea is calm.
You said.
Peaceful.
Calm above  but.
Murderers  all.
Only the strongest teeth survive.
Who s to tell me it s any different here  or yonder on dry land.
He then brings his charges.
Budd becomes a target.
Claggart has no reason to implicate Budd.
Billy represents everything that Claggart despises  humility  innocence  and trust.
Vere summons both Claggart and Budd.
The accused is unable to find the words to respond.
When Claggart makes his false charges that Budd is a conspirator.
He strikes Claggart  killing him.
Captain Vere assembles a.
Vere and all the other officers are fully aware of Budd s simplicity and Claggart s evil.
The captain is also torn to his station.
Vere intervenes.
He argues  Budd s superior  not to mention killing him.
The defendant must be found guilty.
His arguments to pursue the letter succeed.
Budd is convicted.
Condemned to be hanged  Budd takes care to wear his good shoes.
God bless Captain Vere.
The crew is on the verge of mutiny over the incident.
Vere can only stare off.
A French vessel appears and commences cannon fire.
As the crew is to be fired.
The crew eventually returns fire.
HMS Avenger fends off the attack.
A piece of the ship s rigging falls on Vere  killing him in an act of poetic justice.
<EOS>
The film starts out.
We are introduced.
The scene transcends.
New York has a diseased  rotten  tough and violent atmosphere.
Michael s Italian father  Angelo Angie Corleone  is a struggling mafioso.
Who frequently cheats.
The couple constantly bicker and try to kill each other.
Michael ambles.
Unemployed  he dabbles  artistically feeding off the grubbiness of his environment.
He regularly hangs out.
Where he gets free drinks.
One named.
Snowflake  a nymphomaniac transvestite  gets beat up.
Shorty throws.
The drunk out and the bar s white manager abusively confronts Carole.
Fed up quits.
Shorty offers to let Carole stay.
Not wanting to get involved  Carole tells Shorty.
She s staying  and that they ve been secretly tight for a long time.
Michael is turned.
This relationship also arouses his father s racist fury  as well as the jealousy.
Michael and Carole decide to move out and try to earn enough money to move to California.
Order to avoid Shorty.
Michael gets a chance to pitch a comic strip idea.
Who seems enthusiastic enough to listen.
Michael s story is too much.
He dies.
Meanwhile  Carole tries to work.
Michael acting  tries to pass her off as the fourth Andrews Sister.
A quick flash gives an old man a heart attack.
Carole gets fired.
Meanwhile  Angie tries to use his Mafia connections to put a murder contract out for disgracing the family by dating a black woman.
The Godfather refuses to do this.
The hit is personal  not business.
However  Shorty eventually meets up  and agrees to do the contract.
Michael and Carole turn as a means of getting by  with Carole taking the role of a prostitute.
Carole flirts  and brings him to a hotel room.
Where Michael beats him.
The two walk out.
Just then  Shorty shows up and shoots Michael.
The bullet is seen going.
We see a kaleidoscope before throwing back to the live action story.
The real Michael destroys a pinball machine.
It tilts  and walks out  and follows her into the park.
The two are seen briefly arguing.
They finally take each others hands and begin dancing.
<EOS>
The southernmost tip  in Argentina near to the Straits of Magellan  is an interesting place  with some of the roughest seas in the world.
It s a good location.
A British corporation has purchased property to build an airport.
However  holding up plans is a stubborn Irish rancher.
Who wo nt sell his land.
He fences in his two late-teenaged children.
Order to fight the proposed plans.
Eva Logan is particularly frustrated.
It prevents any romantic options she has.
<EOS>
In a small British town  three little girls are playing tea party.
Suddenly they look up and see something.
Then the three girls get up and walk.
Where they jump out.
A penniless lawyer and the widowed father of four-year-old Joseph  is charged by his office to obtain the paperwork with - the bleak  isolated and desolate Eel Marsh House.
To sell a large manor.
Arthur s boss warns him.
He is hesitant to leave his son alone.
If he fails to complete his duty he will lose his job.
Arthur is treated coldly and is barely able to get a room for the night.
He meets a kind local man named Samuel Daily and his wife Elisabeth.
Who allow him to stay.
Arthur visits his legal contact  Mr Jerome.
Who hurries him off  telling him to return to London.
Instead  Arthur pays the coachman to take him.
Where he feels he will be able to more thoroughly complete his work.
Footsteps and finally a brief appearance dressed in black.
There he is distracted.
Arthur then hears a commotion  and runs out only to find his coachman waiting for him.
Three children come.
Arthur reports the incident.
Who had just drank lye.
She subsequently collapses and dies.
That night  Sam reveals.
He and his wife lost their son.
Elisabeth - - carves a figure.
Who has lost her mind.
She is sedated.
The next day Arthur decides to stay the night to finish his work  and discovers letters from Alice Drablow  the home s recently deceased owner  and her mentally disturbed sister Jennet Humfrye.
Jennet claims.
Alice stole her son Nathaniel away and demands to let her see him.
It is revealed.
The boy drowned and that Jennet blamed Alice before killing herself.
Toys begin making noise upstairs.
Where Arthur witnesses the spirits in Black and a mud-covered Nathaniel.
The next day  Arthur learns.
The deaths are the work.
Elisabeth then indicates.
Joseph  who is being brought by his nanny the next day  is a target for the Woman in Black.
Arthur decides to reunite Nathaniel and Jennet by finding Nathaniel s body in the marsh with Sam s help.
They place his body.
Where Jennet finds him lying.
It appears.
She is satisfied.
However  she is unable to hold him.
Because he does nt feel the same connection.
Arthur and Sam then place Jennet s son before covering it back up.
The next night  Joseph and Arthur are reunited and intend.
Joseph slips away.
Arthur and Sam are busy talking.
Arthur soon notices the Woman on the other side of the station.
Joseph walking tracks under her command.
It becomes apparent.
The curse will never be lifted.
Arthur leaps.
Sam looks on.
Arthur calls out  but he and the nanny are gone.
It passes.
Everything is dark.
Joseph asks.
Who s that lady.
Stella Kipps takes the hand.
The family disappears.
Jennet  silently sobbing  looks with envy.
Her face slowly pivots.
As the film ends.
The screen turns.
<EOS>
16-year-old Kellin Taylor suffers.
He has not had a seizure and is visiting the nation s most praised doctor.
He has been neglecting school work.
This upsets his parents.
Who are disappointed consideridering the joy they experienced months earlier when they could enroll Kellin.
He is assigned to a tutor student  Susie Fratelli.
Whom he immediately falls with.
Susie takes a liking in him as well  and invites him to jog with her the next morning.
All these new adjustments cause him to have another epileptic seizure.
The next day  Susie is initially upset.
He did not show up.
Kellin reluctantly informs her.
Susie is not scared off.
He suspected.
They grow even closer.
Dr Tobin is worried.
The drugs have no effect.
He tells Kellin s father Thad.
An experimental brain surgery could be the only solution.
Thad fears and opposes to it.
Kellin finds out and gets mad at his parents for not having informed him.
Kellin is interested in the operation  and continues proceedings without his parents  support.
Topping this  he considers suing his parents.
Would enable him to decide for himself to have the operation.
They contact an expert.
When Thad and Meg find out that they have been filed suit.
Who informs them that although the operation could stop the seizure  other seizures could make a way.
Meanwhile  Kellin is advised.
Virginia Hagan to move out during trial.
The trial and its press attention tear up the family  prompting Kellin to listen and move in with her.
Though feeling guilty that all this affects his little brother Harvey as well.
The case causes Thad to be transferred.
Harvey feels ignored.
Furthermore  Kellin starts to have second thoughts and has his first epileptic seizure in front of Susie.
Virginia calls for Eli Rhodes  a former epileptic patient.
Who underwent surgery successfully.
Kellin is inspired and now wants to continue the operation.
He becomes intimate with Susie for the first time.
Judge Rosenstiel decides to give content.
They give up the personal war and decide to support him during surgery.
Though Thad and Meg are disappointed.
Surgery proves difficult and lasts.
A successful outcome is the result.
Kellin awakes  surrounded.
<EOS>
Axel has a dream.
Who catches a rare halibut and brings it back.
Axel s cousin Paul coaxes Axel.
His uncle tries to persuade him to stay permanently and take over the family business.
Axel resists.
He decides to give it a try.
He encounters two strange women  Elaine  a woman  and her stepdaughter Grace.
Who always had a dream.
Who is jealous and dreams of killing herself and being reincarnated as a turtle.
Axel starts lusting and decides to help make her dreams come true.
Grace starts destroying the contraption.
He and Elaine build the machine day.
Axel then rebuilds.
Leo and Paul arrive.
Elaine threatens them.
Axel and Elaine complete the machine and test it.
It crashes.
Axel then decides to put both Elaine and Grace out  but ca nt go through with it.
Grace has the idea to play Russian Roulette.
Axel is scared.
He pulls the trigger multiple times.
The gun does nt fire.
Axel  Elaine  and Grace come.
He decides to play Cary Grant s role by Northwest with the famous crop duster scene.
Paul receives the score.
Leo s fiancee then approaches them to say.
There s something wrong.
Axel realizes and calls an ambulance.
Leo is dying.
Leo passes away.
The day a few months later  Axel and Paul finally come back to Elaine and Grace s house.
Elaine is mad for not contacting her but forgives him.
Elaine is given an airplane as a present.
The four celebrate Elaine s birthday  but are interrupted by a storm.
Grace remains outside to free her turtles  telling them to Go play  Axel goes upstairs to wrap the presents.
The others dry off inside.
Where she gives Axel a globe  telling him that she wants him to have the world.
Axel tells Grace.
Elaine has changed and that he is not any more.
He makes a promise to go to Alaska.
Axel  Elaine  Grace  and Paul talk.
They want to die.
Grace says and walks upstairs  dressing herself with a veil.
She s going to sleep.
Axel and Elaine see her and run outside in an attempt to stop her.
She walks outside.
Grace shoots herself.
A lightning bolt destroys Elaine s airplane.
Sometime Axel breaks into Uncle Leo s abandoned Cadillac store at night and goes to sleep on top of a Cadillac with a cat.
Has just had her litter.
The film ends as Eskimos in Axel s dream.
They catch the halibut and discuss it.
It flies into the sunrise.
<EOS>
An elderly woman describes.
Where snow comes  by telling her the story of a young man named Edward  who has scissors for hands  the creation of an inventor.
The inventor s final result was a humanlike young boy.
Who had everything.
The inventor had a heart attack and died while.
Many years was created  local Avon saleswoman Peg Boggs visits the Gothic mansion on the hill.
Where Edward lives.
There  she finds Edward alone  and decides to take him.
Edward becomes friends.
He later falls with the Boggs  teenage daughter  Kim.
Peg s neighbors are impressed.
Two named.
Esmeralda and Kim s boyfriend  Jim  immediately dislike him.
Joyce  a housewife  suggests.
Edward open a hair-cutting salon.
She attempts to seduce him  causing Edward to leave in a state of panic.
Examining a proposed site.
Wanting money  Jim takes advantage of Edward s ability to pick locks  and breaks into his parents  house.
The burglar alarm sounds.
Everyone escapes  despite Kim s angry insistence.
They return.
Edward is arrested and released.
When a psychological examination reveals that his isolation allowed him to live.
Meanwhile  infuriated  Joyce exacts revenge by claiming.
He tried to rape her.
This  added  causes many of the neighbors to question his personality and ruin his popular reputation.
Edward is feared by almost everyone around him except the Boggs family  resulting in him and the family becoming outcasts.
Edward creates an angel ice sculpture.
The family is setting up Christmas decorations.
The shavings create an effect.
Kim dances.
Jim calls out  distracting her.
Edward accidentally cuts her hand.
Jim says and attacks him.
Edward had intentionally harmed her.
Edward runs away  tearing the clothes.
Peg gave him  and wanders the neighborhood.
Kim  fed up  breaks up with him.
He goes.
He returns.
Peg and Bill search.
Kim greets him.
Edward pushes him out  but cuts his face  causing witnesses to think.
When Kevin is almost run over.
He was attacking him.
Edward flees and the worried and concerned neighbors follow.
When the police arrive.
Kim runs with Edward.
Jim follows them and brutally attacks Edward.
Who does not retaliate until Jim slaps and pushes Kim.
Edward stabs Jim and pushes him away  causing him to fall out of a window to his death.
Kim confesses her love and shares a kiss with him.
They say goodbye.
Returning downstairs  Kim lies.
Edward and Jim killed each other.
She tells them.
The roof caved in and shows them a disembodied scissor-hand similar to Edward s.
Shocked  the neighbors return to their homes.
The elderly woman finishes telling her granddaughter the story  saying.
She never saw Edward again.
She chose not to visit him.
She wanted him to remember her the way she was.
She also reveals and can never age.
Edward is still alive  seemingly immortal since he is artificial.
He creates snow.
Falls below.
She tells her granddaughter.
Sometimes you can still catch me dancing.
A flashback is shown dancing under the snow falling from the angel ice sculpture above her.
Edward creates more ice sculptures.
<EOS>
Aging prizefighters and longtime pals Cesar Dominguez and Vince Boudreau always regretted not getting one last shot.
Such an opportunity comes their way.
It is to fight each other.
Boxing promoter Joe Domino has a problem.
The fighters scheduled to be  a preliminary to a main event featuring heavyweight Mike Tyson  suddenly become unavailable at the last minute.
He needs replacements fast  so a call is made to see.
Dominguez and Boudreau would be willing to step.
The boxers negotiate one condition.
The winner will be given a chance to fight.
Domino agrees.
The untrustworthy promoter is not necessarily a man.
Cesar and Vince have only a day to get.
They decide to drive rather than fly  so they call to drive them in her lime green Oldsmobile.
Grace is a former love interest.
Grace s own plan is to pitch her various money-making ideas like hotel and casino boss Hank Goody and raise venture capital.
They pick up a hitchhiker.
Whose insults finally result.
The fight is sparsely attended  ringside fans and celebrities remaining uninterested until the night s main event.
Cesar and Vince mix it up so savagely  however  beating each other.
Fans begin paying more and more attention.
Do commentators.
Cesar and Vince are paid off  but promptly spend most.
When the action-packed and dramatic bout comes.
Grace  too  comes away bruised and.
<EOS>
A group   are hired to raise the famous Belfast-built ocean liner RMS Titanic from the North Atlantic.
None of whom have any experience.
They hope to obtain a rare mineral.
The US Armed Forces can use.
The Soviet Union also wants to salvage the vast ship.
They claim they own the rare mineral.
<EOS>
Mr Stevens  the butler of Darlington Hall  receives a letter from Miss Kenton.
Who worked as housekeeper during the years prior to the Second World War.
Twenty years later  Lord Darlington has died.
His stately country manor has been sold.
Kenton reveals.
Her marriage has failed and that she is nostalgic when she worked at the house.
Stevens goes to visit Miss Kenton  ostensibly to persuade her to return.
The film flashes back as housekeeper.
Darlington Hall was frequented by many politicians of the interwar period  men.
Who decided important affairs while there.
Stevens  loyal and perfectionistic  calm and efficient  had to manage the household.
That the servants seemed almost invisible.
He took great pride.
He clashed  but displayed only understated irritation with her and others.
Indeed  his utter focus and emotional repression were most fully displayed  Stevens continued his duties.
When his own father  also an employee  was dying.
Miss Kenton was equally efficient and strong-willed but warmer and less repressed.
Relations eventually warmed and Kenton even teased Stevens.
It becomes clear.
She had fallen with him  and perhaps he with her.
His feelings are left ambiguous.
She tried to break.
Stevens  coldness was too formidable.
Finally  she struck up a relationship and married him  leaving the house just before the outbreak of World War II.
She insulted Stevens  clearly out of distress.
He had never expressed any emotional interest.
He still refused to be moved.
The only response was to call her attention.
When she cried.
He could muster.
Lord Darlington used his influence to broker the policy towards Nazi Germany  based on his belief.
Germany had been unfairly treated.
Most were like-minded British and European aristocrats.
The exception was the American Congressman Lewis  depicted and much more worldly than other dignitaries.
He eventually lost patience and argued in favour of the foreign policy being conducted by professionals rather than by gentlemen amateurs.
Lord Darlington commanded  considering their employment inappropriate.
Two German-Jewish maids should be dismissed.
Stevens carried out the order.
Miss Kenton almost resigned  fearing  her own need for employment caused her to avoid following through.
The girls would have to return.
Darlington later regretted his decision and asked Stevens to reinstate the maids.
They could not be located.
Darlington died a broken man  his reputation destroyed.
He had been denounced a traitor.
Stevens at first denies having served or even met him but later admits.
When asked.
He recognizes his former master s failings and indicates.
He has regrets.
However  Kenton declines Stevens  offer to return  announcing instead.
She wants to remain.
Their daughter is soon to present them.
Stevens departs for Darlington Hall in a downpour of rain.
Kenton cries.
Stevens  still unable to demonstrate any feeling  simply raises his hat.
The film s final scene shows Stevens making the final preparations.
Congressman Lewis reflects.
The two men enter the banquet hall  where a table tennis table now lies.
He attended in 1935 and admits embarrassment over his comments.
He asks Stevens.
He remembers the comments  to which Stevens replies that he was too busy serving.
Symbolically  a pigeon then flies through the fireplace and becomes trapped in the hall.
The two men eventually coax it.
It flees  leaving Stevens and Darlington Hall behind.
<EOS>
Johnny Eager masquerades.
J.
Verne.
He is the ruthless head of a powerful gambling syndicate.
Verne introduces him to socialite Lisbeth Liz Bard  a sociology student.
Johnny and Liz are attracted.
Then he discovers.
She is the stepdaughter.
Farrell was responsible for sending Johnny to prison  and now as the district attorney  he has gotten an injunction preventing Johnny s expensive dog racing track from opening.
Johnny decides to use Liz against her stepfather.
He has Julio  one  burst in and pretend to try to kill him.
When she comes to see him.
Julio drops his gun.
Lisbeth picks it up and shoots Julio.
When he seems to have the upper hand.
Johnny then hustles her out.
Julio s blood is actually ketchup.
Later  Johnny threatens to expose her.
Farrell removes the injunction.
Farrell gives in.
Johnny is depicted without a conscience.
Johnny murders him.
When childhood friend Lew Rankin gets fed up and starts plotting against him.
He lies to get her to go to Florida.
He romances Liz.
Mae  a prior girlfriend  asks him to help get her incorruptible policeman husband transferred back.
His long commute is straining their marriage.
Johnny not only lies  claiming  he also hides the fact.
He no longer has any influence.
He got the man transferred because he would not look the other way.
He offers Johnny all his money to leave the country and take Liz.
When Jimmy Courtney  Liz s high society former boyfriend  becomes alarmed because Liz is going.
Johnny can not figure out his angle.
He would do such a selfless thing.
The only soft spot Johnny seems to have is for his intellectual  alcoholic right hand man  Jeff Hartnett.
Even he is not sure why.
Jeff has an insight  telling his boss.
Even Johnny Eager has to have one friend.
However   he discovers the meaning for the first time in his life.
When Johnny learns that Liz intends to turn herself.
He confesses.
He staged the whole incident.
She does not believe him.
To prove his claim  he decides to produce a live Julio.
Julio has defected.
Johnny manages to bring Julio.
He kills Halligan and Julio  but is himself shot down after his shift.
Who turns out to be Mae s husband.
<EOS>
Walter Burns is a hard-boiled editor.
Who learns his ex-wife and former star reporter  Hildegard Hildy Johnson  is about to marry bland insurance man Bruce Baldwin and settle down.
Walter determines to sabotage these plans  enticing the reluctant Hildy to cover one last story  the upcoming execution.
Walter does everything.
He can to keep Hildy  including setting Bruce up so he gets arrested over and over again on trumped-up charges.
He even kidnaps Hildy s stern.
The lure proves too much for her.
When Williams escapes and practically falls into Hildy s lap.
She is so consumed.
She hardly notices as Bruce realizes his cause is hopeless and returns.
The crooked mayor and sheriff need the publicity  so  they try to bribe the man to go away and return later.
When a messenger brings them a reprieve.
When it will be too late.
Walter and Hildy find out just.
Afterward  Walter offers to remarry Hildy  promising to take her.
They never had.
Then Walter learns.
There is a newsworthy strike  which is on the way to Niagara Falls by train.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Several are recorded and asked a series of questions about why they dance.
The film then cuts.
Moose is majoring after promising his father.
He would not dance anymore.
He sees a pair.
Touring the campus.
Moose follows the shoes and then accidentally stumbles.
Where he beats Kid Darkness.
Luke takes him back.
Luke shows Moose the House.
Where he later teams up to compete in the World Jam dance contest against their rivals  the House of Samurai dance crew.
But then  Jacob  a member  informs Luke.
The warehouse will be put up if the overdue rents are not made.
Luke meets.
A girl named Natalie and quickly takes notice of her dancing abilities  enlisting her to become part of his crew.
However  he is unaware.
Moose finds his time to be increasingly tighter.
He has to choose and dance many times  including once.
When his test clashes.
He decides to go  but.
Receiving an angry message  he decides to ditch the test and rushes to the competition in the nick of time.
Luke and Natalie become increasingly close.
The movie progresses.
They share many intimate moments.
Luke explains his true intentions.
Yet  Natalie is hiding the fact.
Her brother is Julien the leader  House of Samurai  and lies about everything but the love connection between her and Luke.
Natalie faces a hard decision torn.
She confronts Luke and asks.
What happened.
He says.
Julien was a member.
He had a gambling problem.
He once put a wager and then threw away a battle  so the Pirates kicked him out.
She decides to leave Luke.
However  Julien uses her phone to invite Luke.
Luke asks Moose to attend the party   they are not permitted to enter.
He wants a friend  but because they have no invitation.
They find a way to get in  Luke sees Natalie.
They dance tango.
Julien takes the chance to appear and reveals Natalie s identity.
They are having an intimate moment.
Luke is angry.
He finds.
When Luke arrives back.
It is foreclosed.
Angry for not being a better leader  he exclaims.
The House is over.
The crew members go their separate ways.
Meanwhile  Moose and Camille are best friends.
Moose does not seem to see.
Camille is.
The two fall out.
Moose lies to Camille.
She feels.
He can not talk anymore.
Camille feels she misses him and feels.
Moose does not have time anymore and tells him.
He does not miss her at all.
Moose tells Camille.
He misses dancing but misses her more and that she is his best friend.
The two make up by dancing to a remix of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers.
Camille tells Moose.
He can never give up dancing as he was born to do it.
Moose then helps out Luke.
They then discover.
The former members who left earlier are now performing.
They also find out Julien  but says  they can have it back.
Is buying their warehouse.
They throw the battle.
They do not take the offer.
Natalie helps Luke to win the World Jam with the routine.
They had practiced.
She invites him to come to California.
He does  meeting her at the train station and kissing her just as Moose kisses Camille.
Luke gives Moose a pair of Limited Edition Gun Metal Nike Dunks.
He saw  symbolizing that he has been left in charge of the group.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Ellen loses control with an abandoned car on the side of the road.
Driving. 
She finds a trail.
When checking to see if the other driver is all right.
She encounters a deformed serial killer known as Moonface  dragging the driver of the other vehicle.
Narrowly escaping him  Ellen flees  with Moonface following her trail.
Is shown receiving training from her survivalist husband Bruce  training her with both weapons and guerrilla tactics.
She attempts to use these skills several times  but is still captured by the killer  taken to his workshop deep in the forest on a ridge overlooking a large waterfall.
She encounters the delusional Buddy  apparently insane but seemingly unharmed by Moonface.
He speaks cryptically.
Shortly thereafter the killer comes downstairs  turning.
Police sirens begin sounding.
Various lights begin flashing.
Lifting the other woman  he uses a drill press to remove both of her eyes.
Buddy talks Ellen into picking the lock on the chains binding her with a sharp object.
Had been jabbed.
Buddy   suddenly stands up and began shouting.
Who seemed to be tied up.
Ellen is free.
Moonface returns.
Ellen attacks Moonface and Buddy.
She runs upstairs.
Where she is again attacked.
This time manages to overpower Moonface and knock him.
Looking out  she sees him dangling  hanging above the waterfall.
She watches.
The fabric rips  turning away as he finally falls.
Finding a gun  belt and boots  she leaves.
Returning  she opens her trunk to reveal the body of her dead husband.
It is revealed.
Her husband had raped her anally.
Taking his body  she removes his eyes and strings him up in the front yard in the same manner as Moonface s other victims.
Shoots Buddy  mimicking Moonface s shh gesture before killing him.
<EOS>
Jerry - wanted for cheese rustlin  - steals a wedge of cheese from the general store.
The sheriff hires the Fastest Trap.
When the furious shopkeeper demands action.
This turns out to be Tom.
Who arrives.
He crashes and gets a finger caught in his own mousetrap while displaying his quick-draw skills  but gets the job anyway.
Tom and Jerry meet.
His belt and pants fall down  giving Jerry time to escape.
When Tom draws his traps.
Tom reaches in to grab him.
Jerry puts a bag - too big to fit through the hole - into his hand.
Jerry opens up a trick entrance and hits Tom over the head with a mallet.
Tom tries to yank it out.
He then runs  with Tom getting his head caught in its batwing doors before chasing him into the basement.
Tom tries to shoot Jerry.
Jerry tricks him.
That he tumbles.
Jerry hits the lights and shoots Tom instead.
Another chase ensues.
Tom baits a trap and slides it in.
Jerry dives.
Jerry catches Tom s tail  sending him screaming back to town.
Finally  Tom brings out a barrel  intending to blow up Jerry s hole.
Jerry bores a hole.
He lights the fuse and rolls the barrel away.
Trickles out.
Tom dumps the barrel into a watering hole near the sheriff s office  dousing the powder trail.
The still-lit fuse sets off the powder and destroys the office.
The singed sheriff starts shooting and runs him out of town.
Jerry steals the last wedge from the general store.
<EOS>
Jaron struggles to work.
Order to settle the obligations.
He meets Balery  a.
Who wants to place an ad.
She seeks an accomplice to help her rob a regular client.
She particularly dislikes.
Jaron decides to take up the offer himself.
Meanwhile  Wes whores out his girlfriend Chantel.
Order to make enough money to buy her an engagement ring just to shut her up.
Wes gets violently upset.
When he discovers she s been performing lurid sex acts just to make the extra money he wants.
Two intimately close high school girls Melody and Courtney play flirtatious games to improve their grades  without realizing the violent dangers.
Their teasing could lead.
<EOS>
Giuliana is walking with her young son  Valerio  towards the petrochemical plant managed by her husband  Ugo.
Passing workers  Giuliana nervously and impulsively purchases a half-eaten sandwich.
Who are.
They are surrounded.
Create inhuman images and sounds.
Ugo is talking with a visiting business associate  Corrado Zeller.
Who is looking.
Ugo and Corrado converse comfortably.
Ugo tells Corrado.
His wife  Giuliana  had a recent auto accident.
She has not been right mentally.
She was physically unhurt.
That night  Giuliana becomes highly agitated and fearful over a dream.
She had about sinking.
Ugo is unable to calm her or understand.
What she s experiencing.
Attracted  Corrado visits her at an empty shop and talks about his life and the restless nature of his existence.
She s planning to open.
She accompanies him.
She indirectly reveals details.
She tells him.
When she was  she met a young woman patient who was advised by her doctors to find someone or something to love -- a husband  a son  a job  even a dog.
She speaks  sinking  always on the verge of drowning.
There was no ground  like she was sliding down a slope.
They travel.
Where Corrado hopes to recruit a top worker.
Surrounded  Giuliana seems lost in her loneliness and isolation.
The following weekend  Giuliana  Ugo  and Corrado are walking.
Together they drive.
Where they meet Emilia.
They spend time.
Giuliana seems to find temporary solace.
A mysterious ship docks directly.
Giuliana confides  I ca nt look at the sea for long or I lose interest in.
She looks out.
What s happening.
Corrado and Giuliana have grown closer.
He shows interest and sympathy.
Corrado is also alienated  but he is better adapted to.
Accepting  telling her  You wonder  I wonder.
What to look.
To live.
Giuliana  seeing  rushes off.
When a doctor arrives to board the ship.
The ship is now quarantined due.
Her unwillingness to stay  or to return she left behind  underscores her state of alienation from the others.
Sometime later  Ugo leaves.
Giuliana spends more time  revealing more about her anxieties.
One day she discovers.
Her son has apparently become suddenly paralyzed.
Fearing  Giuliana tries to comfort her son.
He has contracted polio.
Who lives and swims off a beach at an isolated cove.
The girl is at home.
All the rocks seem to come alive and sing to her in one voice.
A mysterious sailing ship approaches offshore.
Soonafter  Giuliana discovers.
Valerio was only pretending to be paralyzed.
Unable to imagine  Guiliana s sense returns.
Her son would do such a cruel thing.
Desperate to end her inner turmoil  Giuliana goes.
Where he tries to force his affections.
Initially resisting Corrado s advances  Giuliana eventually accepts his affections.
The two make love.
The intimacy  however  does little to relieve Giuliana s sense.
The next day  a distraught Giuliana leaves Corrado and wanders.
Where she meets a foreign sailor and tries to communicate her feelings.
He can not understand her words.
Acknowledging the reality  she says  We are all separate.
Giuliana seems to be completely alone and at her lowest state.
Sometime later  Giuliana is again walking.
Valerio notices a nearby smokestack emitting poisonous yellow smoke and wonders.
Birds are being killed.
Giuliana tells him.
The birds have learned not to fly.
<EOS>
Al Munch is an American private eye.
Who served during World War Two and decided to stay on.
He is hired to find Joe Barton  an American crime figure thought.
To be dead but who is now said to be alive.
Frankof has made a film but needs a clearance from Barton.
He can release it and hires Munch to locate him.
Munch contacts a lawyer  Timothy OLeary  to find Barton.
Then OLeary is murdered.
Munch discovers Barton and hands him over.
Albert Moran  ` Some beginnings  the first Governor-General   Continuum  The Australian Journal of Media & Culture  vol.
4 no 2 Edited.
<EOS>
The title comes  From all the deceits of the world  the flesh  and the devil  spare us  good Lord.
An intensely unhappy woman hatches a plot to switch the babies.
But the nurse hired to pull off this transfer refuses to go through  leaving each baby with its proper family.
The man goes to the house of the other and throws him out.
When the babies are grown.
The remainder deals with the frustrations of mistaken identity.
<EOS>
Rerun van Pelt finds some old marbles.
His grandfather Felix -- a marble master -- kept in the attic.
Charlie Brown goes.
Peppermint Patty is stuck.
He and Snoopy get ready.
They ride.
The bus and Peppermint Patty is there saying goodbye.
Charlie Brown realizes.
Most are going to summer camp with him.
Linus is eating a lollipop.
Rerun wants one and goes.
He sees Joe Agate play marbles.
He then decides.
He wants to be a marbles champ.
Joe Agate  the bully  decides to play on the false pretense of teaching him the game -- and quickly cheats him out of his marbles.
A devastated Rerun complains.
Disgusted  Charlie Brown takes responsibility and isolates himself.
Where Snoopy instructs him until he becomes skilled enough to win back the marbles from Joe.
Meanwhile  back home  Peppermint Patty suspects.
Charlie Brown is Marcie s love interest.
Her temper flares.
When Marcie and Charlie Brown go off together while she is stuck in town attending summer school as a result of her poor grades.
Marcie s teasing Patty makes Patty even more jealous.
Patty  overcome  hatches a plan to leave town and interrupt Marcie s supposed romance.
Everyone tensely watches.
Joe and Charlie Brown compete.
There  Charlie Brown reveals Joe s unfair ways  he only plays beginners  saying.
Then he claims  shocking and angering Joe.
It s for keeps and takes all their marbles.
Initially Joe wins and takes all.
Fortunately  Snoopy has two spares.
Joe complains.
Charlie Brown claims his dog  therefor  his marbles.
Joe ca nt turn down.
Joe gets one  but then misses.
Charlie Brown then shoots and wins the last marble  along.
Charlie Brown makes another bet   they ll play.
Joe wants his shooter back.
Joe asks.
Because Charlie Brown only has three marbles and Joe has hundreds.
Charlie Brown says.
If he misses a single shot  no matter how much he s won  Joe gets all the marbles.
Joe  feeling unbeatable  agrees.
Charlie Brown wins all the marbles  crushing Joe.
Who is forced to give all the marbles back.
Triumphant  Charlie Brown returns home and enjoys seeing Lucy s irritation and astonishment learning.
He had been a hero.
Snoopy s and Woodstock s siblings sleep.
The credits roll.
Woodstock roasts marshmallows and sings.
The storyline was an amalgamation  the Joe Agate storyline originally appeared in the strip in.
The story was an adaptation of a series of strips from.
<EOS>
The Honky Problem opens.
Jed introduces himself  bringing himself.
Good it is to be there.
He performs one.
Jed tearfully proclaims.
The song is finished.
Much he loves the song he just played  and performs it again.
The narrator warns the viewers to check before having children.
The song is being performed.
He then claims.
Inbreeding is everybody s problem.
<EOS>
Ex-con Enrique returns home.
His wife Angela has had an affair.
He was away.
His son Michael is exploring a life  leaving Enrique with decisions to make regarding his family s future.
<EOS>
He will come  and sees a baseball diamond.
Walking  novice farmer Ray Kinsella hears a voice that whispers.
You build it.
His wife  Annie  is skeptical.
She allows him to plow.
Nothing happens.
Ray soon faces financial ruin.
Ray and Annie discuss replanting the corn.
Their daughter  Karin  sees a man.
Ray discovers.
He is Shoeless Joe Jackson  a dead baseball player idolized.
Thrilled to be able to play baseball again  Joe asks to bring others to play.
He later returns.
Ray s brother-in-law  Mark  can not see the baseball players  and warns Ray.
He will go bankrupt unless he replants his crops.
This time urging him to ease his pain.
Ray hears the voice again.
Ray decides.
The voice is referring.
Ray finds a magazine interview.
When the team moved that he should seek out the author after they both dream about Ray and Terrence attending a baseball game.
Mann denies making the statement.
Ray persuades him to attend a baseball game.
Ray hears the voice again.
Urges him to go the distance.
The scoreboard shows statistics.
Who played one game in 1922  but never had a turn at bat.
Mann eventually admits.
They travel.
Where they learn that Graham became a doctor  but died 16 years earlier.
Ray realizes  he finds Graham.
He is  the year of Graham s death.
Who confesses that although he regrets never getting to bat  he would have regretted not being a doctor even more.
He declines Ray s invitation to fulfill his dream.
Ray picks up a hitchhiker.
Driving back.
Who introduces himself.
Ray reveals.
Archie sleeps.
He refused to play catch with his father after reading one of Terrence s books.
Terrence replies.
He is tired.
Enough players have arrived to field two teams.
Archie finally gets.
The next morning Mark implores Ray to sell the farm.
Karin says.
They wo nt need.
Terrence agrees.
People will come to relive their childhood innocence.
Ray refuses to sell.
Frustrated  Mark scuffles  accidentally knocking Karin off the top of the bleachers.
Archie runs to help and  stepping off the field  becomes the old Doc Graham.
Ray realizes.
He saves Karin.
Graham can not return.
His true calling was medicine.
He leaves.
Suddenly able to see the players  Mark urges Ray not to sell the farm.
Joe invites Terrence to enter the cornfield.
Terrence accepts the offer and disappears.
Ray is angry.
Shoeless Joe rebukes his desire  then reminds him  and glances toward home plate.
He sacrificed so much  saying If you build it  he will come.
The catcher removes his mask.
Ray recognizes his father.
Ray introduces his father.
Ray asks his Dad to play catch.
His father heads.
Hundreds can be seen approaching the field  fulfilling Karin and Terrence s prophecy.
They begin to play.
People will come to watch baseball.
<EOS>
Motorist Jane Lindstrom has a blowout and seeks assistance.
The night she finds  he proceeds to ask some personal questions and shows her disgusting pictures.
Caligari will not let her leave.
Prevented from leaving  and unable to telephone  Jane seeks allies among the other guests but finds only three possible candidates  the older Paul  the younger Mark  and a lively elderly woman named Ruth.
Jane goes to Paul.
Who convinces her to confront Caligari.
Jane does so and tries to seduce him.
She suspects he has been spying in the bath.
Caligari reveals that he and Paul and are one and the same person.
That fails.
Jane runs down a corridor.
Acts. 
Finally it is revealed  the personal questions were psychoanalysis  the disgusting pictures were Rorschach cards  Ruth s torture was shock treatment  and even Caligari s coat was a distorted version of the medical caduceus symbol.
Jane is a mental patient and everything the audience has seen up.
Cured  Jane is taken by Mark  now revealed to be her son  and then we see Jane s face.
She now has many wrinkles implying.
She is far older we have seen through most of the film.
A sample was later sampled by Nine Inch Nails on their cover of Get Down  Make Love by Queen.
<EOS>
Ondu Muttina Kathe revolves.
Who dives.
One day he manages to bring a shining pearl.
The news spreads.
He finds.
Everyone wants to own it.
And his baby falls sick.
He takes the baby.
Who treats the baby and asks.
Meanwhile  others plans to steal the pearl from the fisherman.
Disgusted  the fisherman dumps the pearl back into the sea.
<EOS>
A performance by noted violinist Paul Boray is cancelled.
Boray is at rock bottom emotionally.
His manager Frederic Bauer is angry for misunderstanding  and for thinking.
What a performing career would be like.
Music is no longer part.
He has lived for too long.
He says.
He has always wanted to do the right thing  but has always been outside looking in.
He can not get back.
He once was.
Young Paul is choosing a birthday present in a suburban New York Variety store run by Jeffers.
He rejects  his price limit is $.
Childish the suggestions  but settles on a violin  which his father rejects as unsuitable.
.
Esther  his mother  sympathetic  buys the $ 8 violin for him.
A transition follows.
October 1930  he overhears his father Rudy s dismissal of his chances  and the frustration of his brother Phil in finding a job.
He resolved to go out and not be dependent on his family.
He finds a job.
Which Sid Jeffers is the pianist.
Paul meets the hostess Helen Wright  a patroness in a loveless marriage with an ineffectual aging husband Victor  her third.
Helen is a self-centered  adulterous woman.
Who uses men and is initially baffled by the strong-willed and independent Boray.
She sends a golden cigarette case to his home the next day.
` Papa  Boray is impressed.
His mother is now suspicious.
Though Boray is quick to press her on the second issue.
He gains a manager Bauer  and is now in love with her.
Near the Wright s Long Island home  he reaches out to Helen after a swim  but she runs away  later in the evening she falls off a horse.
He kisses her  but Helen does not want to be touched and wishes to be left alone.
Everything is different.
Helen warns him he might be sorry  but admits  and is.
Love was ever invented.
She can not fight him any longer.
Waiting  Esther  his mother  is not fooled by his denials  and points out a missed date with Gina Romney  also a musician and his long-term sweetheart.
Esther had earlier overheard Victor s putdown as a savage after a concert.
Takes several months.
Sid arrives.
Who is immediately jealous.
Paul follows her  Gina cries.
Which Helen smashes her drink.
When close.
Paul points out her married status.
Helen urges him to let her become more involved  she is jealous of Gina s musician status.
At his new apartment containing numerous photographs of Helen  he confesses his love for her to his mother.
Later.
He has heard.
He is suspicuious.
Helen admits.
This is first time she has known real love.
Paul is passed a note from Helen claiming good news.
She asks to see him immediately.
He crumples the note and continues.
Helen becomes increasingly drunk  and is unable to tolerate the house pianist/singer performing Embraceable You.
Paul arrives to take her home  but.
This time  it is Helen  she repeatedly does not really hear his stated wish to marry her.
Who is cool.
Helen visits his parents grocery store.
Esther wishes.
They would part.
Helen listens to Boray play his transcription  Paul had been concerned of her absence.
Helen  recalling her husband s words  realizes  and then walks the only logical resolution to their problems.
Her dissolute past can only taint his future.
Later a group wait on the shore.
Paul  distraught  is comforted.
Returning  Paul asks Jeffers to tell Bauer not to worry.
He is not running away.
<EOS>
The story takes place.
When old Baghdad was new and shiny.
Colman plays Hafiz  a middle-aged trickster and magician.
Who calls himself the King.
He occasionally puts and goes about the city pretending to be the Prince of Hassir.
He meets and amuses Lady Jamilla  the head wife of the Grand Vizier.
Meanwhile  the young Caliph disguises himself  and roams the streets of Baghdad to learn about his subjects firsthand  despite the disapproval of his trusted adviser Agha.
He meets the Prince of Hassir and is amused by his magic tricks.
Determined to make a beautiful life  Hafiz has built high walls around his house  brought her up on fairy tales and promised her.
She will marry royalty.
Marsinah s nurse  Karsha  growls Bah.
She knows.
Marsinah has fallen with a gardener s son  but keeps it from Hafiz.
Marsinah tells her suitor.
Who will batter the walls down.
The Caliph returns  planning to do exactly that and propose to Marsinah.
The next day  Hafiz witnesses an attempt by an agent of the Grand Vizier.
The Vizier kills the would-be assassin.
He can be caught and questioned.
The Caliph suspects him.
Hafiz decides.
He knows the Caliph is unmarried.
The Vizier is good enough  for he might be Caliph himself tomorrow.
Donning fancy stolen clothes  Hafiz talks his way and offers him Marsinah s hand in marriage.
The Vizier plies Hafiz and shows off his dancing girls.
A reluctant Jamilla only agrees to perform.
When she realizes the guest is her friend.
Hafiz asks Jamilla to leave the Vizier and marry him.
She agrees  Marsinah will take her place.
Returning home  Hafiz tells his daughter to prepare  Marsinah is outraged  then resigned.
Then Hafiz is arrested and brought before the amused Vizier.
He is sentenced to have his hands cut off.
A messenger ominously summons the Vizier to appear.
The sentence can be carried out.
To ensure his obedience  the Vizier s palace is surrounded.
Hafiz bargains by offering to kill the Caliph.
Hafiz pretends to seek employment during a public audience.
The plan goes awry.
When the Caliph  whose spies have revealed Hafiz to be Marsinah s father  laughingly tells Hafiz that they have met before.
Hafiz s hidden dagger misses its mark.
The Vizier makes his escape.
Hafiz also manages to flee.
Hafiz follows the Vizier.
There he kills the Vizier to stop him.
The Caliph orders his men to tear down the walls   and rides in on his white horse  Marsinah then realizes.
As Hafiz had prophesied.
The gardener s son and the Caliph are one.
He sees his beloved daughter married and is sent to Hassir -- as a prince  with Jamilla at his side.
Hafiz is exiled.
<EOS>
Kate finds herself reliving Christmas Eve over and over again.
She must discover.
How to break the cycle -- should she attempt to win back her ex-boyfriend Jack  or should she pursue Miles  or something else.
<EOS>
A feud is ongoing between cattlemen  and turpentiners.
Who want to burn the forest.
Who make their living harvesting pine sap.
The cattlemen suspect.
The turpentiners are rustling their cattle  not knowing that the man organizing the rustling is Len Parker  a cattleman.
Arthur Autry is.
Who believe they should raid the turpentiners and burn them out.
Arthur s fair-minded son  Gene Autry  opposes the action  and is.
His good intentions backfire.
When Gene warns the turpentiners.
The turpentiners fight back.
His father is wounded.
Believing  his father disowns him.
Gene was fighting.
Gene leaves his home.
Two years later Gene returns.
Gene is distraught to learn.
Glad to see Milly again.
His father is now destitute after his cattle were secretly stolen.
Gene learns from Milly.
Arthur s cattle have been grazing.
He is captured.
When Gene investigates.
Parker orders his henchmen.
To replace Arthur s cattle and take the stolen animals to Fox Canyon.
Back  Frog waits anxiously for Gene s arrival.
The show can begin.
One tells Frog about Gene being captured.
Frog is forced to start the show using a double.
Believing his right-hand man  Jeff Galloway  to kill him.
Gene has escaped  Parker orders.
Galloway shoots the double.
Meanwhile  Gene   arrives back and learns about the crime.
Who has escaped his captors.
He tells Sheriff Martin to meet him.
Gene discovers.
When he arrives.
His father is dead.
Rushing over  Gene finds.
Milly s stepfather Bayliss has also been murdered.
Sheriff Martin arrests Gene and takes him to jail.
Bayliss was bludgeoned.
Believing  the turpentiners arrive.
Gene will be set free because he is a cattleman.
Frog  Martin  and Milly prevent the lynching and Gene escapes.
He goes.
Where he finds a receipt.
A gun battle breaks out in the street.
Gene attempts to take Parker and Galloway.
Parker   gets away.
Who killed both Arthur and Bayliss.
Gene and his fellow entertainers chase.
Gene apprehends Parker.
The show people round up the gang.
Who is taken.
Gene and Milly decide to get married.
The feud now ended.
<EOS>
Man-seok is an executioner.
One day he receives a request.
One be executed without his head being cut off.
Man-seok  the daughter  he rapes her  motivated by his deep resentment against the ruling elite.
Does as instructed  but when his payment is delivered.
Later  she is arrested and sold.
Feeling guilty  Man-seok buys her freedom.
The two eventually fall and settle down to a peaceful married life.
However  their happiness is threatened.
When they are involved.
<EOS>
A plague breaks out.
The infected have been transformed.
The action starts 80 years.
The western United States has devolved.
The government is awarding bounties.
Ryn survives and follows Remington.
Who double crossed him  in order to retrieve the sack.
<EOS>
A young Tommy Jarvis stumbles.
Two grave robbers  Neil and Les  are digging up the corpse.
Jason rises before advancing towards Tommy.
The graveyard sequence turns out to be just a dream.
An older Tommy awakens.
Tommy has been shifted after killing the mass murderer Jason Voorhees four years earlier  and his sister  Trish  and murdered their mother.
Who attacked him.
Tommy has hallucinations.
It is unclear.
What happened.
Tommy arrives  called Pinehurst Halfway House.
The house is owned.
Tommy is shown by Pam Roberts.
He meets a young boy  Reggie.
Whose grandfather George works.
The other teens include lovers Tina and Eddie  Robin  a goth chick named Violet  and a shy and stuttering kid named Jake.
Joey  a teenager  is killed with an ax by Vic at the house.
One paramedic  Duke  jokes.
Another medic  Roy Burns  is saddened.
Two hicks  threaten to shut the place down.
Live. 
The teens do not stop sneaking.
That night  two punks  Vinnie and Pete  are murdered.
The next night  Billy is waiting to finish her shift at a diner and is killed.
Lana comes outside to meet Billy and is also murdered.
The next day  more murders begin.
When Tina and Eddie go off.
Ethel s farmhand Raymond is killed.
Eddie retreats to wash off in the creek and Tina is murdered.
Eddie returns and is also killed.
Pam  Tommy  and Reggie go to see Reggie s brother  Demon  and his girlfriend  Anita.
Tommy gets and runs off  forcing Pam and Reggie to leave.
Pam leaves Reggie and then searches for Tommy.
Demon and Anita are murdered.
Junior races back  crying to Ethel about.
What Tommy did.
The killer murders them both.
Reggie falls asleep.
The killer quickly murders Jake  Robin and Violet.
Reggie awakens and finds the dead bodies.
Pam arrives and also sees the bodies.
They try to flee but encounter the killer.
Who appears to be Jason Voorhees.
Pam and Reggie flee the halfway house  but are separated.
Pam finds Duke  Matt  and George dead.
The chase finally leads.
Where Reggie rams Jason.
Jason rises and attacks them.
Pam fends Jason off to the loft with Reggie.
Tommy appears  and is slashed down the chest.
Still alive  Tommy stabs Jason with a buck knife and climbs up to the loft as well  but passes out.
Jason comes and finds Pam and Reggie.
Reggie manages to knock Jason.
Jason pops back up and tries to drag Reggie.
They embrace.
Tommy musters enough strength to seize the machete and hack Jason  sending him falling down onto sharp farm equipment.
The mask and prosthetic face are removed to reveal Roy.
It is explained.
Joey was Roy s son.
His death drove Roy mad  causing him to dress up and go on a killing spree.
Pam checks.
Who is asleep.
Tommy suddenly pops up and stabs Pam.
It turns out to be Tommy s dream.
Pam comes in  only to see the window broken.
Tommy stands.
<EOS>
The screenplay depict the part of Hanuman s life from his birth.
The narration is.
The movie relates.
Hanuman was born  by the blessings of Vayu-Dev  the Wind God.
Hanuman  Shiva himself.
Who is the 11th rudra avatar.
He was blessed.
Hanuman was quite naughty and used his powers to pester the saints living in the nearby forest.
It was a fruit.
When he was hungry he leapt to catch the sun thinking.
Indra and the other Gods came together to bless baby Hanuman of immortal life.
Amongst the other blessing  no harm could befall him.
A few are  no.
He could overcome death.
He could transform his body to take the smallest form or attain the biggest form.
Blessed Hanuman grew up to be powerful and mighty.
He helped Lord Ram and Laxman for Sita.
Hanuman burned.
The golden city Lanka and he helped Lord Ram and Laxman defeat Ravana and secure the release of Sita.
Seeing his devotion and love  Lord Ram blessed Hanuman with the boon of immortality.
<EOS>
A temperamental opera diva arouses official suspicion.
She is a spy  secretly gathering classified information to pass.
A policeman is sent undercover to join the opera company and try to find out.
Who happens to be a talented amateur singer.
Whether there is any substance.
Once there  an immediate attraction springs up.
But the diva also sets her sights and  used to getting  becomes the bitter rival-in-love of the other singer.
What she wants.
The policeman lets his lady friend.
The pair set.
They finally prove.
The diva is indeed a foreign agent.
<EOS>
A dredging ship is anchored.
But the sailor sent to get them is mugged.
One weeks  worth are stolen from him.
The captain leads his men.
Who did this.
They manage to get back the money and take back the woman in the group back to the ship.
<EOS>
Remember Mem Steddon marries Owen Scudder.
However  night  she has a change of heart.
She impulsively and secretly gets off.
When the train taking them stops for water.
Strangely   he does not have the train stopped.
When Scudder realizes she is gone.
Mem sets off.
Severely dehydrated  she sees an unusual sight  an Arab.
It turns out to be actor Tom Holby  she has stumbled.
She is given a role.
When she recuperates.
Both Holby and director Frank Claymore are attracted.
However   she does not follow the troupe back  but rather gets a job at a desert inn.
When filming ends.
Meanwhile  Scudder is recognized and arrested.
He turns out to be a cold-blooded murderer.
Who marries women  insures them  and then kills them.
He escapes and persuades a gullible Abigail Tweedy.
She becomes his next victim.
He only robs her of her savings.
He leaves the country and targets Englishwoman Lady Jane.
She turns out to be the same sort of crook as he  she and her father Lord Fryingham rob him  but let.
Him live.
Mem travels in search of work.
When the inn closes.
Her actress friend persuades Claymore to give her a screen test for the only uncast role in his next production  a comic part.
Claymore decides to train her anyway.
She fails miserably.
She proves to be talented and steadily gets better and better parts.
Scudder returns and sneaks.
As Mem is rising.
Holby and Claymore have become rivals.
He flies.
When Scudder sees their warmly-autographed photographs.
Mem  aware and fearful of a career-ending scandal  offers him money to leave her alone.
He wants her.
Scudder leaves only.
When she threatens to kill herself.
Claymore shows up.
Scudder tries to shoot him.
When Scudder overhears the director propose marriage.
Claymore wrestles away his gun  but lets him go.
Claymore decides to have Mem take her place.
When star Robina Teele is seriously injured.
Filming continues.
A lightning storm sets the huge tent on fire in the middle of filming.
Scudder   takes advantage to try to kill an unsuspecting Claymore by driving a wind machine at him.
Who has snuck.
Holby spots Scudder and struggles.
Scudder rushes to save her and loses his own life.
When Mem stumbles.
He apologizes.
All his life there was something wrong.
He did at least one thing right.
Afterward  Mem chooses Claymore.
<EOS>
Uday  a criminal don  takes it to get his kindhearted sister  Sanjana married.
He is unsuccessful.
No one wants to be associated.
Dr Ghunghroo has also been trying to get his nephew  Rajiv  married but due -- the alliance must be with a purely decent family -- he is also unsuccessful.
He is smitten.
When Rajiv jumps.
Uday and Majnu  Uday s brother  hatch a plan.
The plan works.
Dr Ghunghroo confirms the alliance  thinking.
Uday is a very decent man.
But  he quickly takes his family and flees to escape.
When he is later told that Uday and Majnu are mobsters.
However  Majnu and Sanjana have come as well.
Rajiv meets Sanjana again.
The two fall.
Dr Ghunghroo reconciles and finally agrees to the alliance.
Uday and Majnu invite a powerful don.
A girl named.
Ishika arrives  claiming to be Rajiv s childhood betrothed.
Ishika is actually a friend.
Dr Ghunghroo asked to come and try to break off the engagement.
Ishika manages to do so  leaving Rajiv and Sanjana heartbroken.
Dr Ghunghroo reveals.
He did this and was harassed and tortured  thus telling Dr Ghunghroo to raise Rajiv away from crime when he was born.
Dr Ghunghroo decides.
He will agree only if Uday and Majnu give up their life of crime.
Rajiv and Sanjana do this to pursue his love for painting.
Uday and Majnu have no time for crime anymore.
Rajiv s actions anger RDX s son  Lucky.
Who attempts to shoot Rajiv.
Sanjana gets hold and fires a shot  causing him to go unconscious.
Hits Lucky.
RDX is informed and comes to attend the cremation.
However Lucky   escapes  trying to show his father.
Who is still alive.
He s actually alive.
RDX sets the pile  believing.
He is cremating his son s body.
However Lucky   jumps out.
Who had been hiding.
The wood is.
The truth is revealed.
Rajiv  Ghunghroo  his wife  Ishika  Uday  Majnu and Sanjana are captured and brought to a cabin set next to a cliff.
The frightened group is forced to play Hot Potato -- but the one must jump off the cliff.
Who ends up.
Lucky angrily yanks it out.
When Rajiv refuses to pass the globe.
As the music stops.
RDX figures the only way.
That his son has the globe.
He can maintain his image is.
Several government brokers sneak up and cut the footings  causing the house to start falling over the cliff  with everyone trapped inside.
He can.
However  the cabin is suspended.
Hilarious chaos ensues tries to balance the cabin together and keep it from falling off the cliff.
Rajiv finds.
A rope and the group uses it to get back.
But  the floor broke and Lucky was hanging on the edge of the cabin.
Sanjana reveal the truth.
Rajiv is trying to rescue him.
She was the one who shooted Lucky.
Rajiv blamed himself.
That Sanjana wo nt get.
The cabin fell off a cliff.
Rajiv rescued Lucky.
He is standing on.
Sanjana kept crying.
He is dead.
However  Rajiv survived the event and is reunited.
Lucky and RDX are grateful for saving their lives.
RDX gives up his life  allowing Rajiv and Sanjana to finally get married.
<EOS>
The cat Findus decides.
He wants to write a letter  because Pettersen says that kittens do nt wash or pay rent.
He and the old man decide to go.
Findus waits.
<EOS>
Joseph travels  taking a dilapidated train to visit his dying father  Jacob  in a sanatorium.
He finds.
When he arrives.
No one seems to be for the patients.
Time appears to behave  reanimating the past in an elaborate artificial caprice.
His behavior and the people around often depict him.
Joseph is always shown.
He befriends Rudoph  a young boy.
Who owns a postage stamp album.
The names trigger in Joseph a wealth of association and adventure.
Occurrences in this visually potent phantasmagoria include Joseph re-entering childhood episodes with his wildly eccentric father  being arrested by a mysterious unit of soldiers for having a dream  reflecting on a girl and commandeering a group of historic wax mannequins.
Was severely criticized.
He fantasized about.
An ominous blind train conductor reappears like a death figure.
Has also adds a series.
Were not present  reading Schulz s prose through the prism of the author s death during World War II and the demise of the world he described.
<EOS>
The film begins.
One hits a tree branch in their path  falling from his motorcycle and allowing Pumpkinhead to catch up to him.
The film cuts.
The man is being killed.
Who seems to share the pain inflicted on the fallen man.
The surviving man  named Dallas  rides  and the man  begging him to call the demon off.
Who conjured Pumpkinhead.
Pumpkinhead smashes attempts to fend him off by shooting him with a small pistol with little effect  and is clawed in the chest by the demon.
He swears to take the summoner  shooting the man and killing him  causing Pumpkinhead to vanish.
When Dallas realizes that his bullets have no effect.
Ed Harley then appears telling Dallas.
There will be no place to hide.
Five years later we are shown the family.
Ongoing feud started.
The Hatfields then trash the McCoy wedding.
Jody Hatfield sneaks out to see her true love  Ricky McCoy.
Ricky brings his sister  Sarah  to look out.
The two then start to make out.
Jody s brothers find and kill Sarah and try to kill Ricky.
Ricky then finds his sister s body and goes for help.
Haggis tells him.
It costs to summon Pumpkinhead and Haggis is shown talking.
Haggis states  only the summoner may make the decision to kill Pumpkinhead.
Her choice does not matter.
The two invoke Pumpkinhead to kill the Hatfields.
Most of the Hatfields are killed  as well as some of the McCoy family.
Ricky realizes.
What he has done and takes Pumpkinhead to fall down a well.
This is the first film.
Does not imply that Pumpkinhead is still alive.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- Peacock -RCB- -RCB- Mr Bhalla  a hyper-vibrant Punjabi lives in US along.
Aman is with Neha  daughter of Mr Patel  a conventional Patel.
Their families have huge differences due to drastically different lifestyles.
The two are.
It s up to Aman and Neha to not only bring their families together but to live up to their expectations.
<EOS>
Yahya  a working-class clerk employed  found a suitcase on a roadside.
Is purported to contain stolen cash.
Yahya s life changed drastically  starting from the fact.
Everybody is competing to take advantage and his newly-established status as a ` wealthy man.
However  Yahya decides to safeguard the suitcase and leave it unopened.
A few incidents forced him to re-think that decision.
<EOS>
Sofren  a recent seminary graduate  and his fiancee Mari make their way through a Norwegian forest to a village.
Where a church is.
Mari s father wo nt allow her to marry.
Sofren obtains a full-time church assignment.
Sofren learns.
He is competing.
The three men wait.
The verger calls them  one by one  to deliver their trial sermons.
The first candidate delivers a sermon.
Promptly puts the entire congregation to sleep.
The second candidate is summoned and announces.
His sermon topic is Balaam s ass and God s strange power by which He was able to open the jaws so that it might speak like a man.
Sofren bounds  surveys the congregation and begins  Now  two learned.
Applicants have appeared here.
One took us to Eden.
That is as far back.
We can go.
Let him stay there.
But I will take you  deep in the roaring jaws of Hell.
Sofren concludes  And so my friends  beware.
You are not swallowed up.
The church committee announces.
Sofren is their choice.
The committee spokesman then adds.
Margarete Pedersdotter  the widow  has exercised her right to demand that her husband s successor marry her.
Dame Margarete   enters the room.
Who is at least a half-century older.
The two pastoral candidates  hastily climb on their horses and gallop away.
Margarete does nt take a seat but chooses to sit next to the fireplace.
Gradually the townspeople also leave the dining hall.
Margarete approaches Sofren and asks  in.
It has grown dark outside  if he would walk to the parsonage.
Margarete invites Sofren inside.
When they reach the parsonage.
Magarete lays.
Sofren takes note.
Sofren devours greedily.
Margarete asks Sofren.
He is eating.
He has a fiancee.
Sofren hesitates  then assures her.
He does not.
Margarete mentions and suggests he stay.
It is much too late to head back to the inn.
The next morning Sofren puts.
Was laid out during the night.
Sofren goes downstairs.
Margarete is sewing.
The table has been set.
Margarete takes.
Sofren finishes the schnapps.
Margarete asks  Sofren replies.
He would like to marry her.
Margarete calls from the next room as witnesses of Sofren s proposal.
Margarete assures Sofren.
They will have separate sleeping quarters and maintain separate lives.
Sofren leaves to tell Mari.
What has happened.
Margarete follows.
A tearful Mari asks Sofren.
Sofren suggests.
She had hexed the herring.
Margarete arrives and confronts Sofren.
Who is this woman.
Sofren and Margarete are married.
The next morning  Sofren is upset.
When Margarete s female servant shakes debris from a balcony.
Margarete s male servant gives Sofren a raspberry.
When asked to stop whistling.
Sofren confronts Margarete   I suggest you.
Your companions be less high and mighty.
For I am master.
Margarete goes to summon the bearish male servant.
She instructs him  Master Sofren is too big.
Give him a drubbing.
Do not play master here.
I am master.
One day he notices Margarete climb the ladder.
Sofren removes the ladder  hoping  and goes in search of Mari.
Mari  however  is also.
She starts to climb down.
The ladder has been moved.
Mari falls.
Sofren rushes over and calls up a warning  Be careful  Dame Margarete.
Margarete takes and  in return  Sofren begins to grow fond of Margarete.
One day   Margarete confesses.
Margarete and Sofren sit.
My first husband and I were engaged when he applied for the post here and learned he could have it only if he wedded the parson s widow.
We knew and could scarcely live long.
The widow was weak.
It was a sore temptation.
God forgive us  we built our happiness.
That prompted Sofren  Mari and I are not sister and brother -- she is my fiancee.
We have also waited.
Margarete appears to have initially been taken aback  then her face softens.
She murmurs Poor children.
One morning Margarete does not come down.
Sofren and Mari go.
Where they find her after dying in her sleep.
Sofren finds a note  Do not forget.
When my mortal remains are taken away  to put a horseshoe and to strew linseed after me so that I shall not haunt you.
Margarete is buried.
Sofren remarks  We owe her a great debt  Mari.
Sofren and Mari stand.
She taught you to keep a good home.
She taught me to be an honorable man.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Where a worker gives a tour.
Several people are encountered  including a man.
Who plays music in order to deal with the demons which haunt the place  and a woman who claims to be the ghost of Donna Maria dAvalos  Gesualdo s wife whom he murdered.
Two cooks discuss and reconstruct an extravagant wedding feast.
Gesualdo had ordered.
Herzog also visits some workers.
Who claim that they once treated the woman who claimed to be a ghost  and that they have two patients currently who believe themselves to be Carlo Gesualdo.
Herzog also interviews workers in Naples.
Where Gesualdo committed the murders.
A gate worker is interviewed  as well as the heir.
Who shows Herzog the very bed in which the murders took place.
Herzog then visits a nearby chapel.
Displays the preserved bodies.
These scenes are intercut.
<EOS>
Small-time thieves Trish and her niece Patsy are  planning their next heist.
Patsy tells her Aunt Trish.
It s wrong that they are pick-pocketing people.
Trish believes.
It s OK.
Trish s old beau Mel comes.
Whom he owes money.
Trish and Patsy leave to go.
Patsy puts and begins to pick-pocket Mr Limber  the owner of the mall.
They are caught.
Trish and Patsy are brought  arrested and sentenced.
On December 26  Patsy is to be given to a family.
Who can look out better.
Trish is to serve time.
Bert is to keep a watch until then.
Trish and Bert begin to develop an attraction.
The days go.
Bert takes them to Maplewood.
Christmas is ruined.
Where Patsy confesses all her bad deeds and writes Santa a letter.
Patsy is kidnapped by Mel.
He is caught.
Everyone ends up back were Social Services.
Officials await them.
But  they get a second chance.
Mel is hauled off.
Bert quits his job and proposes.
<EOS>
Yvette Lu is Sheenyana  a beautiful  mystic warrior and member of the fictional Kyontawa tribe -- a post-Neolithic tribe of humans residing on a pristine forested world  presumably in the Alpha Centauri star system.
Dr Denise Hanson  a character in the film  mentions.
They have landed.
Alpha Centauri is approximately that same distance.
The Kyontawa are the descendents of a highly advanced Asian civilization from Earth s forgotten history.
Established a deep-space settlement.
Clearly  that high-tech civilization is no more.
The Kyontawa s knowledge is limited to their religious mythology of Bird Gods.
Who seeded their people.
Their language has similarities of Earth  particularly Japanese.
Sheenyana saves the life of American astronaut Lt.
Richard OConner.
Their connection is immediate and  before long  the two fall.
Will threaten to rip them apart.
They lead her.
When Sheenyana s psychic visions foretell a coming danger.
The only way to save her people may be to sacrifice an innocent man -- and the love.
<EOS>
Conmen Charlie Tully and Peek have successfully conned two Italian men  and are making an easy escape with #.
Flushed  Tully is unable to resist running a quick and easy minor con on a passing American tourist.
But the quick and easy con unexpectedly goes awry.
Tully is arrested.
Peek escapes and deposits the #.
Tully is sent.
Time passes.
He is met.
When Tully is released.
Who intends to tell him the bank account number.
But their reunion is cut short.
When Peek is murdered.
Peek has left a record  but in an unusual way.
Befitting his reputation  the digits are tattooed on the bottoms of four young women.
Tully adopts a range  to track down each woman in turn and see her bottom.
Meanwhile  Tully s antics are being followed  one group from London  and another from Rome  The first woman is a British Rail announcer.
He finds.
Who disrobes.
The second is a bride.
Who is exposed.
Number three is the daughter.
Who Tully peeks.
Last is a policewoman at a police training school  so Tully enters the school  disguised as a trainee WPC.
Which he spies.
Both men have talents.
Lead them.
Tully s addiction to con tricks leads.
Peek s womanizing leads.
Tully is confronted by members of Sid Sabbath s gang  with orders to do to him.
They did.
For them to mysteriously die themselves.
Tully thinks  Sabbath thinks.
He is lucky.
Tully is a one-man army.
Neither realise.
Tully is actually being guarded.
The two Italian men conned.
He can be brought.
<EOS>
Six astronauts go to try to find extraterrestrial life.
<EOS>
Sach and Slip are copy boys.
They hear.
Their friend Gabe  a local police officer  has been shot.
The go and visit him and find out.
Another police officer was killed.
The boys then go undercover and infiltrate the mob.
Order to take them down.
They accompany the Loop Gang.
Slip sneaks off and calls his editor and asks him to call the police.
The cops arrive.
Bust are beaten and taken to the hospital.
Once there  Sach calls.
A nurse to take care  but when a male nurse arrives he sends him to over to Slip and gets up to leave.
<EOS>
Kozue loves to stargaze and does so regularly.
She happens to meet a boy named Ginga.
He has a mysterious ability to discover more information.
He uses to help scientists.
Unfortunately  his life is mostly dictated.
He must always wear a protective suit.
When carrying out missions.
Kozue helps Ginga to gradually take control by encouraging him to make his own decisions.
<EOS>
Quacker is deeply distraught.
The duckling looks just like Quacker  and convinced  has thoughts of suicide.
He too is ugly.
Jerry hears.
Him crying and tries to help Quacker look better.
Quacker attempts to behead himself.
Jerry removes him.
The axe falls.
Next  Jerry dresses Quacker up.
Quacker  looking in a broken mirror  still thinks  and starts crying again.
He is ugly.
An upset Quacker walks off saying  then he looks and says Oh  boy  I m sure ugly  and wishing.
Jerry runs with another mirror.
Nobody loves him.
He was dead.
He approaches a sleeping Tom and wakes him up  asking to be eaten.
A puzzled Tom is only too happy to oblige  but is prevented.
Jerry grabs Quacker out and flees.
Tom searches calls out to Tom.
Lying. 
Quacker jumps out.
Tom tries to eat it.
Tom eats a branch.
Quacker apologizes and asks.
Tom puts it out.
Quacker jumps  but is saved again by Jerry before falling down Tom s throat.
Jerry and Quacker hide next.
Jerry grabs the hen and gets pecked into the ground.
Quacker pokes his head out and asks.
Tom wants to eat it.
Tom refuses.
Quacker convinces him to eat him.
Jerry suddenly comes  grabs Quacker.
Tom managed to grab the pie.
Jerry tries to raise Quacker s spirits.
Tom later approaches the mousehole.
He blindly manages to grab Quacker  puts him in a bag before running off elsewhere.
However   he becomes horrified.
When Tom finally takes Quacker.
Quacker even began walking.
Quacker asks.
Tom wants to eat him.
Tom runs off  clawing straight.
Quickly as he can.
Order to escape.
This convinced Quacker once and.
Oh  boy  am I ugly.
Quacker is  curbing his suicidal tendencies and reducing himself to hiding under a paper bag  and saying.
He ll never show his face again.
A female duckling passes and sees Quacker sitting in despair on a rock.
She tries to look at his face  and giggles at his reaction before declaring.
He is cute.
Quacker  no longer thinking himself ugly  tosses the bag away  then clicks his heels and happily takes her arm.
Jerry quickly looks on  the two ducklings waddle off together  stopping along the way to share a kiss and continue to walk to the sunset.
<EOS>
An earthquake releases a bunch.
Can create fire.
Eventually most die.
They can not survive.
A scientist keeps one alive.
He successfully breeds the cockroach creating a breed of intelligent  flying.
<EOS>
Julius the Cat is spending his time.
Coincidentally  a female cat places a basket  and leaves.
Something made a noise momentarilly.
Julius heard it.
He then approaches and opens the basket.
Julius picks up and finds a lost kitten inside.
The big cat decides to take in the little feline.
Julius arrives home.
Alice   was also amazed to see.
Whose been waiting.
What her friend brought.
She then wonders.
What name the kitten should wear.
Julius finds out the kitten and therefore gives the name Oscar.
Is a male.
Julius takes his little friend to have supper with them.
Oscar is eating in an aggressive way.
Julius sees as inappropriate.
Julius attempts to teach the Oscar.
To have meals.
The kitten shows no interest to follow.
The frustrated Julius starts pounding the table straight up and spills on top of him.
Oscar finds this comical and therefore hurls a roast chicken  knocking the big cat off his chair.
Then it was bedtime.
Julius puts pyjamas before laying the kitten to bed.
To help Oscar sleep  the big cat sings a lullaby and rocks the bed back and forth.
Julius tries to tiptoe out  only to notice and cry.
When the little cat is seemingly dozing.
Oscar suddenly wake up.
The big cat repeats the same method but still gets the same result.
Julius grabs a mallet and thumps Oscar in the head but not hard enough cause a lump.
Julius was able to exit the room.
<EOS>
The plot revolves  however  contrary to their wishes  the experimental director adapts it into a gritty commentary on British suburban life  despite the fact.
The cast -LRB- led with a good tap number.
The cast hijack the concept to return it to its original roots  and take it to the West End  funded by Bo Beaumont s lottery win.
The second act is the musical  and is much more like the original series.
Miss Babs and Miss Berta run Acorn Antiques  and are aided and amused.
Soon  they discover a third sister  Bonnie.
Who is initially scheming and devious.
The plot unfolds  the sisters are faced.
The show ends.
All is well.
<EOS>
Raja has a temper problem  Gangadhar has an obsession  Dr Mukherjee   has not spoken in years.
Is a clean freak and Dabboo.
Dr Sonali is treating all four.
Schizophrenic Gangadhar is living.
Raja is diagnosed.
Where he shares friendships.
He seems busy.
Was achieved long back.
Dr Mukherjee is a perfect doctor and always keeps himself tidy and prim.
He has been diagnosed.
Dabboo suffers.
He has not spoken  and appears frightened all the time.
He is loved.
Dr Sonali negotiates to allow her to take the four of them for a cricket match between India and England.
Is being held.
She eventually manages to get permission.
The four get ready.
The following morning  she takes them.
She tells the group to stay.
Dabboo gets out of the car and goes to a spot nearby to pee.
He watches Dr Sonali being kidnapped by thugs.
He notices one.
A thug removes his mask.
Dabboo then goes back.
Where his friends realize that something is wrong  but soon ignore it.
Dabboo can not speak.
The four become bored.
Time goes on.
One get out of the car to look for Dr Sonali.
They split up and go.
Meanwhile  Dr Sonali is being bribed to sign papers.
A criminal called Rana as insane am the following day.
He passes by a store.
Where there is a TV set showing a news report.
Raja notices.
The woman who is speaking is actually his ex-girlfriend  Shikha  who he had lost a long time ago.
He tracks her.
The two have a tearful reunion.
Raja decides to go  they had met.
He had been rude.
He however meets Shikha s new boyfriend Pranav.
Who she will be engaged and married.
Raja becomes angry and starts beating Pranav up  and is once again thrown out.
Meanwhile  Gangadhar returns.
They realise.
The car is gone.
Raja then returns and goes.
Where they find Dabboo and register a complaint that Dr Sonali is missing.
Raja then comes up.
They should call up Sonali s husband  R K Sanyal  and tell him what has happened.
They get his number and find out.
He is.
They find him there.
He receives a call.
Who tells him that Sonali has been captured.
Leads the team to realize that he was.
They are caught.
Who Dabboo saw kidnapping Sonali.
They manage to escape and head off  begging her to help them.
She reluctantly agrees.
They kidnap Sanyal.
They make him announce.
He will pay Rs 50 million.
Sanyal then escapes.
This is just part.
They have hidden a camera.
Then  they go and beg him to play the video.
He works.
He does nt agree.
They however play.
The tape and a very distressed husband and his partner watch it.
The next day  a taxi driver picks up four people.
Who have found Dr Sonali.
He immediately recognizes.
Who she is and takes the four men by where they are captured and put into the earth like seeds.
He then calls them and tells the four.
They find her missing again.
When they arrive.
They eventually find.
Her wrapped and walk away only to be caught by the board of directors but escape after Sonali again when she suddenly disappears.
She gets.
Her husband s partner is driving and goes.
The four follow her and arrive at the hospital moments later.
Sonali was dropped off there.
Dr Mukherjee runs.
The other three turn out to be the doctors.
When Sonali goes where Rana is being held.
Who are also meant to examine Rana shortly joined who worked in the same hospital.
They then torture him.
They then explain.
Her husband was the one that kidnapped her and that it was just a trick to get her to do what they wanted.
They then catch the criminals responsible.
The movie ends.
When all go back home.
<EOS>
One day   Kamoka spots a girl sprouting out.
Picking up seashells.
The girl introduces herself.
And  she is a type.
This girl is dressed and looks like a human.
Kamoka takes Maiko back to her home.
The friendship between Kamoka and Maiko deepens.
The pair was invited at Mochiro s home.
Kamoka had the wrong impression.
Mochiro had romantic feelings.
She later finds out.
Mochiro was actually scheming to cook Maiko.
Maiko starts to have a sudden transformation.
<EOS>
Rick is the apple  smart  handsome  and idolized by his younger siblings.
Lonnie is a troubled and withdrawn girl  struggling to put the painful memory of a failed suicide attempt behind her.
Both teenagers are dealing.
When they begin to find solace.
A young romance develops.
They become increasingly withdrawn  their protective parents begin to worry and become increasingly uncomfortable with the teenagers  relationship.
The young lovers are getting too involved.
Finally.
Lonnie s parents decide  Rick and Lonnie  desperate not to be separated  make a tragic decision to take their own lives.
Boarding school would be the best place.
The two devastated families are left to try and pick up the pieces of their shattered lives and somehow find a way to go on.
<EOS>
Sir Karell Borotyn is found murdered  with two tiny pinpoint wounds on his neck.
The attending doctor is a vampire  specifically Count Mora and his daughter Luna.
Dr Doskil and Sir Karell s friend Baron Otto are convinced that responsible.
The Prague police inspector refuses to believe.
Now his daughter Irena is the count s next target.
Enter Professor Zelen  an expert.
Who s sent in to prevent her death.
Secrets are revealed surrounding the circumstances of Sir Karell s death.
<EOS>
An American tourist couple go into a bar.
Where they meet an old man who tells them a story.
A boy called.
Angus MacMorrow lives with his mother Anne  his sister  a cook  a maid and an old game keeper.
Later they are joined.
Who comes to work.
Angus  father -- a sailor -- is missing.
His ship has been sunk.
However  Angus is unable to accept.
He may be dead.
One day   he discovers.
Looking. 
What appears to be a large mysterious egg.
He leaves it later to check on it.
An unknown creature hatches.
Whom he calls ` Crusoe.
Angus keeps the creature a secret  but eventually tells his sister and Lewis.
Lewis explains  then dies.
It is a Water Horse and that it could be a boy or a girl  that it lays one egg.
It can see it hatch.
The next day troops arrive at the house.
They are commanded a friend of Lord Killin  the owner of the house.
Who is serving.
An artillery battery is set up against possible attacking or hiding German.
The troops set up camp.
An anti-submarine net is also raised to prevent the entrance of German U-boats into the lake.
Meanwhile  Crusoe grows so fast.
Eventually Angus has no other option but to allow Lewis to bring it.
Captain Hamilton persuades Angus  mother to allow him to teach Angus some discipline and make a soldier out.
She agrees but.
A few days Angus escapes and returns.
Where he left his friend.
Crusoe lets Angus ride.
It begins to dive underwater  coming to the surface from time to time for breathing.
Angus  having aquaphobia  loudly protests  perhaps even overcoming his phobia.
It should stop diving  but later enjoys himself.
The peaceful setting does nt last long  Crusoe suffers after almost getting shot by Victoria aimed at the lake during a firing demonstration.
Angus interrupts the demonstration  blowing up the cannon.
As it fires to save Crusoe.
This obviously upsets Hamilton and Angus  mother.
Who sends him for causing destructon to their defenses.
Two people attempt to take a photo.
Who previously saw Crusoe while fishing.
Order to become rich.
They decide to create an imitation.
When they realize that they wo nt be able to photograph the real thing due.
Results  also known as The Surgeon s Photo.
The photo  however fake  piques the interest.
Who venture to kill it.
The surprise attack proves futile.
Crusoe easily capsizes their boat.
Angus attempts to calm Crusoe down and wades.
Where he loses his footing and sinks.
Crusoe comes and saves his life.
Crusoe decides to leave the loch for shelter and safety.
However  guns open fire upon Crusoe  mistaking it for a German.
Crusoe attempts to jump over the anti-submarine net but instead crushes it.
Escapes also causes all their guns to blow up again.
It is implied.
Angus finally accepts that his father may never return home while he sees Crusoe s departure  along with Lewis and his family.
A mother calls out.
The story was told.
Who is walking down the beach and spots a rock.
The rock looks similar.
The water horse  or ` Nessie  as known  had hatched from.
The last thing is a crack  hinting to the viewers  but not before leaving a descendant behind to be the next Nessie.
Is heard.
Crusoe has died.
<EOS>
Roseanne Rogers trudges to place  searching for another living human being.
A newspaper headline reports a scientist s warning.
Detonating a new type may cause humanity s extinction.
She eventually makes her way.
When she finds Michael already living there.
She is slow to recover.
She resists Michael s attempt to become intimate  revealing.
She is married and pregnant.
Two more survivors arrive  attracted.
Oliver P.
Barnstaple is an elderly bank clerk  he believes.
Who is.
He is simply.
He has been taken care.
They survived.
They were accidentally locked when the disaster occurred.
Roseanne was.
Michael was.
Barnstaple sickens  but seems to recover and insists.
There  they drag a man.
Eric  a mountain climber  was stranded by a blizzard during the disaster.
He was flying back.
When his plane ran out.
Meanwhile  Barnstaple dies peacefully.
The newcomer brings discord.
Eric theorizes.
They lived because they were somehow immune.
He wants to find and gather together other survivors.
However  Michael is skeptical and warns.
The radiation is the most intense.
Eric reveals himself to be a racist  he can barely stand living.
They fight  stopping only.
When Charles objects.
When Roseanne goes.
She gives birth.
Afterwards   Eric goes off.
The others work to make a better life.
Eric deliberately drives their jeep  destroying part of their crops.
Michael orders Eric to leave.
Eric shows.
He has a pistol and announces that he will leave when he is ready.
One night  Eric tells Roseanne.
He is going.
Needing to discover her husband s fate  Roseanne agrees to go.
He had hoped.
Eric insists.
She not tell Michael.
However   Eric is stopped by a suspicious Charles.
Eric stabs Charles  killing him.
They struggle.
He begins looting.
They reach the city.
She goes.
There she discovers her husband s skeleton.
Eric refuses to let her go.
When Rosanne wants to return.
They struggle and his shirt is torn open  revealing radiation poisoning.
He runs away.
She begins the long walk back.
Her baby dies.
Michael finds her and takes her home.
She joins him.
When he starts farming.
<EOS>
Town councillor  newspaper editor  and zealous reformer George Boswell recalls the past 26 years of his life.
He defends Olivia Channing.
When she applies.
Her cotton mill owner father John Channing had been sent for speculating with and losing many people s money.
George falls.
It scandalises the townspeople  and eventually proposes.
That night  she has an argument.
He has Dr Richard Whiteside  but they crash.
Drive him to speak to George.
John is killed.
Olivia then agrees to marry George.
Trevor Mangin  Browdley s most influential businessman  asks George to run.
Seeing an opportunity to further his reforming efforts  George agrees  much.
Whiteside brings George an alarming report.
Mangin   produces a more optimistic one.
Who owns many.
Whiteside has taken.
However  a diphtheria epidemic breaks out.
As Whiteside feared.
A free clinic is opened to inoculate the healthy children and treat the sick.
George tells Olivia to take their son there.
She can not bear to do it  resulting.
Olivia tells him.
When George drops out.
She is leaving him.
George realises.
She married him solely.
They go their separate ways.
He eventually rises.
She remarries a rich man and has another son  Charles Winslow.
Meanwhile  Whiteside takes.
George helps raise her.
Many years pass.
A widowed Olivia returns  takes up residence  and reopens the Channing mill.
Her son becomes a flier.
He meets Julie.
They fall.
However  Olivia does not want to relinquish her son.
Charles is seriously injured  his face disfigured.
This enables Olivia to isolate and retain control.
George manages to convince him to break free and marry Julie.
George reveals.
When Olivia arrives  looking.
He has figured out that Olivia did nothing to prevent her father  though she must have known that the road was washed out.
Whiteside had overheard the Channings  argument  knowing his daughter  John Channing intended to warn George.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
Kendig and his team foil a microfilm transfer.
However  they purposely do not apprehend Yaskov.
Kendig is summoned.
Where his supervisor  Myerson  is forcing Kendig because Kendig did nt arrest the Russian.
Kendig resists  claiming to be a field man  and   takes leave  shredding his file en route.
It is days.
That is discovered.
He goes to hear some Mozart and visit an old friend  Isobel Von Schoenenberg.
It is here.
He seizes.
Isobel is horrified to read the first chapter and tells Kendig.
They ll all come after him to kill him.
Nevertheless  he mails copies to the various spy chiefs in the US  Russia  China  France and Great Britain.
Soon enough  Myerson and Yaskov are.
As he wanted.
Kendig baits his pursuers.
Leaving Vienna  he rents Myerson s own Georgia country house  and writes a few more chapters.
The CIA trace him there  but the FBI shows up as well.
Hearing the firecrackers Kendig sets up to go off  start blasting away.
Who goes.
His house is destroyed.
This scene is accompanied from Madama Butterfly.
Kendig flies by seaplane  then to London  to meet with his publisher to give him the last chapter of the book.
Yaskov tells Cutter  a former protege  finding out.
Who has been tasked to pursue him.
He is.
Both the Soviets and the Americans go and find Kendig s hotel room.
Where he has left a tape recording telling them he has finished the book and that he will be escaping Britain the next morning.
He leaves a copy and the location of the airfield.
Which he plans to make his escape.
Kendig has contacted Isobel.
Who is by the CIA.
She cleverly escapes her watchers and goes by hovercraft.
Kendig has also contracted.
Cutter and Myerson threaten Kendig s publisher.
He rebuffs their attempts.
Kendig   suffers a flat tire.
He is assisted.
Who cordially invite him to wait until the morning.
Kendig escapes.
When one policeman recognizes him.
He reaches the airfield.
The Americans and Russians are hovering overhead.
He apparently takes off and is pursued by Myerson in the helicopter.
He performs intricate loops.
It is then revealed.
The electronic device that Kendig had had built is a specialized remote control device.
Kendig is actually  controlling the plane from the near-ruinous former control building nearby.
He presses.
The plane has cleared the cliffs and is.
A button  exploding it  timed just as Myerson has fired time.
The Americans and Russians rush  see the wreckage floating in the sea  and conclude - except Cutter.
Kendig is dead.
Who sees and realizes that Kendig did not die in the plane but decides to keep this insight to himself.
Kendig meanwhile returns to meet Von Schoenenberg.
They set off.
Months later  the book has become a bestseller.
Kendig is to purchase a copy.
He learns.
The book is very good and that there is a rumor that Kendig is still alive.
Von Schoenenberg pulls him aside and scolds him.
<EOS>
Jab Pyaar Kisise Hota Hai is about one Sooraj Dhanrajgir  a rich playboy lightening the financial burden by spending his riches on alcohol and women.
His grandfather calls.
Him back back home  beginning with a hotel project in Ooty.
There his true character emerges.
He starts running.
The first one is Komal.
He lays his eyes on.
He convinces her.
She is his childhood friend and sweet-talks her.
But soon she sees him.
He is and walks out.
Sooraj is smitten beyond infatuation and  knowing  he goes through the hotels of the city.
She runs a boutique.
He locates her.
He tries his best to win her back but fails.
Sooraj s grandfather steps in to ease the situation and asks her to marry him.
Komal agrees   He would have to quit smoking  drinking and women for her to marry him.
He would have to give up his playboy status and become straight.
Sooraj  not quite the man  gives up every bad habit.
He was.
He has.
One day Sooraj returns home.
He finds a boy  Kabir  claiming to be his son.
Tests prove.
Kabir is indeed his son.
Sooraj does nt even remember the mother.
Kabir shows him a photograph.
Sooraj helps identify the women he had a fling lasting a few months.
He brings the boy back  identifying him.
Sooraj learns to like him.
Gradually  understanding his mistake  he recognizes him.
But Kabir does not like Komal.
Kabir is unhappy to learn.
Sooraj never really loved his mom.
Later Sooraj has to choose.
Sooraj is.
He knows.
He can not hide the fact that Kabir is his son.
He falls.
His friend Mahesh suggests.
He should tell the truth before their marriage if he really loves her.
He tries several times to speak about Kabir.
Circumstances do not allow him to convey his message.
The day married  he lands before mahurat with his grandfather  Mahesh and Kabir.
Which Sooraj and Komal are to get.
He accepts his mistakes.
He made and tells Komal and her family that Kabir is his son.
This Komal s family gets angry and demands Sooraj disown Kabir.
He wants to marry Komal.
Sooraj refuses to do that and prefers his son.
Komal hails Sooraj s honesty and agrees to accept Kabir and to marry Sooraj.
<EOS>
One night  an American special forces team invades Saddam Hussein s palace and a nearby prison camp to rescue captured soldiers and to eliminate Saddam  but they find the Iraqis prepared for them.
The entire rescue team is captured.
This failed operation turns out to be the latest  and consequently the advisors of President Benson suspect sabotage in their own ranks.
Were foiled.
Colonel Walters suggests to gain the aid.
Topper has retired and become a Buddhist in a small Thai village.
Walters and Michelle Huddleston  CIA  arrive and try to persuade him to come out.
Order to rescue the imprisoned soldiers and the previous rescue parties.
Topper initially refuses.
He agrees and parachutes.
When yet another rescue mission goes awry.
Whom Topper suspects to be the wanted saboteur.
Their contact turns out to be Topper s former love  Ramada.
Who guides them that she prepared for their transportation.
She and Topper reminisce.
He explains.
She was married before she met him.
A prisoner  she volunteered to participate in his liberation  but was instructed to keep this strictly confidential  forcing her to break up with Topper.
As they were ready to start a new life together.
Topper s team proceeds.
A confrontation thwarts them.
He takes matters  however  Topper and his teammates reach the Iraqi hostage camp.
When President Benson hears.
The alarm is raised and a gunfight ensues  during  but has merely lost faith in fighting  and manages to remotivate him.
Whose course Topper finds out that Harbinger is not the saboteur.
Topper decides to rescue Dexter.
The prisoners are freed.
Who has been brought.
Topper enters Saddam s palace and runs himself.
The squad evacuates the hostages.
Who pulls out his machine pistol and commands Topper to surrender.
Topper disarms Saddam.
They engage.
President Benson arrives.
Orders Topper to rescue Dexter.
Benson and Saddam continue the duel.
Benson defeats Saddam  upon.
He and his dog solidify  crack  and melt  only to subsequently combine and reform with his dog s head fur  nose  and ears.
Topper manages to find and liberate Dexter.
The squad heads back.
Where Ramada   reveals and arrests Michelle as the saboteur who betrayed the previous rescue attempts to the Iraqis.
Dexter arrives and insists on taking a picture of him and Ramada  but backs away too far and topples over a cliff.
President Benson joins the escapees.
The evacuation team lifts off  Saddam is about to shoot down the chopper.
When Topper and Ramada get rid in it.
Crushes him.
Topper and Ramada kiss.
They ride off  although the chopper gets a little scorched from flying through the sun.
<EOS>
Finbar McBride  a quiet  withdrawn  unmarried man  has a deep love of railroads.
He works owned by his elderly and similarly taciturn friend Henry Styles.
Fin keeps.
He feels ostracized due to his size.
Fin is told.
When Henry dies unexpectedly.
The hobby shop is to be closed.
However  he also learns.
Henry s will left him a piece.
He moves.
He quickly finds himself reluctantly becoming enmeshed.
Joe Oramas  a Cuban American  is operating his father s roadside snack truck.
The elder man recovers.
Olivia Harris is an artist trying to cope.
It has had  from whom she is separated.
Cleo is a young African American girl.
Who shares Fin s interest and finally convinces him to lecture her class about them.
Emily is the local librarian  a young woman dismayed to discover.
She is pregnant.
Joe  relentlessly upbeat and overly talkative  soon cracks.
The two begin to take daily walks.
Joe pursues them.
When Olivia gives Fin a movie camera to film the passing trains.
Fin photographs them.
Joe and Fin sleep over after watching this footage and the next morning a flustered  unannounced David is greeted by the two of them.
The three forge a tentative friendship.
Is threatened when Olivia descends.
Meanwhile  Emily seeks.
Solace may not be as unpleasant as he thought.
Fin tries to protect Emily at a bar.
He pushes Fin aside  causing Fin to lapse back.
Fin spends the night drinking and  collapsing  is passed over by a train  undamaged but for his pocket watch.
Fin picks up the courage to talk.
If feeling blessed.
Later Fin even walks up.
She has attempted suicide.
He takes care.
She recuperates.
The last scene has Olivia  Joe  and Fin sharing a meal  closing the movie with their small talk and reconciliation.
<EOS>
A new rock-n-roll band plays.
However  is.
What the town does nt know.
The band is also turning kids.
The soundtrack features many prominent bands.
Most was performed by the members of King Kobra  with Mark Free on vocals  and Carmine Appice on drums.
<EOS>
A young rabbit named E.
B.
Is intended to succeed his father  Mr Bunny.
Intimidated.
B.
Runs away to pursue his dream of becoming a drummer.
Mr Bunny sends his three ninja royal guards  the Pink Berets  to find his son.
Meanwhile  Easter Chicks Carlos and Phil plot a coup detat to take over the Easter organization.
Wandering.
B.
Is hit.
Who was driving.
He s housesitting.
Feigning injury  E.
B.
Persuades Fred to take him.
He recovers  but when.
B.
Causes trouble Fred attempts to abandon him.
E.
B.
Persuades the human to help him.
Whom Fred saw in his youth.
The rabbit sees the Berets closing in inside a business.
Where Fred is having job interview.
E.
B.
Enjoys a successful recording session  but ruins Fred s job interview.
B.
Gets a tip.
Who invites him to perform.
Afterward  Fred attends his adopted younger sister Alex s Easter school pageant.
B.
Hiding. 
E.
B.
Alarmed  dashes out and disrupts the show.
The Pink Berets have apparently found him due and disgusted by Alex s awful rendition of Peter Cottontail.
Fred feigns a ventriloquist s act as his dummy.
They lead the show  I Want Candy.
Both his father  Henry  and Alex  are angry.
Fred is inspired to be the Easter Bunny himself.
E.
B.
Is skeptical.
He agrees to train the human and finds.
Fred has some genuine talent.
The Pink Berets close in.
B.
Prepares a decoy to fake his death and leaves.
The Berets see the decoy and  horrified.
The human has apparently killed E.
B.
Capture Fred and take him.
Fred is held captive and confronted about killing E.
B.
Carlos pretends to be upset.
B.
S death  silences Fred and seizes control.
Meanwhile.
B.
Is begins to berate him for leaving Fred.
Just then a production assistant arrives to tell him.
He is next to perform.
E.
B.
Leaves his dressing room and begins to feel guilty.
He discusses the situation.
E.
B.
Finds evidence back to the factory.
He confronts Carlos  but is immobilized and tossed into the chocolate bunny carving line.
Fred and Mr Bunny are tied up and are to be boiled alive.
Fred manages to free himself and Mr Bunny.
B.
Survives. 
Carlos  now a chick-bunny combination due engages battle with E.
B.
And defeats him easily due and then tries to lead the Egg Sleigh out with Phil directing with light up wands.
To stop the launch  E.
B.
Improvises a drum session.
Uncontrollably driven to dance  Phil provides the wrong signals  causing a crash.
Carlos is subdued.
Carlos is made to pull the Egg sleigh.
Phil is made the new head.
E.
B.
And Fred are made co-Easter bunnies and take over the job.
Fred s family is now proud.
He has a job and responsibilities.
B.
And Fred are delivering an Easter basket to the same woman.
Who had previously attacked Mr Bunny earlier.
<EOS>
A drunken college student invites a dance hostess and then forgets.
He asked her.
He tries to get rid.
When she shows up.
She wo nt leave.
Instead she stays and shows up both him and his classmates snooty dates.
<EOS>
British Army Captain Alex Foster allows himself to be captured by a German convoy transporting British prisoners.
Forster plans to take over the convoy and redirect it towards the Libyan port town of Tobruk.
Integrated. 
Has a few twists and turns.
Where they destroy a coastal battery and escape.
<EOS>
Austin  Lawson  Michael  and Will are four college-aged Christians.
Who have grown up.
They realize.
Their faith is more religion and less relationship.
They decide to expand their views by traveling by car around the United States and Canada for the summer.
They have been.
They depart  after stopping at The Grand Canyon and Las Vegas.
They reach California.
They then head up before turning east.
They pass through Glacier National Park  Yellowstone  Chicago  and Toronto.
The last leg includes Boston  New York City  Philadelphia  Washington D.
C.
Atlanta  and New Orleans.
They meet all kinds of people including beach bums  hippies  suburbanites  a clown  and a congresswoman.
Who each give them a unique perspective.
The trip is narrated by the four guys in a studio.
The footage cuts back and forth to trip throughout the movie.
They conclude.
They come.
The most important thing they learned is to never stop asking questions.
<EOS>
With the troops of German Field Marshal Erwin Rommel 90 miles from the Suez Canal  the staff of the British Eighth Army approve a plan to destroy the German fuel bunkers at Tobruk.
The original author has been captured by Vichy French forces and is interned at the port of Algiers.
Craig is a Canadian expert and has extensive practical knowledge of the Sahara  so he is considered essential to the success of the planned raid on Tobruk.
Craig is liberated.
Who are German Jews serving.
They then join up  under the command of Lieutenant Colonel John Harker  at Kufra.
Colonel Harker explains.
They have eight days to get and destroy the fuel depot and German field guns protecting the harbor  before a scheduled amphibious landing.
The plan calls.
Harker is antisemitic   Craig is noticeably frustrated -  Bergman s reply is rejected by Craig.
He makes known at several points  hardening Craig to sympathy for Bergman.
When the Captain seems to simply accept Harker s bigotry and also his seeming disregard.
When Craig asks Bergman why he does not speak up.
They encounter a patrol of Italians and Germans and trick them into attacking each other  then they navigate a German minefield before being mistakenly attacked by a British fighter.
Destroys both.
They are spotted.
When they shoot it down.
Who request guns.
It is.
Group is saddled Cheryl  who are traveling from Benghazi to Cairo on behalf of Germany.
They have papers signed  on behalf of the Fuhrer.
Is an agreement and a group of important Egyptian army officers.
The Egyptians will rise up in Jihad  a Holy War.
The movie implies.
The Egyptian revolt  similar  could be enough to mobilize the entire Muslim world to fight for Germany.
The Turks alone could put four million men  Cheryl Portman pointedly notes to Bergman.
But the Portmans are forced by a mysterious member of the SIG to trek to an underground communication cable in the desert.
Where they are spotted and shot.
Bergman and his men retrieve the injured Cheryl.
It becomes clear.
One is a traitor.
Harker humiliates Bergman do the same to the SIG -LRB- a pointed bit of dialogue ensues between the film s comedic relief characters  Alfie and Dolan.
Giving them two hours to find the traitor.
It is believed.
His suicide tablet is gone.
Bergman is not convinced.
The group finally reaches Tobruk  but discover.
Rommel has amassed reserves undetected by British intelligence.
This makes the mission even more important.
Rommel s reserves are enough to conquer Egypt.
The British commandos have the key.
Two of the German harbor guns are blown up.
The landing force is turned back  but the commando unit comes from German tanks led by Rommel himself.
Bergman and several men use flame throwers to help Harker evacuate some.
Craig  Sergeant Krug  and two others escape and jump a German tank well inland  with which they charge.
<EOS>
The story is set and takes place predominantly in Paris.
However  it begins.
The lovely housecat Mewsette and the accomplished but shy mouser Jaune Tom are.
The former is frustrated  to the point of calling him a clumsy country Claude.
Inspired  Mewsette runs away by taking a train to the big city.
Where she encounters the slick con-cat Meowrice.
Taking advantage  he puts her in the care of the sultry Madame Henretta.
Who promises to turn Mewsette.
Unbeknownst  Meowrice is grooming her to be the mail-order bride of a rich American cat in Pittsburgh known as Mr Henry Phtt.
Meanwhile  Jaune Tom and his sidekick Robespierre arrive  searching for Mewsette.
Training does not go well.
Meowrice takes her out to see the cat side.
As Mewsette is about to give up and return.
Reinvigorated  she returns.
Jaune Tom and Robespierre arrive just but are waylaid by one of Meowrice s shadowy cat henchmen and barely escape drowning in Paris s famous labyrinthine sewers.
Jaune Tom displays his incredible mouse-hunting skills in front of Meowrice.
Who sees a money-making opportunity  gets them drunk  and sells them as mousers.
Robespierre consoles a depressed Jaune Tom  telling him.
Any problem  regardless  can be broken up into manageable pieces  by remarking that even the mighty ocean is made up of little drops of water.
Jaune Tom has a vision.
No problem is unconquerable.
Mewsette finishes her training and is now lovely enough to impress even Meowrice.
Who commissions a series by such famous artists as Claude Monet  Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec  Georges Seurat  Henri Rousseau  Amedeo Modigliani  Vincent van Gogh  Edgar Degas  Auguste Renoir  Paul Cezanne  Paul Gauguin and Pablo Picasso  so that he can send them to Mr Phtt.
Meowrice quietly writes a check to pay his sister  Mme.
Reubens-Chatte  and takes Mewsette.
There  he reveals his plan to ship her and tries to coerce her to enter a luggage crate.
She manages to escape him and his sidekicks.
She leads Meowrice and his henchmen onto a bulldog.
Who injures him badly enough to put him out.
Meanwhile  his sycophants comb the city  searching for Mewsette.
Meanwhile  not long  Jaune Tom and Robespierre strike gold.
They reach Alaska.
Now wealthy  the two cats hurry back.
Disillusioned and homeless  Mewsette walks the streets.
Meowrice appears and captures her.
As she is about to commit suicide.
She is taken  en route to a boat to America.
All hope seems lost.
When Jaune Tom and Robespierre arrive.
They have been aided.
.
Who is irritated that her own brother double-crossed her and tears up the worthless check.
The three heroes defeat Meowrice and pack him into the crate intended for Mewsette  doubtless.
This will be a nasty surprise.
The film concludes.
Mewsette was seeking when she left home.
<EOS>
The film begins.
He is mugged and beaten by hoodlums and is severely injured in the head  losing consciousness.
He awakes and wanders back.
He awakes the second time and finds.
He has lost his memory.
He starts his life  living in container dwellings  finding clothes with help from the Salvation Army and making friends with the poor.
<EOS>
Imbued.
Would have a major political victory that year.
Lange  a mild-mannered clerk.
Who dreams.
He gets his chance.
The abandoned workers decide to form a cooperative.
They have great success about the cowboy  Arizona Jim.
Whose stories parallel the real-life experiences.
Lange and his neighbor  Valentine  fall in love.
Lange shoots and kills him.
When Batala returns.
Lange and Valentine flee to escape the country  stopping.
Here  Valentine tells Lange s story.
Who had recognized Lange on the run and threatened to turn him in to the police.
The men sympathize and decide to allow him to escape across the border to freedom.
The story is through.
<EOS>
A football player falls.
Who is dating another guy  while another can not figure out which girl he likes.
The Big Game  is looming.
A full scale prank war is underway.
<EOS>
A spaceship  bringing an alien creature to earth near the observatory of Professor Elliot  just days before the planet will pass closest to the earth.
They help it  but fail.
When the professor and his friend  American reporter John Lawrence  discover the creature.
When it is and try to communicate with it.
They leave.
The alien follows them home.
A colleague  the unscrupulous and ambitious scientist Dr Mears  discovers and tries to get from it by force the formula for the metal.
To communicate.
The spaceship is made.
He shuts and leaves it for dead  telling the professor.
Communication was hopeless.
Soon  Lawrence discovers.
The alien is gone  as is the professor s daughter  Enid.
Tommy  the village constable  reports.
Others are missing as well.
Lawrence takes the constable.
Where the spaceship has been.
It is no longer there.
They get word to Scotland Yard by using a heliograph to contact a passing freighter.
It is decided.
When an Inspector and sergeant fly in and are briefed.
The military must destroy the spaceship.
Lawrence objects will also kill the people.
Doing so.
Who are.
Lawrence is given until 1100 to rescue them.
He sneaks up  and learns from Mears.
The alien intends the ship to become a wireless relay station from its home planet  which is dying.
Lawrence orders  shutting off its breathing apparatus  then escapes.
The enthralled villagers to leave and attacks the alien.
Mears  however  returns and is killed.
When the military destroys the ship  just before the planet approaches and then recedes back.
<EOS>
The film shows the political system s changes.
The Sweet Emma  Dear Bobe shows the losers and their searching of way.
Emma and Bobe became redundant.
That Russian language had been removed.
The teaching staff also were shaken  accusing each other.
Emma and Bobe are learning English.
Emma also sells newspapers.
She has an affair.
Who is not too brave to decide.
One.
When Bobe and many naked women - teachers and nurses - are waiting.
Bobe is acquainted.
She trades.
Bobe will be arrested.
She finally jumps out.
Szabo s sensitive handling culminates in a meditative passage.
Which Emma stands  musing on the ` passion for love  which masks lack of purpose.
` Collective sin  may be dead.
This movingly delineates the private pain - Time Out Film Guide.
<EOS>
The film opens.
He finishes successfully.
Next  we see Dr Emma Peel.
Where she receives a phone call telling her to go - no women allowed - where she meets Steed for the first time.
The two head off to meet Mother.
Who informs them that the Prospero project - an attempt to influence the weather - was sabotaged apparently.
Mrs Peel claims.
She is innocent.
She is sent to work to find the real culprit.
Mother s off-sider  Father  claims.
Mrs Peel suffers.
They go off to visit Sir August De Wynter  an old ally.
He takes an instant liking.
They both share a love.
Steed and Emma follow a lead.
Artificially creates heat or rain.
Where they discover two dead men.
The members -- led by De Wynter -- all wear teddy bear suits to disguise their identities.
One  however  is a clone of Emma Peel.
Steed arrives to save Mrs Peel.
The double jumps off a roof  but disappears.
Steed and Emma go off to visit De Wynter - but are attacked by mechanical bees.
They manage to flee  helped out Alice  a Ministry agent.
Emma is captured  and tries to escape  but finds herself perplexed by the mansion s ever-changing floor plan.
She smashes her way.
Steed rescues her.
Back  Mrs Peel is arrested by Father.
Steed visits Invisible Jones  a man  to investigate the meaning of a map Steed found at Wonderland Weather.
Steed determines.
Father is working after viewing some photos of failed genetic experiments.
Father and the Mrs Peel s clone capture Mrs Peel  but are confronted.
Who is incapacitated.
De Wynter - controlling Prospero and the weather - confronts the world s leaders  boasting.
He controls the weather.
They will buy the weather  they will pay a lot for it.
They have to pay.
Father and Mrs Peel s clone take Emma.
Where Emma escapes.
Father and the clone perish.
Invisible Jones determines.
De Wynter is using the Prospero instruments.
Emma and Steed arrive.
Emma defuses the Prospero device.
As a hurricane forms.
Steed duels De Wynter  and impales him.
Emma and Steed escape just as the base self-destructs  and share champagne with Mother.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Monokoa  a volcano.
Has been dormant.
The last time  it destroyed a nearby island city completely and sent tidal waves.
It erupted.
Now  the volcano is showing signs  threatening the small town yet again.
Lois Lane and Clark Kent are sent by Perry White.
Who gives each steam tickets to the island  as well as press passes  ordering Lois to keep them safe as she stows them in her purse.
Clark ca nt find his press pass  and goes back into town to retrieve it.
Lois takes a tour.
Her guide tells her.
The plan to save the city is to blow a hole  thus altering the course of the lava flow from the town  to the ocean on the other side of the island.
Suddenly  the volcano begins to erupt.
Lava spews out  flowing towards the town.
Lois and her guide are separated.
Two men scramble to get to the machinery.
Will blow a hole.
A giant boulder cuts the wire connecting the dynamite  rendering it useless.
Clark sees the volcano let out a particularly explosive blast and says  This looks like a job for Superman.
He changes and flies up to the volcano  catching a huge boulder hurtling toward the town and flinging it into the ocean.
This momentarily leaves.
Lois is struggling to get away by edging hand over hand along a cable wire connecting two mountains.
She makes it.
As the cable begins to give way.
Superman saves her  then flies back  catches the cable car and flings it.
Dams up the lava flow.
Then Superman flies.
He pulls the two wires together to complete the connection.
The side of the volcano explodes.
The remaining lava slides harmlessly.
Lois and Clark are on the boat home.
Clark commends Lois.
Lois remarks  I would ve been.
Its too bad he was nt there as well  whereupon Clark pulls the second press pass sticking out and says.
I had nt lost my pass.
<EOS>
Max Dugan  the long-lost father  drops in on her.
Various trials and tribulations have befallen her.
He brings some promises and the news of his impending death.
He also meets and befriends his grandson Michael.
Donald Sutherland plays the police officer and becomes her boyfriend.
Who helps Nora after her car is stolen.
Former professional baseball player Charley Lau appears.
<EOS>
Barney Bear is selected to enlist in the army.
His hibernation is interrupted.
When a telegram is delivered and  misinterpreting the words on the telegram  assumes it s an actual vacation.
Barney enters the base  but discovers his true purpose.
Is refused departure.
He enlists  having his photo taken  his physicality examined  his flat feet inflated  his teeth fixed.
Has his butt stamped.
When he s passed all his exams.
He finally gets his uniform  gun and gas mask.
Is thoroughly tested.
Barney goes marching for 10000 miles  but is tired after just 10 miles.
His shoes get hotter and hotter.
They sprout out popcorn.
The whole thing turns out to be a dream.
When a spit wakes him up by burning his rear.
He receives a telegram telling him to enlist.
Barney can go back to sleep.
S.
Saying. 
This time  buddy  IT AI NT NO DREAM.
<EOS>
Four friends get involved in a careless prank.
Goes badly wrong.
They try to fix the situation and only succeed in making things worse.
Their weekend spirals out.
<EOS>
The film takes place of Oregon.
Charlie s mother was killed  leaving him alone.
Jess Bradley finds Charlie  takes him and raises him.
Charlie experiences some adventures growing up and visits to his friend Potlatch for snacks.
Potlatch  though has a pet terrier named Chainsaw  Charlie s nemesis.
Where Charlie grows up.
This rivalry leads.
Leads to more problems including another destroyed kitchen.
Jess   has found a girl.
Who has become his fiancee  and eventually gets married.
Jess is forced to lock Charlie.
Does nt hold him.
Charlie hears a female cougar and decides to break free and investigate.
The two have a good time playing.
It turns sour.
When his new friend wo nt share a meal she has recently caught.
Charlie moves on and finds himself getting a free meal.
Again  this does not turn out well on the farm.
Charlie finds.
Himself lost and.
He spends the summer hunting and getting.
When he  himself  becomes the hunted.
He manages to escape down a flume   He then finds himself back at the logging camp.
He hits a bunch.
However   his natural instincts have kicked in.
He s more wild.
Charlie runs and gets trapped on the ground.
When Chainsaw discovers Charlie.
Jess rescues Charlie.
Ultimately  Jess has no option.
To release him back.
Where he finds love  and lives happily ever after.
<EOS>
Jake Lever is a successful cardiologist living.
C.
He dreams.
His brother  Benjamin  tells him that they are okay.
Jake is confused and is baffled.
That day that his brother has died suddenly.
He feels guilty.
Jake finds out.
Because his brother s wife Leah has been left  they must perform a ceremony called halizah in order to nullify a levirate marriage.
Jake and Leah agree.
Jake changes his mind.
His brother gave him.
Dating.
Benjamin left home.
Much he loved his big brother.
He pulls Leah aside and tells her.
He does nt want to deny his brother s existence.
She wants to leave her mother s home  become independent  and start college.
Jake is constantly busy at the hospital  his girlfriend Carol has little patience for his new wife.
Leah adjusts.
But eventually  true love arises.
The two find.
The greatest gift Benjamin has left them is each other.
<EOS>
Fawn Deering is a college student researching animal mythology and human sexuality.
This project leads her.
She meets Adam and is immediately drawn.
Sophie the maid warns her to leave Jade Manor and never look back.
Fawn can not resist Adam s invitation to return that weekend to observe a bacchanal.
Sophie tries to get Adam to leave Fawn alone and not share their curse.
Adam has fallen with her and does not want to live without her.
Unfortunately  this means.
Fawn will have to become a Satyr.
Fawn spends most.
The transformation takes place.
Where she sees Adam is his Satyr form.
She journeys.
Fawn is completely transformed.
Where they profess their love.
Adam finally realizes.
He is cursing Fawn  and sets out to return her to human form.
<EOS>
Life Just Is tells the story and Jay.
Who are university graduates having trouble making the move.
Amongst the hanging out.
Their daily routines simmers Pete s desire to find a spiritual answer not to get hurt again.
Tom and Claire s ever increasing mutual attraction.
<EOS>
It is another peek.
What goes on.
Swastika plays an actress.
But the mysterious death keeps haunting her.
Satyabrato a boy started nourishing a dream.
His father got astonished hearing such a dream.
People dream to be a Cost Accountant or sometimes even to be a Pilot but become a B.
D.
O.
But this boy have gone mad.
He wants to be a hero  and in cinemas.
Yes Cinemas.
S the most horrid part.
There would have been a chance.
It was serial then.
They need people as because they are never ending.
But Satyabrato stood apart.
He started exercising physically and mentally.
He got in touch with a renowned director  a master craftsman regarding making Thrillers and Murder mysteries - Anirban Choudhury - Everything was going  OK for Satyabrato except his girlfriend.
Who was not at all ready to hear all those bull shit and wanted him to give the SSC exams if he was at all ready to leave his present job.
Glitter and glam was a part.
She loved and cherished these cherished looks of guys.
Who wanted to be close.
God gave her all these to hide her past life she loved.
Where she had a torrid experience.
A scar remained.
The man have passed.
Her beloved husband was a talented director.
Who had even received a national award.
But suddenly Anirban came.
Anirban a very shrude fellow  became very close and slowly but surely webbed the heroin with his cunning brain.
He poisoned her and insisted Ananya to kill Dipankar  Ananya liked Satyo.
A softness grew up and one fine evening  a bit drunk.
She disclosed the hidden truth.
And SATYO came out to be the one  nobody thought.
A reporter  with a hidden camera.
<EOS>
A string  often marginal  form part of.
What one might call the love Richter Scale and intersect  forming Prevert inventory.
Shaa and Massimo fall in love  and share their story.
<EOS>
Edith Guetz thoughtlessly told her son Tanguy   you can stay forever.
When he was a newborn baby.
You want.
28 years later  overgraduated student and efficient teacher leads his own successful wealthy life.
Still living.
Paul Guetz longs to see his son finally emptying the nest  alas  his desire is nt shared by his wife.
But  they decide to join their forces making Tanguy s life a living hell.
When Edith too ca nt bear her son s omnipresence anymore.
But they do nt know.
Tanguy is nt the type who gives up too easily.
<EOS>
Approximately two years after the original film  Captain Andrew Bogomil  Detective Billy Rosewood  and Sergeant John Taggart are trying to figure out who is.
The assailants leave behind.
Complicating matters is the new political state  headed by an incompetent and verbally abusive new police chief Harold Lutz.
Who is doing everything he can to stay.
Unimpressed  Lutz holds Bogomil responsible and suspends him  despite Bogomil s efforts to convince him.
When Rosewood calls the FBI to help solve the case.
Rosewood was only.
Lutz also punishes Taggart and Rosewood.
Bogomil is shot and injured by Karla Fry  the chief hench-woman of Maxwell Dent.
Finding out by a news report  Axel Foley immediately flies out to Beverly Hills -LRB- covering his absence from his actual job in Detroit by telling his commanding officer Inspector Todd  to repay the favor.
To help find out who shot Bogomil.
He owes Bogomil.
Taggart and Rosewood agree to assist Foley to find an excuse to get them fired.
Posing to get past Lutz  Foley soon starts making the connection between the robberies and Dent.
Foley has Bogomil s daughter  Dent is robbing his own businesses and is discreetly using his henchman Charles Cain as the front man for his operations.
Jan use her connections to find out about Dent s financial dealings.
Order to finance firearms deals.
Bogomil was shot.
His investigation was into the case.
Having foiled a robbery attempt  Foley is able to trick Dent s accountant into using his computer and discovers.
Dent and Karla are planning to leave the country.
Foley also learns and are about to go bankrupt except his race track.
All have had their insurance coverage canceled.
He is convinced is the next target.
Foley solves the latest riddle sent to the police  and is convinced.
This riddle was made easily solvable in order to implicate Cain  although Foley  after meeting him earlier  knows Cain is a patsy designed to throw the authorities off of Dent s trail.
The three arrive too late to stop the robbery and find Cain s body.
Foley notices some red mud.
Lutz announces publicly that the Alphabet Crimes have been solved.
Leads him.
Where Dent is making his final arms deal.
The three get.
Dent confronts Foley  but Foley gets distracted by one of Dent s henchmen on the roof above him.
Dent gets away.
Dent then crashes through the windshield  sending his car down a hill and erupting in flames  after running Foley over.
Karla appears and is about to kill Foley  but is shot dead.
The police arrive.
As the last thugs are about to flee.
Lutz tries to fire Rosewood and Taggart  and also tries to arrest Foley.
However  both Taggart and Rosewood stand up to Lutz this time and prove.
Dent was the real Alphabet Bandit.
They are also able to convince Mayor Egan.
The Mayor personally fires Lutz.
He is tired.
Bogomil is chosen by Mayor Egan to replace Lutz as the new Chief of Police  and Foley returns to Detroit.
Chewed out over the phone.
Before he gets.
After Egan called Todd to congratulate him.
<EOS>
A young farmer  Stanley Gifford  leaves his girlfriend Violet and goes to seek his fortune in the goldfields.
Violet s father  is blackmailed into giving him Violet s hand in marriage.
Pellew tires and abandons her  so she goes with her father to Ballarat to find Stanley.
Her father dies.
Violet is kidnapped after interrupting a bank robbery.
She is recused.
Pellew is arrested  but set free.
He agrees to be a police spy.
The Eureka rebellion takes place  Bentley acquitted  and the hotel burnt down.
Which a miner is killed.
Miners take refuge.
Pellew is killed.
Stanley iswounded  but he manages to escape.
They are united.
<EOS>
Set  the story follows Jeremy Jones  a young Jewish boy.
Who plays the cello as he pursues his love during their sophomore-year at the High School of Music and Art.
Susan begins to feel the connection.
Jeremy learns life lessons.
Susan s move could ruin their relationship.
<EOS>
Hariyali Aur Rasta is a triangular love story.
Marriage has been fixed in their childhood.
When they grow up  Shankar falls  though eventually ends up marrying Rita as per their family s desires.
<EOS>
A long weekend brings four New York women together.
Virtual strangers  the women are forced to navigate the depths.
All seems placid.
But the atmosphere is a facade.
The women are forced to reevaluate their perceptions.
One guest turns out to be a pathological liar.
<EOS>
A portrait hangs in Ivo s childhood bedroom.
A large Pinocchio puppet stands.
The acerbic tale focuses.
Ivo  newly released  tries to seduce Aldina Ferruzzi with whom he s infatuated.
Ivo equates her blond beauty.
She wants nothing to do.
He meets various madcap characters including an oboist  and Gonnella  the ex-prefect fired for his rising paranoia.
Who sleeps.
Gonnella makes Ivo his lieutenant and together they investigate the wild conspiracies going on.
The oddball pair attends a farcical beauty pageant and ends up lost among graceful African women chanting in the moonlight.
Where Aldina is crowned Miss Flour.
They discover an Inferno-like disco of fashion victims bopping deliriously to Michael Jackson s The Way.
You Make Me Feel.
Ivo realises.
Aldina s shoe  obtained surreptitiously  fits every Cinderella who tries it on.
Gonnella orchestrates a waltz but is thrown out after smashing the disc jockey s cache of records.
Meanwhile  the three demented brothers have caught the moon using gigantic farming equipment and roped it down.
Becomes a squandered opportunity turn it into a conference for official propaganda voiced to the assembled public.
What ought to be a sacred event.
The conference rapidly degenerates  What am I doing here.
<EOS>
It s Flashbeagle  Charlie Brown takes the form  presenting a series of different songs.
The program does not have a strong unifying plot.
The program begins  followed by an opening credits sequence.
Which the dog takes out a boom box and dances as the opening credits roll.
The next segment shows Peppermint Patty and Marcie.
Which Peppermint Patty leads the other characters while she sings I m in Shape.
The part.
Where she sings Hey Linus.
The scene changes.
The children begin playing.
A game Says before Lucy takes over the game and sings Lucy Says.
Later  the children dance.
The song Flashbeagle is repeated two more times.
Snoopy is seen accompanying Franklin and dancing to the tune there.
Later  Snoopy is taken by Sally Brown for Show and Tell  he begins dancing to the song Flashbeagle  played on a boom box.
All the children gradually join in.
The special ends.
He thinks he should do something.
Sally disagrees because  thanks to Snoopy  she got an A for Show and Tell.
<EOS>
The film introduces Mike.
To deal.
He feels.
One day  he takes a large quantity.
When faced.
He confronts the defensive writer.
When Steve takes notice.
Steve shows genuine concern and intervenes.
The film suggests.
Steve may be the only friend Mike has left.
Steve suggests a support group  Mike joins them.
Whom he has been affiliated.
He comes to realize and use extreme  sometimes supernatural  tactics to help new members remain clean and sober.
The group has a deeper occult agenda.
<EOS>
Thirty years ago  the Khmer Rouge perpetrated genocide.
Attempting to create a classless society  they killed nearly.
7 million people  primarily the adult  educated and artistic population.
Today  the children born face a bleak future.
Thousands of children are struggling to survive.
Abandoned  or forced to work  these children are left vulnerable and exposed.
Order to support themselves and relatives.
There are over 12000 children living  begging and working.
Their day-to-day heartbreaks  dangers and hopes come to life.
The Khmer Rouge took over Cambodia and killed.
7 Million people also known as.
Also included rape  torture and a living hell.
Now  you have children living going through the trash to find something to survive  to sell for money and getting sick and worse in the process.
Small Voices  The Stories is a heart-warming film by Heather E.
Connell  dump children.
Who spent several years documenting the struggles.
She brings the film through the sights and sounds of Phnom Penh and gives the film its soul through the voices of these children as they share stories of their lives and their dreams for the future.
They are the first generation.
<EOS>
Harold Lamb  a bright-eyed but naive young man  enrolls.
He meets Peggy.
They are attracted.
Harold decides the best way to ensure his popularity.
Is to emulate his movie idol.
However  the College Cad quickly makes him the butt.
Which the freshman remains blissfully unaware.
Harold thinks.
He is popular  when he is the laughing stock of the whole school.
His only real friend is Peggy.
Who turns out to be his landlady s daughter  described as what your mother was like when she was young.
He tries out.
The coach is unimpressed.
The coach uses him.
Harold has damaged their only practice tackle dummy.
The coach is about to dismiss the freshman.
He approves.
When Chet Trask  the captain and star  suggests making him their water boy  while letting him think he has made the squad.
Harold is persuaded to host the annual Fall Frolic dance.
His tailor is late making his suit   it is barely being held together by basting stitches.
Harold puts it and hopes for the best.
His clothes start to fall apart  despite the efforts of the tailor to effect repairs.
Harold knocks him down.
When Harold sees the College Cad being too forward.
The incensed Cad then tells him.
What everyone really thinks.
Peggy advises him to stop putting and be himself.
Harold is determined to prove himself.
His chance comes.
When the other team proves too tough  injuring so many that the coach runs out of substitutes.
Hounded and warned  the coach reluctantly lets Harold go in.
He will forfeit if he can not come up.
The first few plays are disastrous.
Finally  he breaks free and is the game  but  mindful of a referee s prior instruction  drops the football just outside the end zone.
He is to stop playing when he hears the whistle.
When a non-football whistle sounds.
The other team recovers the ball.
His teammates are disheartened.
Harold rouses them to make a final effort.
He chases down the opposing ball carrier  knocks the football loose  scoops it up and runs it.
Time runs out.
Tate prevails.
At last earns him the respect and popularity he was.
To top it off  Peggy passes him a note proclaiming her love.
<EOS>
The film features Jozsef Pelikan.
Who previously participated  but is now working at a dyke.
He meets an old friend.
Who fishes  near the dyke.
Daniel falls.
Pelikan rescues him and invites him.
The aVH receive a report stating Pelikan committed an illegal act.
Daniel tries to save him  but accidentally opens a hidden door.
Where all the pork had been hidden.
Pelikan is taken and later released  due to the will of the higher command.
Comrade Virag gives various assignments.
They present Pelikan with testimony.
He must memorize.
Pelikan decides to tell the truth.
He is thrown back as a reprisal.
The political climate changes.
Awaiting hanging.
He is released and meets Comrade Virag.
Who has lost all his former power and influence.
<EOS>
Learning  Isabel returns to her family s farm on the Gaspe Peninsula.
Her mother dies.
She can get there.
She reluctantly agrees.
When her aged uncle Matthew asks her to stay on and help him.
She finds herself haunted and sounds.
<EOS>
The Qin family is wealthy.
Master Qin has three children  Qin Feng Xiao and Feng Sheng  and a third son from his current wife.
The second wife is always causing problems and Feng Sheng and their father.
Feng Sheng leaves home to take the Imperial exams but is robbed and left.
He is rescued.
Who happens to pass.
The stepmother schemes to have Feng Xiao marry her cousin  a rich and powerful lord.
Sending him.
Feng Xiao is a virtuous girl and refuses to break up her engagement.
Feng Xiao disguises as a man to travel in hopes to find her brother.
The two can not find Feng Sheng.
The day approaches.
Feng Xiao takes the exams under her fiance s alias  Li Ru Long.
She hopes to have the power to free Li Ru Long.
She wins first place and becomes an Imperial official.
Feng Xiao indeed places first.
Fate would have it.
She is sent to meet the Emperor  and orders.
Who is pleased.
Her to marry the Princess.
Feng Sheng pays.
The would be Prince Consort Feng Xiao a visit.
Feng Sheng is now renamed Qi Cai Sheng.
He was adopted after his rescue.
Feng Sheng/Qi Cai Sheng hears may be the fiance Feng Xiao.
The name is Li Ru Long  whom he thinks.
Brother and sister come face to face and recognize one another.
Each tells the other.
What has occurred.
An Imperial order arrives  Feng Xiao  alias Li Ru Long  is to get married to the Princess.
They have not thought.
Unable to refuse and to explain  Feng Xiao finds herself.
A very confused Princess waits.
The night progresses.
Feng Xiao finally confesses to the Princess.
She is actually a woman.
Understandably  the Princess becomes furious.
But  she agrees to forgive Feng Xiao and to help her.
The next day  the two go to see the Emperor  he orders.
Who is so angry.
Feng Xiao executed.
But  the Emperor forgives Feng Xiao.
The Minister comes up  release Li Ru Long and unite him with Feng Xiao  and marry the Princess to Feng Sheng.
<EOS>
Ann is a young girl.
Who has been living.
She is disliked and spurned  and treated coldly by the orphanage administrators -- the reason for this  however  is unclear.
She is told during a.
She will be cursed until she is married.
Ann s stay is an endless series of unhappy circumstances  she steals a doll belonging to a popular girl named Goldie  then accidentally breaks the doll  thereby adding to her loneliness and misery.
One day   a fire breaks out from the flames.
The children are napping.
Impressed  a kindly couple  Samuel and Elinor Knapp take her in and later adopt Ann.
Ann immediately becomes smitten.
Believing  Ann attends a motion picture.
Her curse is coming.
Enthralled.
She had witnessed.
Unbeknownst  the gun is loaded.
A round goes off.
The stray bullet enters a neighbor s house.
Ann tentatively peers and is shocked to see her neighbor  Bill Higgins lying on the floor.
Believing  Ann is despondent  sure and fearful.
She killed Mr Higgins.
The curse is still.
Jimmie will never marry her now that she has committed murder.
The town is shocked.
When Mr Higgins returns home several days later and reveals that he had simply left town to avoid his wife s incessant nagging.
Overjoyed  Jimmie and Ann marry and the hoodoo is lifted.
But the wedding ceremony is not entirely a happy affair  Ann appears distracted and pensive  leaving the viewer to wonder.
She perhaps believes that the curse is still.
<EOS>
Mamoru hands a mysterious boy.
A rose before he disappears  vowing to bring Mamoru a flower.
Mamoru meets up with Usagi Tsukino and the Guardian Senshi at the Jindai Botanical Garden.
Usagi tries.
He walks off outside alone.
When he suspects that he is being spied on.
The stranger appears.
Usagi tries to break the man s grasp  but is knocked down.
The man vows.
No one will prevent him.
Mamoru tells Usagi.
The stranger s name is Fiore.
The senshi discuss an asteroid.
Which has started to approach Earth and on which Luna and Artemis have discovered traces.
The talk turns.
Usagi thinks.
She would be his family on.
She had promised him.
Fiore sends a flower-monster  Glycina.
Order to drain the population s life energy.
The Guardian Senshi free them and destroy the monster.
Fiore appears  revealing.
He is responsible and uses a Xenian flower before severely injuring the senshi.
Tuxedo Mask saves Sailor Moon  and tries to talk Fiore out of fighting.
However  the Xenian flower controls Fiore s mind and has him attack Sailor Moon.
Fiore takes Mamoru and begins to revive him in a crystal filled with liquid.
Tuxedo Mask saves her.
Mamoru remembers meeting Fiore.
His parents died.
Mamoru had previously assumed.
He had made up the boy.
Fiore explains  Mamoru gave.
He had to leave Mamoru.
Fiore a rose.
Fiore searched the galaxy to find a flower  finding the Xenian flower in the process.
Seeking revenge  Fiore returns to Earth.
Meanwhile  Luna and Artemis tell the senshi.
The Xenian flower can destroy planets using weak-hearted people.
Sailor Mercury realizes.
The energy matches the flower-monster s evil energy  deducing that Fiore has hidden there.
The Senshi decide to rescue Mamoru  Sailor Moon is reluctant to do so.
The Senshi and Chibiusa convince her to save Mamoru and confront Fiore.
Fiore reveals.
The Senshi fly.
He will scatter flower-seeds to drain humanity s energy.
The Senshi then fight hundreds.
The Guardian Senshi are captured.
Sailor Moon to surrender.
Mamoru escapes and saves Sailor Moon.
The rose embedded  freeing him from the Xenian s control.
The flowers disappear.
It continues to hurtle.
Usagi uses the Silver Crystal to transform.
Order to change the course.
Fiore tries to stop Usagi s transformation.
He soon realizes.
Usagi had given Mamoru the rose that was once given.
Fiore and the Xenian are obliterated.
Mamoru and the Guardian Senshi lend Princess Serenity.
Their powers and abilities to sustain the Silver Crystal as the asteroid descends.
The Silver Crystal shatters  the asteroid disintegrates and Usagi dies.
Despite Luna and Artemis  concern over  Chibiusa assures them.
The senshi are taking too long.
The senshi are all right.
Meanwhile.
Fiore reappears and thanks Mamoru.
Using a nectar-filled flower  Mamoru wets his lips with the nectar and kisses Usagi  reviving her and repowering the Silver Crystal.
Fiore  reduced again  returns to space to live in peace.
<EOS>
Four children -- teenagers Chris and Cathy and 5-year-old twins Cory and Carrie -- find.
Themselves penniless and forced to travel to live with her wealthy parents.
Corinne informs her children and simply says she had done.
There has been tension and her parents for many years  but does not elaborate.
They had cut her out.
They disapproved.
The children trust her.
Cathy is skeptical.
Corinne s mother Olivia  a religious fanatic  takes her daughter and her children  though with the harsh condition.
The children must be sequestered away so that her husband Malcolm will never know of their existence.
The children are shut up in one bedroom in the mansion  only with access to the mansion s attic via a secret stairway.
It is  Corinne and her husband were really uncle and niece  making their love incestuous.
There that the grandmother reveals the shocking truth.
Their children the product of said incest.
She is forced to show the children.
When Corrine finally returns that night.
She has been savagely horsewhipped as a punishment for her incestuous relationship.
Corinne admits.
She and their father were uncle and niece.
The children do not say anything but seem to accept it.
Corinne tells the children  her father is deathly ill.
Their confinement will only be.
Once she is able to convince him to secure her inheritance.
When he dies they will be free.
The film focuses with the ultra-religious grandmother.
Who loathes the children due.
The children struggle to survive.
As their mother s visits quickly taper off.
Olivia becomes obsessed with Chris and Cathy.
That they have become lovers.
Discovering them sleeping one morning  the grandmother smashes Cathy s ballerina music box  given to her by her deceased father.
She calls.
She discovers the two innocently talking while Cathy is bathing.
Them sinners.
Chris manages to chase her out  but later ambushes Cathy in the bedroom  locks Chris in the closet preceding the attic  and hacks off her hair with a pair of scissors.
She then starves them.
Chris is forced to feed Cory his own blood.
He does nt die.
The children are often sick.
Time goes on.
Chris and Cathy manage to secretly remove the hinges on a few occasions to sneak out of their room  and discover as well as dating a young lawyer  Bart Winslow.
Their mother has been living a life.
She does eventually come to visit them again.
They confront her.
Corinne is very defensive.
Acts insulted  cries.
They are cruel to think that she is deliberately neglecting them  or enjoying life while they are locked up.
She storms out.
Cory becomes deathly ill.
The children ask Olivia and Corinne to take Cory.
They do.
Later Corinne returns to inform.
Them Cory has died.
The children are devastated  but not long.
They start to suspect that Olivia has been poisoning all when their pet mouse Fred is found dead after eating part of a cookie.
Chris researches and concludes.
Cory and Fred were killed  mixed in the sugar on the cookies they are served with the breakfast.
The remaining siblings decide to leave the attic once and.
Chris sneaks out to steal money and discovers.
They escape.
Their mother is planning to wed Bart Winslow the next morning.
He suggests to Cathy they dress up  and use the wedding as a cover to sneak out of the house.
Upset. 
Chris takes her and beats her unconscious with a bedpost.
When Olivia secretly enters their bedroom the next day  hoping to catch them once more doing something evil.
Cathy decides.
They are leaving.
They should reveal themselves.
However   they find it empty   the grandfather  Malcolm  has been dead for months.
When they enter his room.
They also find a copy.
Connects the final dots.
States that if it is ever revealed that she had children  she will be disinherited and lose all of her money.
They realize.
Their mother was the one poisoning the cookies  not their grandmother.
The children crash the wedding ceremony and expose their mother  Corinne refuses to acknowledge the children as her own or to admit to poisoning Cory.
Cathy offers her an arsenic-coated cookie.
Tries to force her mother to eat it.
Where  Corinne falls and is killed when her veil is caught on a trellis.
Afterward  the children leave the mansion  the narrator explains.
Their grandmother looks on.
The children did manage to survive all although Carrie was ` never truly healthy.
She wonders aloud.
Her grandmother is still alive  anticipating Cathy s eventual return to claim the family s fortune.
<EOS>
A German scientist helps a Soviet general construct two nuclear bombs.
Of which is being transported by a mercenary on a train.
Malcolm Philpott  a member  is tasked to stop the bomb using a team of agents.
Of whom is Special Forces soldier Michael ` Mike  Graham.
Plutonium was stolen to make the bombs.
The only person has been subjected and is slowly dying.
Who knows the combination to disarm them.
<EOS>
Michel Durand is a psychoanalyst.
Who is.
Madame Kubler does not move.
What has happened.
<EOS>
Flagg Purdy is a handyman.
Who has been fighting a lifelong competition.
<EOS>
The story starts from the narrator Kaviraj Shyamaldas and initiates the history of Mewar kingdom.
Who narrates the cepi.
Rawal Mahendra-II died.
When Vallabhi was attacked.
His queen Pushpawati somehow escaped and went to Nagda area.
Later she died  giving her child.
The son grew young and was popularly known as Bappa Rawal.
One day Bappa Rawal met Maharshi Harti Rashi.
Bappa established the Great kingdom of Mewar.
Narrator Kaviraj Shyamaldas proceeds further - Rana Ratan Singh s wife queen Padmini   faced bad consequences due to Allauddin Khilji s intrigue and deception of forceful control over Chittorgarh as well as over queen Padmini.
Who was an iconic paramount.
The conflict between Padmini and Allauddhin Khilji led the last queen Padmini to sacrifice herself for the self-respect and honor of the dynasty by jumping alive in the heap of fire inside the palace at fort Chittor.
Narrator Kaviraj Shyamaldas s pen stops.
The maid s son Banveer  was intending to kill Udai Singh as well.
Who killed Rana Vikramaditya.
Pannadhay then sacrificed.
Her own son who was killed her son by having an impression that sleeping child is Udai Singh.
She saw her own son dying.
This sacrifice is remembered in the history.
Ultimately saved the dynasty.
The story goes further.
Maharana Udai Singh  father was compelled to depart the fort of Chittorgarh.
Queen Jaiwnti bai was facing ignoring attitude by Udai Singh.
Who was the first wife.
The Maharana Udai Singh was immensely fascinated.
The diplomatic queen Bhattiyani passionately devised a plan to establish Jagmal so as to make him the king.
The elder son Pratap was not offered the royal seat of the kingdom of Mewar.
All the noble heads came to know about Jagamal being made the heir.
Apparently ministers discussed the dismissal of Jagmal.
Rawat Krishna Das and Rawat Sanga suggested.
Pratap is the eldest son.
Worthy also  hence  he should be the Maharana.
The noble chieftains helped Pratap to occupy the Royal Throne and spoke to Jagamal - In your capacity as the younger brother  your seat is in front of the Royal Throne.
Thus   1572  Pratap s coronation was performed at Gogunda just after the funeral pyre of Udai Singh.
Pratap s coronation was held.
He was enthroned unanimously in.
Maharana Pratap was leading forward  at the same time emperor Jalal ud-Din Muhammad Akbar of Mughal dynasty was now ready to tackle the conflict in the form of a battle.
His strategy was to avoid the battle and motivate other kings to surrender in front of him.
Maharana Pratap was an exception.
Pratap won the battle.
Akbar sent many proposals to Mewar.
Akbar was that Mewar is the biggest hurdle in the path of expanding the domain of his kingdom.
A special delegation was sent to persuade and convince Maharana Pratap.
He shall accept the Mughal rule.
Mewar should work.
The special deligation consisted.
They requested Maharna Pratap to accept Akbar s proposal.
When Kunwar Man Singh came to Udaipur.
There was a grand dinner organized.
But Maharana Pratap decided not to attend that dinner.
Pratap sent his son Kunwar Amar Singh.
To dine.
This incident precipitated the Mughal-Mewar conflict.
Aftermath was the battle of Haldighati.
Battle marched south towards the village of Haldighati.
Where a pass accessed the terrain and his temporary capital of Kumbhalgarh.
Emperor Akbar decided to fight a battle and invaded Mewar.
Emperor Akbar sent.
Man Singh is popularly known as the battle of Haldighati.
It took place June.
Battle started in the narrow path of valley.
Pratap attacked.
He hid himself  thereby only rider was killed.
Shaliwahan were killed as martyrs.
Here Pratap was surrounded  at the same time.
Jhala Maan traded the crown.
Jhala Maan set a unique example by sacrificing his life to save the life of Pratap.
Jhala Maan holding royal insignia urged Pratap to leave the battlefield.
Pratap s horse Chetak was wounded.
Was hidden.
Ultimately Chetak died.
Crossing the terrain.
Chetak equally shares the respect.
Has been given in the history.
The battle ends within three hours of a short span.
The fact is.
The battle carried about a month long and ended at Gogunda.
The battle was truly a symbol  an epitome towards nation s love  spirit of sacrifice and loyalty of the Rajputs towards the defence of their motherland.
It was one.
They were compelled to eat unripe mangoes and horse s meat and were forced to leave Mewar.
Maharana Pratap displayed indomitable courage and bravery  he won the battle of Haldighati finally displaying the apocalyptic and splendiferous attitude of a true knight.
Akbar invaded the land many times.
Rana Kika never surrendered.
Mewar was invaded umpteen number of times.
Pratap escaped.
Enormous battle took place between Mughals and Mewar.
Maharana Pratap confronted 40 Mughal s cantonment and Mughal army faced extreme defeat.
Maharana Pratap established the capital of Mewar named ` Chawand  in Mewar area and promoted agriculture  music & art.
Further leading.
There came an immense tragic and disheartening day.
When while tightening the string  a muscle contracted in the intestine causing internal bleeding.
Pratap fell down and died in Chawand.
<EOS>
Elizabeth  a tough  jaded young woman  and Johnny  a shy  kind-hearted young man  meet and quickly become an inseparable couple.
Almost just  though  Elizabeth   becomes uncomfortable with.
Who d been abandoned before she was born and whose stepfather is an abusive alcoholic.
How much she needs Johnny.
Johnny  knowing  needs Elizabeth to commit and admit her love.
He just wants to be.
They have a falling out.
When she ca nt.
Johnny is in a car accident.
The doctors determine.
He does nt have long to live.
Elizabeth is devastated and filled.
Seth  a guarded  reclusive man with a mysterious connection to Elizabeth  takes it upon himself to save Johnny in the only way  he turns Johnny into a vampire.
He can.
Struggling to come  Elizabeth  Johnny  and Seth must do nothing less than discover.
Who they truly are and what they re really capable.
Daylight Fades is a film.
Explores loss  regret  love  redemption  mortality  and the bonds that can keep us together or pull us apart.
It s a story.
Who are desperate  realizing it may be their last.
<EOS>
Peyton Farquhar  a Civil War civilian prisoner and spy  is about to be hanged.
The rope breaks.
He is dropped.
He swims away  the soldier s bullets missing him.
Avoiding capture  he arrives and sees his wife and child.
He runs toward him.
The scene cuts back.
As they are about to fall.
The entire escape was a dream or hallucination.
He experienced before his death.
-LCB- -LCB- Infobox television episode -RCB- -RCB- Two years  the film was screened on American TV.
Part show The Twilight Zone.
Producer William Froug saw the film and decided to buy the rights to broadcast it.
The transaction cost The Twilight Zone $ 25000 - significantly less.
They expended.
However  Froug s purchase allowed to be aired only twice.
Consequently  it is not included.
The episode s introduction is notable breaking the fourth wall.
More than usual.
He explains how the film was shot overseas and later picked up to air.
Marc Scott Zicree s The Twilight Zone Companion incorrectly states.
The French film was purchased.
This mistake has been reprinted.
The Twilight Zone  Unlocking the Door by Martin Grams correctly verifies the purchase price as $ 20000 plus $ 5000 additional costs for reediting.
An Occurrence at Owl Creek Bridge was the last episode of the classic Twilight Zone to be produced.
It was not  however  the last episode to be broadcast.
<EOS>
Mark Hogancamp was attacked outside of a bar by five men.
Who beat him nearly.
Mark was discharged with brain damage.
Left him little memory.
Unable to afford therapy  Mark creates his own.
He calls that town Marwencol  a portmanteau.
He rehabilitates his physical wounds.
His photos are discovered and published and even shown in a New York art gallery.
When Mark begins documenting his miniature dramas.
But having the label applied to his intensely personal work forces Mark to make a choice between the safety of his fictional town and the real world.
He s avoided.
<EOS>
Renowned British big game hunter Captain Alan Thorndike slips through the forest undetected near the Berghof  Adolf Hitler s residence near Berchtesgaden.
Getting the dictator  he pulls the trigger on his unloaded rifle and gives a wave.
He ponders a moment  then loads a live round  but is discovered by a guard.
The shot goes wild.
Thorndike is taken to Major.
Quive-Smith is also a devoted hunter and an admirer.
Thorndike explains.
It was a sporting stalk.
The Nazi half-believes him  but insists he sign a confession.
He was.
He is tortured  but remains steadfast and warns.
When Thorndike refuses.
He is killed  as his brother  Lord Risborough  is a very important diplomat.
The phrase gives Quive-Smith the idea to have Thorndike thrown off a cliff to make his death look.
Thorndike survives.
When his knapsack gets caught  breaking his fall.
He eludes his German pursuers and reaches a port.
He steals a rowboat  but is forced to abandon it hastily.
When a patrol boat comes near.
He swims.
Vaner  the English cabin boy  helps Thorndike hide.
The Germans find Thorndike s coat and passport and search the nearby ship.
They place agent Mr Jones.
They find nothing.
After the ship leaves the harbour.
Jones is met.
Thorndike  mistakenly believing he is now safe  casually debarks and is spotted.
He manages to shake off his pursuers.
Jerry lends him money.
He can reach his brother.
Thorndike decides to hide.
When Lord Risborough tells his brother that the British government  continuing its pre-war policy  would have to extradite him if he were found.
Jerry tries to refuse a large cash reward  leading Lady Risborough to assume.
It is payment.
Thorndike insists.
He also buys her a new hatpin.
She had lost hers when they first met.
She chooses a cheap chromium arrow and insists Thorndike present it.
Thorndike likens it  saying.
Both are straight and shiny.
Jerry is in love.
Quive-Smith arrives to join the hunt.
The Nazis are once again.
When Thorndike calls.
Chased  Thorndike struggles with Jones.
Who is killed when he is thrown.
Thorndike tells Jerry to have Lord Risborough send him a letter.
Thorndike hides in a cave.
However   the postmistress seems alarmed and sends a girl.
When he goes to pick up the letter.
Thorndike grabs the letter and beats a hasty retreat.
Back  he finds.
The letter is.
Quive-Smith seals the only entrance and passes his quarry the confession and a pen.
Quive-Smith also slides with the arrow pin  informing Thorndike.
She was thrown out a window when she would not betray him.
They only discovered Thorndike s location.
He had written down.
Badgered  the grief-stricken Thorndike finally admits.
He subconsciously intended to assassinate Hitler.
He then agrees to sign the confession.
Quive-Smith unblocks the entrance  but waits to shoot him.
He crawls out.
Thorndike however has other plans  he uses his belt  a slat  and a stick to fabricate a bow  using Jerry s pin as the tip of a makeshift arrow  and shoots the German through the air hole.
Quive-Smith manages to wound him.
When Thorndike emerges.
He recovers  the war has started.
Thorndike joins the R.
A.
F.
Thorndike unexpectedly parachutes into the Reich with his hunting rifle to finish.
What he had started.
<EOS>
Shinji Ikari  still distraught  pleads for help from an unconscious Asuka Langley Soryu  telling her.
He is scared and that he needs her.
Upset and desperately trying to rouse her  Shinji accidentally dislodges her hospital gown and masturbates.
Standing next.
SEELE.
Gendo Ikari s treachery obvious  attempt to take control by a large-scale assault by the JSSDF.
The JSSDF soldiers invade NERV s facilities  killing all NERV personnel  with top priority given to the execution of the Eva pilots and the capture of the Evangelions.
Misato Katsuragi orders Asuka to be moved and placed at the bottom of a nearby lake  and rescues Shinji to have him pilot Unit.
She is able to bring Shinji  but is mortally wounded in the process.
She persuades Shinji to keep going and pilot the Eva one more time  giving him a long kiss  asking him to come back  and forcing him.
Misato wonders.
Kaji believes she has done the right thing.
Concluding  Gendo retrieves Rei Ayanami and retreats to begin initiating Third Impact.
NERV s defeat has become inevitable.
Meanwhile  Asuka reactivates the sunken Unit.
Her mother has always been.
Asuka engages the JSSDF attack force s aircraft and ground vehicles.
The Eva s external power cable is severed.
The mass-production EVAs are launched to defeat her.
Ritsuko confronts Gendo and Rei  intending to self-destruct the NERV facility to prevent Gendo from carrying out his plans.
However  her command is overridden.
Gendo kills her.
Shinji is unable to enter Unit-01 and join the battle.
The Eva is encased.
Outside  Asuka initially seems to cripple the new Evas.
The Mass Production EVAs reactivate despite their considerable injuries and resume destroying the defenseless.
Unit-01 breaks through the surrounding Bakelite on its own.
Too late to save Asuka  Shinji sees the mangled remains of Unit-02 and screams in torment.
Gendo attempts to merge with Rei to begin Third Impact.
However  Rei takes with Lilith  the creature crucified within Terminal Dogma  forming a luminescent  rapidly-growing being with Lilith s skin and Rei s body.
The Mass Production Evas crucify Unit-01 and begin the ritual to initiate Third Impact.
Shinji is driven.
The giant Lilith/Rei being rises out  morphing into the form of Kaworu as well as Rei.
Including a surreal and violent confrontation with Asuka  Shinji decides.
He is alone.
Unwanted and everyone should die.
The giant being creates a planet-wide anti-AT-Field  negating the AT-Fields of humanity and causing their bodies to dissolve into LCL  the blood of Lilith and the primordial soup from which life on Earth originates.
The souls are absorbed into the Egg of Lilith  a giant dark sphere cradled by.
She grows.
Lilith/Rei again gives control to Shinji.
The souls form a single  complemented existence.
Shinji s emotional sufferings and loneliness prompt him to accept this new form  thinking.
There could never be happiness.
Shinji realizes.
It is necessary to live and that to live life is to experience joy as well as pain.
The Third Impact is rejected.
Lilith/Rei decays and dies  releasing its anti-AT Field and allowing separate beings to potentially come back.
Asuka and Shinji are rematerialized together on a beach looking out on the severed head of Lilith/Rei and the apocalyptic landscape.
<EOS>
The Civil War   the Union forces are in retreat.
The Pauline Cushman Players are performing for wounded soldiers.
Pauline the spy.
Who works for Allen Pinkerton persuades Gail to become a spy.
Gail accompanies Pauline.
He will attend a ball that night.
Washing General Stuart s clothes  hears.
Captain Gaillard suspects and finds evidence in her room.
Pauline is a spy.
Pauline  trying to flee is arrested and is to be a witness.
Who is later sentenced.
Both women manage to escape.
Pinkerton decides to use Pauline  and part of the plan  she jeers at a parade of Union soldiers and is thought to be a heroine in the southern newspapers.
Gail  pardoned and heads south.
Anne Claibourne is.
Where Captain Gaillard is attracted.
However later Gail is told.
She is known to be a spy.
She flees.
Galliard can not believe and finds her.
She is a spy.
She strikes him off.
Others start.
She and the groom hide.
Where Galliard finds her.
She pours out her love.
A group pass by.
Groom rushes out  forgetting his Confederate clothes and is shot down.
The two hide is searched.
They later part.
She watches.
He heads southwards back.
<EOS>
Seiji grew up.
Who was raised.
The Muto family is composed only.
However they are part.
A rival syndicate  the Tendo  attack the Date family.
Leads. 
However Muto does not have enough so offers an assassination instead.
To stop his boss  Seiji informs the police.
Where Muto hides his gun.
Boss Muto gets arrested and sentenced to serve 2 years.
Seiji and Yoshi rob the financier and buy weapons from a Taiwanese dealer.
The two then attempt to murder the head boss.
They nearly succeed.
The boss is.
The act has compromised the future.
The Tendo family respond quickly.
Seiji and Yoshi return and tell him the two plan to attack the number two man of the Tendo family.
Boss Muto is expelled.
Yoshi gets killed under the order of the Tendo family  while visiting his girlfriend.
Expulsion Seiji returns to the Date headquarters and shoots the first person.
Who yells.
A member explains  so they think Boss Muto himself in to police.
Boss Muto was expelled because he went as when he was supposed to commit an assassination.
Seiji readily explains.
It was him who told.
Seiji carries out the assassination and is shot shortly after.
Seiji then goes.
Who takes him.
Boss Date is assassinated.
The Taiwanese arms dealer shows up.
He tells her.
He leaves.
Seiji must love her.
Boss Muto is murdered.
Seiji then retaliates.
Seiji and boss Muto s wife plan to escape.
Boss Muto s wife throws Seiji s gun.
Their boat begins to arrive.
They notice a policeman   hanging nearby.
They turn to get their luggage.
Who had provided information.
The two become aware.
They are cornered.
Their boat turns around.
When it sees trouble.
The assassin squad closes.
Seiji blocks all the shots.
The leader tells him.
Seiji lies dead.
He s way too cool and walks off Muto s wife.
<EOS>
Every ten years  the greatest swordsman faces the greatest swordsman from China in a duel to the death for their nation s honor.
Chinese champion Ching Wan and Japanese champion Hashimoto uncover a plot to rig the fight.
A duel approaches.
Ching Wan  known  is a peaceful and contemplative martial artist.
Who has trained.
Hashimoto is a pitiless and honorable samurai.
Who kills his sensei before leaving for the duel.
Meanwhile  ninjas led with the Chinese wardens of the duel to kidnap famous fighters and sabotage the duel for Hashimoto.
The honorable samurai  however  does not go along.
Together  Ching Wan and Hashimoto fight the various conspirators and manage to free the captives.
Afterwards  Ching Wan sees no point.
Hashimoto kills a Shaolin monk to force Ching Wan s hand.
The two warriors engage.
Both swordsmen become.
Mortally wounded before they separate and quietly stare out.
<EOS>
Shinchan and his parents along with his friends and families go on a cruise to.
Several days to meet Action Kamen.
But a group.
Who boarded the ship.
The movie starts.
When lollipop was going to be killed.
But Action Kamen comes and attacks the man.
The man was so omnipotent.
Action Kamen fell.
And Lollipop was being killed.
But unfortunately it becomes a suspense.
It shows.
He was watching that part.
And it also came.
If they wanted to watch the whole movie  they have to go.
So shinchan wanted to ask his mom.
This was the first part.
The second part is.
When Shinchan was.
Not only.
Harry or Hiroshi grumbles.
He has asked not for arguing.
Himavari was too.
Shinchan says.
Everyone might be missing me.
All the people were waiting for the helicopter.
Where Action Kamen was coming.
The movie was starting.
When he came.
Everyone came in the theatre.
Was. 
All the children loved action Kamen.
Some wanted to sit beside him.
They showed the same part.
When the movie started.
Was airing.
All the parents were loitering around the ship.
Hiroshi and Mitsy were looking.
Where there was an island.
Suddenly Hiroshi Spots something.
A tribe were coming in the ship.
<EOS>
Diane Parrish is impatient.
She needs the money to help her sick brother.
Joe Buchanan  one  asks her to stay away  claiming.
An emotional attachment might cause her to make a scene.
She shows up anyway.
Notices hers  but a fake.
The statue is not.
Boston Blackie spots him and fires his own pistol.
When Buchanan pulls out a gun to silence her.
Parrish is only grazed.
Buchanan accidentally kills his partner and the replica s sculptor  Eric Allison.
He automatically assumes.
When Police Inspector Farraday arrives.
Blackie is guilty and takes him.
Buchanan hides.
Then  he puts Allison s body inside and makes his escape.
When the coast is clear.
The replica is purchased.
Farraday keeps Blackie in jail  but not for long.
Blackie switches places and escapes.
He goes to see Diane.
To get  he once again appropriates the unlucky ice cream man s uniform and pretends to be Diane s doctor.
He arranges to masquerade as an insurance adjuster to give her $.
When he learns why she needs the money so badly.
He borrowed.
The money had initially been intended to pay off a blackmailing Mona.
Who claims she is Blackie s wife.
Diane realizes.
When Mona shows up and demands the money.
Blackie is her benefactor.
Buchanan arranges to buy the statue.
Blackie learns  and sees a way to unravel the mystery.
He follows the movers back.
Sneaking inside  he overpowers Caulder  one.
However  Buchanan returns   resulting a Mexican standoff.
Meanwhile  both Manleder and the Runt are picked up.
Farraday has them released  hoping they will lead him.
The Runt is too experienced to be taken.
Manleder does return.
Where they copy artworks.
Buchanan is killed.
The shots destroy the electrical circuits controlling the only way  trapping them all in the soundproof chamber.
Fortunately  Blackie comes up.
Firemen arrive to let them out.
<EOS>
A psychic named.
Quintus Ratcliff sends a woman back to find out about her past-life experiences.
She goes back  a woman from the Middle Ages.
Who is to die under suspicion of being a witch.
Quintis goes back in time to convince Helene to let herself be killed.
It will change history.
She avoids her death.
<EOS>
A group.
Who are trying to undermine the government.
The gang team up.
Order to stop the saboteurs.
<EOS>
Two loving parents  Phoebe and Nate  find.
Themselves hard pressed to emotionally deal that their kids are going off to school for the first time.
However  the kids themselves  Samson and Deliah  are dealing in a very adult-like manner.
<EOS>
Rajni lives with her father  Govindram.
Who is a respected gentleman as well as the village Sarpanch.
Govindram arranges her marriage.
When Rajni comes.
Shankar comes to see Rajni.
Both are attracted.
Then the peace is shattered.
When a notorious dacoit  Hiralal  breaks out and takes shelter in Govindram s house.
It is then Rajni.
Finds out that her father is not who he claims to be  is far  and has had a dark and parallel life.
The film has two famous songs.
Aaj unse pehli mulaqat hogi  which Rakesh Roshan sings riding  among others.
<EOS>
The movie revolves.
Anu is a happy-go-lucky girl.
Her life changes.
When her father gets transferred.
Her love life falls apart.
Her boy friend does nt respond.
Her father becomes seriously ill.
Her father s office colleague  Ramanathan  becomes a great source in these tough times.
Soon  he asks.
She accepts gratefully  and confesses.
She had a boyfriend  who has seemingly forgotten her.
However  she soon realizes the truth.
He is a sadistic and jealous husband.
Who tortures her no end and  not unsurprisingly  she opts.
With an infant in her hands  she lands in Chennai to take up a new job and start a new life.
Her life takes a turn.
She has a very supportive.
Janardhan  or Johnnie  is a talented ventriloquist.
He is popularly called.
Who talks.
He falls with Anu  but is unable to muster up the courage to tell her about it.
Her ex-husband s mother discovers her presence in the city and takes up a job as a maid in her house.
Anu also stumbles and discovers.
Her letters never reached as they were intercepted by his mentally-challenged sister.
Soon  Anu renews.
Her relationship seems to be looking up for her.
But the ghosts continue to haunt her.
Ramanathan comes.
Who now wants and redress the wrongs he had done.
The situation becomes piquant.
Way will Anu go.
Balachander takes the movie.
<EOS>
Noah Cruise is a naturally talented basketball player.
Who receives an athletic scholarship to UCLA where he moves to the suburbs.
Cruise wishes to use his scholarship to obtain a career.
He is a skilled player.
He has to deal.
Come. 
Vaughn pressures Cruise to pursue a career.
Tech  also a basketball prodigy  dreams.
Tech is also struggling to obtain his GED to move.
An assault charge.
He took to protect Cruise.
The friends meet two women.
They head.
Will change their lives forever.
<EOS>
The movie portrays.
The story emigrated in Germany in the.
Romano  the father  decides to open a pizzeria  leaving his sons Gigi and Giancarlo to work there.
Will call Solino.
A hostile relationship comes.
Will end up from family.
<EOS>
The film follows Helen Quilley.
Who has just been fired.
The plot splits  also detailing the separate path.
She misses her train.
Her life would have taken had she boarded that train.
Which she boards the train.
They strike up a conversation.
She gets home to catch her boyfriend  Gerry  in bed with his ex-girlfriend  Lydia  she dumps him and moves in with her friend  Anna  and changes her appearance for a fresh start.
James continues to serendipitously pop  cheering her up and encouraging her to start her own public relations firm.
She and James fall despite Helen s reservations about beginning another relationship so soon after her ugly breakup with Gerry.
Eventually  Helen discovers.
She s pregnant  believing it is James  child  and goes to see him.
She is stunned to learn.
He is married.
Upset  she disappears.
James finds her and explains.
He was married but is now separated and planning.
He and his soon-to-be-ex-wife maintain the appearance.
Helen walks out and is hit by a car.
She and James declare their love.
Which she misses the train.
A man tries to snatch her handbag.
Helen is injured and goes to the hospital.
She arrives home.
Lydia has left and carries on  oblivious  and takes two part-time jobs to pay the bills.
Gerry conceals his infidelity and juggles the two women  Lydia even interacts with Helen on several occasions.
Helen has a number but discovers.
She s pregnant.
She never manages to tell him  but does tell him.
She has a job interview.
Gerry  thinking  goes to see Lydia.
Helen is.
Who is also pregnant.
She ca nt do the interview.
Gerry answers the doorbell and sees Helen standing at the door  she is stunned to see Gerry  while Lydia tells her.
She s deciding whether or not to keep your boyfriend s baby.
Distraught  Helen runs off and falls down Lydia s staircase while trying flee.
Helen goes to the hospital and loses her baby.
Which she boards the train.
Which she misses the train.
She sees brief visions of the alternate Helen s life in a dream.
James is leaving the hospital after visiting his mother.
Helen is leaving.
Helen drops an earring.
It is picked up.
This mirrors the start.
Where James picks up Helen s earring.
Helen is fired.
James tells Helen to cheer up  and repeats his line  You know.
What the Monty Python boys say  Helen says  Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition.
She and James stare  each surprised by her response.
The lift doors close  leaving the audience to speculate.
Whether it was fate or coincidence that brought Helen and James together.
<EOS>
Daffy is taking a.
When he hears the sobbing.
The little yellow duck stops sobbing long enough to emit a loud AAH  SHUT UP.
When Daffy tries to find out what s wrong.
The duck tells Daffy  AAH  KEEP YOUR HANDS OFF  MISTER ANTHONY.
When Daffy tries to find out what s.
Even the presence does nt stop the yellow duck from stopping Daffy with a loud  AAH  LAY OFF  YOU  DUCK.
The hunter decides to go instead.
When Daffy confronts the hunter.
The next few minutes follow a typical Hunter/Prey cartoon  -  he tells the artist - It says so in my script.
When Daffy comes.
There s supposed to be a barrel.
J.
L.
Will hear.
About 2/3  Daffy and the hunter team up to try to get the briefcase  but are stopped.
When they run down the road.
The hunter then tries running  but runs over a cardboard cutout of Daffy  thinking.
It s the real thing.
Daffy decides - but is knocked down the side  melting down the rocks.
When the little yellow duck ruins Daffy s fun.
Enough is enough and tries grabbing the briefcase away.
He reveals.
When the hunter is also knocked down.
He was able to swipe the briefcase.
The two take a look inside  and soon are just as distressed - the content is a piece of paper with the words.
The End  displayed as the cartoon ends.
<EOS>
The movie opens with Ulquiorra in Hueco Mundo.
Ichigo wins.
Some time later -LRB- i.
E. 
Ichigo is living peacefully in the real world.
When Rukia Kuchiki and Renji Abarai arrive  but refuse to inform Ichigo.
Ichigo s school is attacked by a set of powerful  mask-wearing spirits called the Unforgiven.
It is revealed  breaking the mask triggers the appearance of the guardians of Hell  a Kushanada.
When one has his mask broken.
They have escaped.
Who then impales the unmasked Unforgiven and drags him back.
However  the battle turns out to be a ruse   Ichigo s two sisters are attacked by Shuren  the leader of the Unforgiven.
Ichigo and his friends are engaged.
Ichigo manages to return to attack Shuren  but is unable to defeat him.
An Unforgiven named.
Kokuto rescues Karin Kurosaki.
Shuren manages to depart.
Kokuto offers to assist Ichigo.
Uryu Ishida decide to join the quest.
The group is attacked by Kushanada.
Ichigo s Hollow mask begins to spontaneously manifest.
Kokuto warns him to avoid using his mask.
He lose control and hollowfy entirely.
It is also revealed  consumed spirits are eventually reborn.
Spirits killed  and that the Kushanada torture Unforgiven for their sins by catching and consuming them.
Which they are again caught and consumed in a cycle which continues until the spirit is completely crushed.
The group then catches up and engage in battle and locate Shuren s lair.
Ichigo and Kokuto move on.
Where Yuzu is locked.
Shuren reveals.
He wants Ichigo to use his Hollow powers to destroy the Gates in the belief that this will free the Unforgiven from Hell.
Kokuto betrays and attacks Ichigo  revealing.
Shuren and the other Unforgiven are defeated.
He was the one  as he also wishes to use Ichigo s power  believing that it can be used to break the invisible chains which tie him to Hell.
Kokuto then taunts Ichigo.
Yuzu has become an Unforgiven  after which he cuts down Rukia  Ishida  and Renji.
An enraged Ichigo transforms with his Cero  destroying most of the chains binding him to Hell and burning through the gates of Hell.
Renji breaks Ichigo s Hollow mask and activates a kido  Rukia  and Ishida trapped.
Teleports Ichigo and Yuzu out  leaving himself.
Ichigo is put by Soul Society to prevent him from returning to Hell.
Orihime fails to heal Yuzu.
The damage caused has spilled into the real world.
However   Ichigo decides to return and rescue his friends.
When Yuzu spontaneously recovers.
Returning  he finds Kokuto.
Who reveals that Rukia has turned while Renji and Ishida have been killed.
Ichigo fights Kokuto and attempts to resist transforming.
Attracts the attention.
The Kushanada grant him the power to defeat and seal Kokuto away  as well as the ability to free his friends from the Unforgiven chains.
The group then flees Hell and emerge back.
The gates repair themselves and vanish.
<EOS>
Two passengers and the conductor discover.
A person died after taking an overdose.
They come in a small box and decide to keep it for themselves.
The man had brought.
Their plan begins to fall apart.
They become suspicious.
We see a backlit man running.
Opening credits roll.
A nearly deserted train pulls get out  take a stretch  and kill time.
No one seems.
The man calls out  runs and seems to want to board.
As the train is about to depart.
We saw.
He does not speak and  thinking  the conductors let him.
Perhaps he does not know English.
He joins two.
Who seem to be.
One offers the man a drink.
Downing a mouthful for the second time in the few moments  the man washes them down with the vodka.
We ve met him.
Soon.
The man dies.
The two passengers fetch the head conductor and alert him to.
What has happened.
Glover intends to call the authorities.
But Zahn discovers a mysterious object.
The dead man was carrying it.
Taking her bite.
Sobieski looks.
Both immediately become convinced.
There is a liberating fortune.
Both begin to think to keep it.
They suggest the idea it was traveling in back to his office  purportedly to keep it safe and call the authorities.
Who tells them they re crazy.
But he too peers inside.
His will is overcome.
The three decide to dispose and keep the treasure for themselves.
Their only problems now are keeping anyone else.
Paranoia takes hold and the box s broadly hinted influence continues to do its work.
Richard OBrien -LRB- Riff Raff.
Makes an appearance.
<EOS>
Set  youth gang violence is so high.
The areas have become free fire zones  into which not even the Police will venture.
Robotics specialist Dr Robert Forrest provides tactical education units.
When Dr Miles Langford  the Principal  decides to take his school back from the gangs.
These humanoids have been programmed to teach and are supplied to discipline.
The androids soon overstep their authority  causing the students to fight back.
<EOS>
A young Irishman Patrick Shaw enters the US illegally.
Landing start with dreams of striking it rich.
Soon find themselves and drifting apart.
The more cautious Patrick finds himself devoting time.
Seamus pursues various get-rich schemes.
<EOS>
The film starts Poley  Frizer and Skeres interrogating Ned after torturing him.
Ned tells.
Five years ago  the Russian mobster Skinny Faddeev gave 30 million dollars to Anton to lose a fight against his nephew.
However  Anton killed the nephew.
He was sentenced.
When Skinny was found dead.
A girl name.
Lexie Persimmon wrote him.
Later  however  Anton was released.
When another prisoner confessed.
Ned finds this suspicious.
Now  Anton gives Ned the job.
Whom he has taken a liking.
Ned is sceptical.
He does nt even have a photo.
People start dying mysteriously.
He starts investigating and finding various clues.
Meanwhile  Ned also notices and assumes.
A black Lincoln is following him.
It is Russian mafia.
Ned finds a lead.
Lexie might be.
He meets a waitress named Fay Neman  a particle physics buff.
Who helps him.
Ned meets Simon  his wife Julie and the geek physicist Niels Geck.
Who is conducting the experiment.
Simon only has interest and does nt feel anything.
When Julie tries to warm up.
Ned realizes and decides to tell her.
Julie may be Lexie.
What is happening.
Meanwhile  Anton tracks Ned down.
Ned confronts Julie.
Julie has no idea.
What he is talking about.
Here  Ned and Julie hear gunshots  making.
Ned realize that Anton is there.
Realizing  Ned tries to save her.
He and Anton both have mistaken Julie.
Ned is astonished to find Niels dressed.
When the duo head.
A box containing some cosmetics has the phrase.
Lex Parsimoniae printed.
Ned realizes.
Niels wrote the letters.
Anton is angered.
Niels tries to convince Anton to accept him.
Niels is armed to placate Anton.
Happens. 
The story cuts back to present.
Where it is revealed that Niels and Anton killed each other.
The detectives have held Ned and Julie hostage.
Ned accuses the trio.
He met.
He also accuses.
Skinny was killed.
Ned proves.
Frizer  who has a short temper  killed all the people who could have known.
Frizer admits his crimes.
The other villains scold him.
Ned takes a look and realizes something.
He tells the villains.
He knows where Niels stored the diamonds.
The villains take Ned and Julie.
Where he had confronted Julie after she showed him a hidden shoebox.
Skeres and Frizer go to get the shoe box.
Julie and Ned are.
Meanwhile  Poley spots Julie and Ned signalling each other and realizes.
They are just playing around.
He attacks them.
They overpower him and manage to drive the car.
Here  Skeres and Frizer are disappointed to not to find the diamonds.
They realize and start shooting.
When they see the car coming.
What is happening.
Ned kills all the three villains.
Meanwhile  Simon finds.
Julie and Niels are both missing  but decides to start his final experiment.
The experiment creates a rift.
Simon dies.
Ned and Julie drive to safety  barely escaping certain death.
Ned is shown driving the same car with Julie & Fay  whereupon.
It is revealed that the diamonds were.
Now  Ned has given the box.
He and Julie intend to live together.
<EOS>
Chas is a soldier  his speciality is intimidation through violence.
He collects.
He is very good  and has a reputation for liking it.
His sexual liaisons are casual and rough.
He forbids Chas to get involved.
When Flowers decides to take over a betting shop  owned.
He feels Chas s complicated personal history may lead to trouble.
Chas is angry.
Who retaliates.
Chas shoots him  packs a suitcase and runs.
Chas decides to head.
When Flowers makes it clear that he has no intention but instead wants him eliminated.
He assumes.
A new name  Johnny Dean  appears  ingratiates himself with Pherber  one of the female inhabitants  and moves in.
Turner is a reclusive  eccentric former rock star and.
Who has lost his demon.
Who lives there.
Whom he enjoys a non-possessive and bi-sexual menage a trois.
Chas is contemptuous of Turner and Turner attempts to return the rent paid in advance.
They start influencing each other.
Chas also enjoys intimate moments.
Which he shows his homophobic tendencies.
Pherber and Turner understand his conflict and want to understand.
What makes him function so well.
To speed up the process they make him take hallucinogenic drugs.
Chas opens up.
He begins a caring relationship  implying.
He outgrew the psychological boundaries he was stuck.
Subsequently   Turner is shot by Chas.
Pherber is last seen hiding.
Chas seems to agree to be ` welcomed back  by Rosie  another Flowers thug  we understand.
They are going to kill him.
The face is ambiguous - it could be Chas.
The car drives off.
We see.
It could be Turner.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Of whom are presumably close.
Cracking under the starvation  tries to kill and eat Frog  the duo is picked up by a Spanish Galleon and are forced into slavery before instigating a shipwide mutiny with the other prisoners and taking control of the vessel.
Frog falls.
Red covets the golden throne.
The Spanish have taken.
Large amounts occur.
They recruit a crew to win over the gold throughout the remainder of the film.
Ironically  the film ends  with Captain Red and Frog again stranded on a raft  Red sitting on the golden throne urging Frog to eat and fatten up.
<EOS>
The film portrays friends Marvin ` Shake  Tiller and Billy Clyde Puckett.
Who play.
She initially has romantic feelings.
Who has become more.
<EOS>
The story centers.
Who are immortal.
The lead character  Colin MacLeod  became an Immortal in 125 AD in Roman Britain.
When his village was attacked.
Another Immortal  Marcus Octavius  was leading the Roman Empire s military forces.
Octavius killed Colin s wife  but was not able to kill Colin.
Whose unconscious body was dragged to within Stonehenge  a holy ground in the story  where Immortals are forbidden to fight.
Waking days later  Colin is left confused about who and.
What he is  and why he is still alive.
It is.
The spirit begins communicating with MacLeod and explains to him what he is.
Colin learns.
The druid becomes his lifelong teacher and conscience.
The movie interlaces flashback scenes and Colin s following plight for vengeance throughout time.
Marcus attempts to re-enact his utopian society.
Marcus serves as a high-ranking member of various powerful empires  ranging from the British colonial empire to Nazi Germany.
Marcus wants to encourage the development.
The side tend to be ruthless and authoritarian.
He chooses.
Colin clashes with Marcus multiple times throughout history  always fighting on the opposing side trying to bring down.
Ever authoritarian regime Marcus is supporting.
Neither one ever succeeds.
Colin is often badly beaten.
Marcus is the bringer  Marcus cares more about building an empire and less about people s well-being  with an ends-justify-the-means mentality.
Colin finds Octavius in a post-apocalyptic future of New York City.
Octavius has stopped supporting other regimes but is setting up a new empire as its tyrannical leader.
Marcus is busy making plans to release a deadly virus.
When Colin arrives.
Will further his goals.
Colin falls.
Colin defeats Octavius.
His Quickening destroys the virus.
<EOS>
Andrea Richler is a well-known director.
Who returns to film a high-budget musical drama.
She has a brief but unsettling encounter with a suicidal elderly woman named Estelle.
This is briefly forgotten.
Later when she meets the old lady again.
Paule discovers that the actual events mirror the fictional events in the director s film.
<EOS>
Fuyajo is.
Who struggles.
He is despised as being a ` fake  Japanese.
He is half Taiwanese and half Japanese.
He is framed.
Who murdered one.
He meets this very person s girlfriend Natsumi.
They join together.
<EOS>
The 3-minute film is following a tadpole.
Who grows legs and is teased for it until the others unexpectedly grow legs too.
<EOS>
A starship from Earth crashes.
The survivors have to evacuate far away.
The radiation levels go down.
All attempting to return die.
When crossing a treacherous mountain pass  due.
Finally   their teenaged children - all - and one decide to try to reach the ship one last time  to gain needed supplies and set off a beacon.
When only a few survivors are left.
Who were born.
Would summon a rescue mission.
<EOS>
The film is a melodrama.
Who resigns.
<EOS>
A lady left.
When they were kicked out and moved to Athens in order to survive.
Later  she married the most greatest and richest man.
He was played.
<EOS>
Elvira  an attractive but insecure twenty something  joins her sisters.
Their mother -- a divorced concert pianist -- announces  but is interrupted.
They prepare to celebrate their mother Sofia s birthday.
She s fallen.
She describes her new partner.
The three sisters gleefully speculate.
She goes to get the door.
Their joy suddenly gives way to shock though.
When their mother returns.
They realize.
Their mother is a lesbian.
The girls handle the shock.
Elvira confides.
Sol composes a song and her lesbian relationship for her band.
Her husband is concerned.
Jimena herself does nt act out.
His mother-in-law s sexuality affects his image.
They become suspicious to find a way to get their mother to break up with her.
When the girls find out that their mother has given the much younger Eliska a significant amount.
<EOS>
Parmanand lives a poor lifestyle  Maya  and her two children  a son  Murli   and daughter  Kamla.
Who is studying.
Parmanand is and hopes to marry her someday.
Parmanand notices  so he steps aside and permits him to marry her much.
When Murli returns home.
He loves Bindu.
Parmanand finds out.
Murli has been spending a lot with Chandra  the daughter of Hariram Prasad.
He gets abused  and beats Murli up.
When he counsels Murli.
Upset  Murli and Bindu move out.
Shortly thereafter Bindu gets pregnant much.
Chandra confronts Bindu.
Murli files a claim.
Watch.
What impact this has.
<EOS>
Musicardi s octogenarian widow  Ana Maria de los Dolores Buscaroli  called Mama Cora  has four children  Antonio  Sergio  Emilia and Jorge Musicardi.
Whom she lives and goes.
This situation  plus lack  makes.
Susana ask desperately to take their mother with any of them for a while.
Susana had a domestic problem.
The first was preparing some mayo.
She went to nurse her daughter leaving the ingredients alone.
Mama Cora remembered an earlier conversation.
She thought  causing Susana s rage.
This concoction was to make some  innocently adding sugar  milk and eggs.
She storms.
Who s getting ready wife Elvira and their daughter Matilda to welcome  with the classic Sunday meal.
Who ascended socially and economically.
Mama Cora s destiny is debated  Sunday raviolis and the tomato sauce made.
Lunch is burnt.
Noone wants to take responsibility with the women speaking out their opinions and the men trying to maintain respect for the name of their mother.
Mama Cora  due to  decides to go out and stop bothering for some hours and ends up in the house across Sergio s taking care  as a favor  of Dominga s son.
What happened.
Nobody finds her.
Who committed suicide throwing herself.
It s no other.
The tragedy is informed to the distant relatives and the very poor Emilia.
Who arrives.
The old woman watches people coming and going in and out from Sergio and Elvira s house.
Years come up between all of them.
They prepare the service.
Misunderstandings follow.
Family s awful truths surface.
Mama Cora reappears leaving everybody astonished.
The family reconsiders and values the presence.
She and her friends go.
Susana laughs out loud  she mocks.
Them and herself will be the same again.
<EOS>
Adapted.
Higgins  novel and set Softly follows professional enforcer Jackie Cogan.
Who investigates a heist that occurs.
The film also features Scoot McNairy  Ben Mendelsohn  Ray Liotta  Richard Jenkins   among others.
<EOS>
To. 
Ten years is living the dream of the successful young executive  complete with luxurious suburban house  white Jaguar  and two wonderful children.
But Joe finds it hard to stand face to face.
<EOS>
Maciste finds himself in 13th Century China rescuing a Chinese prince and princess from the Tartars and leading the Chinese into a revolt against them.
<EOS>
The Stooges have lost their jobs.
Adding insult  they received a letter from Dad with the news.
He requires surgery.
To help pay  the father suggests the boys search for uranium on his mining property.
The boys locate the uranium  but run afoul.
Then   it starts gushing oil.
When they are trying to fix the water pump.
Joe tries to cork it.
He is sent flying.
It does  much.
When he wishes it would stop.
Joe manages to get the oil started again.
Boys are.
<EOS>
Murder Seen centers  a botany grad student.
Who happens to experience disturbing visions.
Her visions and the phone call have an actual basis.
They link her story as the only suspect.
Detectives Keegan and Stepnoski eventually give some credit.
But  Zoey decides to track him herself.
When they find a new suspect and are obliged to release him.
<EOS>
A deranged man calling himself James Pettis approaches the Grand Rapids Press demanding.
It publish his predictions.
A local police detective Mancini tries to get Pettis to reveal information  and to rescue the hostages.
Will help him confirm the truth.
Over the course begins to suspect.
Either Pettis  story is a delusional hoax  or that the steamroom killing has already taken place.
The scene is shown meeting in the steamroom of a luxury hotel as part of an online dating promotion  then being locked in there together.
Pettis describes developments to Mancini.
They react badly  Frank becomes abusive  and is killed in her defense by openly neurotic Margaret.
When they discover that they have been locked.
Jessie is killed by an unseen assailant  Christopher is injured in the hand with a nail.
When she pokes her head.
The window is boarded over.
Margaret becomes agitated and commits suicide.
Grant is bludgeoned.
He accuses her and Christopher  and repeatedly holds her head underwater.
Mancini s call finally brings staff from the local state psychiatric hospital.
Which Pettis recently escaped.
It is revealed.
Christopher and Catherine are staff  and are unhappy with Pettis for going to the news media and police with this story.
<EOS>
Billy is a boy.
Who has to decide what he will do.
His father works as a fudge packer and has several men under him.
His mother is visited.
Who knows how to please the local housewives.
His sister is preparing to be a good wife.
Every shot is moving a phallic object to her mouth.
<EOS>
Legendary Korean spy Dachimawa Lee is assigned to recover the fabled Golden Buddha statue.
His mission ends.
Lee discovers  and must face off.
His mission was sabotaged.
<EOS>
Vijay Kapoor is a successful businessman.
He lives happily.
Ajay  their only son  received an academic degree and came back home now.
Who was studying abroad and has graduated.
Rajesh Purohit enters the family  and deviously impresses Vijay.
His eldest daughter Priti.
Whereas his main goal is to impoverish their family and take.
Soon  Vijay approves the marriage.
Meanwhile  Ajay falls with Nisha and plans to marry her too.
Vijay convinces Ajay.
Though Ajay wants to start his own business.
However  ideological differences result.
Consequently  Ajay stands firm.
He asks his father.
Ajay lends a loan.
When Vijay refuses to do so.
He is furious and throws Ajay out.
When Vijay discovers this.
Ajay finally marries Nisha and the couple move.
Ajay and Nisha have their first sex night.
Rajesh makes Vijay sign a power of attorney.
Empowers him.
That s.
Vijay goes bankrupt.
All his fortune goes automatically.
He gets.
Ajay finds out what happened.
Rajesh was the one who had incited arguments.
Ajay tries to get close again.
Causes a crisis with Nisha  who is not pleased with Ajay s reunion with his family.
Ajay and Nisha get separated due.
Ajay has already returned home.
She finds out that she is pregnant.
His mission now is to return his family fortune  as well as his father s faith.
The latter still can not forgive him their dispute.
Vijay and Ajay eventually become reconciled.
He is yet to return the fortune.
Rajesh begins to maltreat Priti.
She also comes back home.
Ajay then decides to return his family fortune violently.
Forces Rajesh to sign another power.
Says that the money comes back.
Nisha gets back with a child.
The family finally reunites and lives.
As it used to be before.
<EOS>
The scene starts.
He was promptly interrupted.
Who wish to have the attention.
She answers A monster story.
When he asked him what bedtime story she would like to hear.
Denying her request  her father instead tell her.
The father went and tried reciting some spells.
When the child was asleep.
A portal opens with a demon.
Drags him.
Summer witnessed her father being dragged.
Presently  Summer is and is being augmented by scientist.
Jason was then shown complaining.
<EOS>
A toymaker makes a Scarecrow doll.
Who asks him to tell her the story.
He tells her.
The Land was ruled by Prime Minister Kruel.
The baby princess was mysteriously snatched away from her crib.
Kruel s despotic rule is aided.
Who is the originator  the aide Lady Vishuss  and the Wizard  who knows only parlor tricks and not any actual magic  such as getting a female impersonator out of a basket in an exotic and seductive way.
The people have begun.
Their leader  Prince Kynd  demands the return.
She can be crowned.
Kruel  however  knows.
Once she returns his rule will end  so he sends Ambassador Wikked on a mission to prevent this from happening.
Meanwhile   Dorothy lives on a farm with her relatives.
Uncle Henry is a cruel  morbidly obese man.
Aunt Em is a kind and caring woman.
Who constantly yells and berates Dorothy.
He also abuses his farmhands Snowball  Hardy  and Semon.
When he feels they are not doing their work.
Hardy and Semon are both with Dorothy.
Who toys but does nt commit to either of them  driving them both crazy with her indecision.
Aunt Em reveals to Dorothy.
They are not her birth relatives and that she was found with an envelope  instructing that it only be opened when she turned eighteen.
However  Wikked and his minions come  demanding unopened.
When her birthday comes.
The envelope be given.
It turns out.
The note inside is in fact a royal decree which reveals Dorothy to be the long-lost Princess Dorothea.
As long  she ca nt legally become the queen.
She never reads the decree.
Uncle Henry refuses to hand the envelope over  and so Wikked takes Dorothy hostage  threatening to kill her  and orders.
The entire farm to be searched.
Wikked finds out.
Doing so.
Her love first.
He gets the note.
Tempted  he readily agrees and manages to find the note.
He is ambushed.
He can give it.
Who takes it back and saves Dorothy.
A tornado suddenly forms  sucking everybody in and forcing Dorothy to take shelter in the farmhouse.
It is blown to Oz  smashing into pieces upon hitting the ground.
Semon then gives the envelope  by the time  she has already finished reading it.
Who promptly reads the decree.
Kruel and Kynd come out to intercept her.
Thwarted  Kruel and Wikked proceed to blame the farmhands her and order the Wizard to change them into monkeys.
He is unable to do.
Semon and Hardy try to help him out but the disguises are soon seen through.
They are promptly arrested.
Hardy betrays his fellow farmhands and accuses them of kidnapping Dorothy.
Kynd sentences them.
Kruel is free to continue ruling as a dictator  using Dorothy and Kynd as his puppets.
He allows Dorothy to give Hardy and Uncle Henry high positions.
Also plotting to keep her.
He eventually decides   to cement his power by marrying her  and also forces Semon and Snowball to work in his underground prisons.
The Wizard helps them escape.
He uses to scare off the guards.
He s chased back down by Hardy  and ends up getting trapped inside a lion cage for a considerable amount of time.
Semon manages to reach Dorothy to warn her that she was being used.
He and Snowball eventually escape.
Semon gets to save her and Kynd from Kruel s treachery.
Cornered  he admits  it is later implied.
He was the one who had kidnapped Dorothy and took her to Kansas  in order to keep her from court factions that meant to do her harm.
They are led and that he is the true antagonist of the story.
Semon attempts to tell Dorothy and intends to marry him and rule Oz.
Kruel is taken away.
He feels  only to find that she has fallen in love with Prince Kynd.
Heartbroken  Semon is then chased.
Who attempt to blast him.
Snowball flies a plane over and grabs him  but the ladder breaks.
He can be hit.
He falls.
The granddaughter s Scarecrow doll falls off of a chair  implying.
The Scarecrow may have died from the fall.
This wakes her up.
She is comforted and bidden to go back to sleep.
He then secretly reads the last page.
Shows that Prince Kynd and Dorothy lived happily.
He created dolls that were the exact likeness.
He is actually Semon s character.
<EOS>
Robert Roy MacGregor is a cattle drover and the leader.
He seeks and receives a loan from the Marquis of Montrose.
One  Archibald Cunningham  learns about the loan from Montrose s factor  Killearn.
Cunningham kills MacGregor s best friend MacDonald and steals the money.
Unable to pay his loan  MacGregor is forced to become an outlaw.
When he refuses to bear false witness against the Duke of Argyll.
He is hunted.
Who rapes MacGregor s wife Mary to provoke him.
Cunningham ultimately captures MacGregor.
MacGregor escapes.
When Cunningham presents him.
Meanwhile  Mary tells the Duke.
MacGregor fled Montrose.
Meanwhile  Macgregor persuades Argyll to propose to Montrose a duel  leading to a climactic sword duel to the death.
<EOS>
A group overrun a movie studio to decide.
Whether or not they want to buy it  before they can  however  they have to wait until after the studio s elderly owner dies.
<EOS>
Wile E.
Intends to use an ACME Hyper Sonic Transport to catch the Road Runner.
The transport has inherent problems.
<EOS>
Paro  her mother  and her brother  Natwar  find an unconscious man.
They bring him over and nurture him back to good health  only to find out  and name him Bhola.
He has the mind.
Years pass  Paro has fallen in love with Bhola.
He rescued her.
Both would like to get married.
Bhola is viciously attacked and left by Paro s molester  and is hospitalized.
That could happen.
Police Sub-Inspector Abhimanyu Verma finds out.
Bhola is not who he claims to be  wanted for killing three policemen - named Bhisma - and is possibly masquerading as a 12 year old child to hide from the police.
The film is a Usual action revenge.
<EOS>
Indian cities are being terrorized.
Who want the government to give and are willing to go to any extent for that purpose.
Honest  experienced and diligent cops Abhay Singh and Abbas Lodhi are part.
Abbas Lodhi comes up.
Involves sending two undercover cops  Anand and Shiv  so that they shall be part of them and learn all about them  and can call him through radio and transmit all the information under the code name Dhanush.
No one know about this operation.
One is exposed by the terrorists a few years later.
He consumes cyanide and dies.
They can get any info.
Now Shiv is left alone.
He soon wins the trust and respect  including the mastermind Commander Bhadra himself.
Bhadra is captured and tortured.
But try  he does not reveal anything.
They may.
He even justifies all the wrong things.
The terrorists are doing.
The gang appoints one to kill a minister.
When Bhadra is.
He is approaching the city.
This man is apprehended and interrogated.
He agrees to help the police  but soon is poisoned in jail itself by a corrupt cop  Inspector tiwari.
Soon one commits suicide.
When the CBI come to arrest him.
This comes.
They now relaize.
There are people all over who seem to be linked.
Now Bhadra offers Abhay the chance to join and help the terrorists.
Else his family will be.
Abhay does not oblige.
The terrorists shoot  killing it  shoot at Abhay s son s leg and injure him  and send messages directly and indirectly to threaten him.
Abhay finally agrees.
Bhadra asks to sham a fake kidnap drama and allow him to escape.
He unwillingly does.
Lodhi is shocked.
He does not understand.
Abhay is acting strangely.
Now outside  Bhadra soon send two people  Surinder and Mala to stay  and asks the latter to accommodate them.
The two keep.
Bhadra informed  and threaten to kill Abhay s wife and child if he were to try anything funny at anytime.
Only Abhay knows.
Soon Bhadra meets Abhay.
Abhay reveals.
It was Lodhi who had arranged to be sent to the gang.
Only he knows ` who.
Dhanush really is.
Abhay also comes to know.
Inspector Tiwari  who was supporting Bhadra  has been eliminated.
The gang attacks Lodhi.
He almost starts to finish them off  so he goes along.
When he sees that one sent to capture him is Shiv.
Lodhi is beaten.
He does not reveal.
Who the inside man is really.
Soon he is killed accidentally.
The shock.
Is happening.
He tells everything.
Who tells Abhay that  he had taken an oath to protect the nation.
He must go.
She also says.
She will take care if he were not there.
Consoled  Abhay is then called again.
Surinder tries.
When he leaves.
Mala orders Surinder at gunpoint to leave the girl.
Surinder shoots Mala.
Sumitra sees all this.
Seduces Surinder.
Order to save.
Once  she pushes Surinder off  and kills him with his own gun.
Abhay Singh is informed.
He returns home  and consoles his family and bids.
Them goodbye.
He goes to meet Bhadra.
Where he attacks the criminal and is overpowered and bound.
Commander Bhadra asks Abhay about the inside man  and suddenly points the pistol at Shiv.
Abhay jumps off  attacks Bhandra  breaks free and stabs him.
Abhay tells Shiv to shoot.
The entire gang comes to break in to the room.
Shiv being highly trusted  would become the new gang leader.
A reluctant Shiv does so.
As the gang breaks in.
Shiv declares himself to be the terrorist gang leader.
The others accept his leadership.
Abhay Singh passes away.
<EOS>
Jack Kaplan is a US Army Soldier and Weapons Expert kept somewhere in Vietnam  Cambodia or Laos.
Liberated  he returns home to the United States only to find out.
His wife Diane has been captured.
Kaplan embarks to find his wife  running into characters like Digger  Man With The Golden Hand.
The treacherous femme fatale Eve.
Diane is killed while trying to escape him.
The storyline turns extremely confusing.
Collins sends bizarrely named hitmen and Panther out to kill Jack Kaplan.
Who dispatches all.
Kaplan ends up suspected of one of the minor baddies and a fugitive from the law.
Mike Monty and Ronnie Patterson show up.
Who eventually track Kaplan down where he s been hiding.
Kaplan escapes.
The setting switches to the jungle.
Kaplan kills a legion on his trail and is wounded in the process.
He holes up.
Where he s attacked.
Kaplan kills Shadow  masquerades and infiltrates the stronghold of Collins.
Where he   disposes of him with Shadows samurai sword.
<EOS>
Starting out  passing through London and finally arriving in Cairo s uproar  the film depicts a series of fragmented musical sketches.
Together  form the portrait from the sands  Natacha Atlas.
One sole melancholic dream from East to West following in the footsteps of a rose of Pop.
<EOS>
Seatopia  the undersea civilization  has been heavily affected by nuclear testing conducted by the surface nations of the world.
Upset  they plan to unleash their civilization s god  Megalon  to the surface to destroy the world out of vengeance.
An inventor named.
Goro Ibuki  his nephew Rokuro and their friend Hiroshi Jinkawa are off when Seatopia makes itself known to the Earth by drying up the lake the trio was relaxing nearby and using it as a base of operation As they return home they are ambushed by agents of Seatopia who are trying to steal Jet Jaguar  a humanoid robot under construction by the trio of inventors.
However the Agents  first attempt is botched.
They are forced to flee.
Some time later  Jet Jaguar is completed.
The trio are knocked unconscious by the returning seatopian agents.
The agents s plan is to use Jet Jaguar to guide and direct Megalon to destroy.
Whatever city Seatopia commands.
Goro and Rokuro are sent to be killed.
Hiroshi is taken hostage.
Megalon is finally released.
Jet Jaguar is put and is used to guide Megalon to attack Tokyo with the Japan Self Defense Forces failing to defeat the monster.
Eventually  the trio manage to escape their situation with the Seatopians and reunite to devise a plan to send Jet Jaguar to get Godzilla s help using Jet Jaguar s secondary control system.
Goro manages to regain control of Jet Jaguar and sends the robot to Monster Island to bring Godzilla to fight Megalon.
Megalon flails around relentlessly and aimlessly fighting with the Defense Force and destroying the outskirts of Tokyo.
The Seatopians learn and thus send out a distress call to the Nebula M aliens to send Gigan to assist them.
Jet Jaguar programs and grows to gigantic proportions to face Megalon himself.
Godzilla journeys to fight Megalon.
Godzilla arrives.
The battle is roughly.
Both Megalon and Gigan double team Jet Jaguar.
Godzilla finally arrives to assist Jet Jaguar and the odds become evened.
Gigan and Megalon both retreat and Godzilla and Jet Jaguar shake hands on a job well done.
Godzilla returns.
Jet Jaguar returns with his inventors.
<EOS>
Raleigh has leukemia.
He and Iris can not afford to pay.
They are introduced.
Who offers them a deal.
Iris competes and wins.
The game turns out to be a version  but players must instantly act on their choices  rather than simply explaining them.
The game s stakes are lethal.
<EOS>
The Bradley family and their friends gather to celebrate Thanksgiving.
But unknown  they have an uninvited guest.
A giggling  PCP-addled  homicidal maniac has escaped to satisfy his pent-up lust for murder.
And he has singled out their home.
The revelers will be methodically stalked and served up in the butcher s holiday blood feast.
Becomes a grisly house of horrors.
<EOS>
Then clerk  Lyndon Johnson runs up the steps of the Capitol to meet with future Speaker of the House Sam Rayburn.
Who is sure he will work in the future.
Johnson then runs off  driving all night to pick up his fiancee Lady Bird Johnson at the home of her father in Texas.
They both drive back.
C.
And have a bad run-in wife.
Who thinks he is sabotaging her husband.
Johnson wakes up one morning to find.
Another Congressman has died  leaving the seat vacant.
He prods a local judge  Judge Alvin Wirtz.
Who is very politically connected.
Judge Wirtz tells Johnson.
The former Congressman s widow might run  and that he ll need $ 10000 just to make it a contest.
Lady Bird Johnson s father provides the $ 10000  and gets confirmation.
The widow will not run.
Johnson then tours the hill country  bringing along his father and his wife to campaign.
He promises  and goes stumping  pushing harder and harder.
He shall provide services.
It is later.
The pain is so great that Johnson collapses.
Lady Bird appears.
Who had an operation to remove a ruptured appendix and is now recuperating.
She tell him and calls him ` Congressman.
When he awakens.
He had won the election.
Johnson is then shown  taking an elevator ride up with his friend Sam Rayburn  leaving his wife as the elevator doors close.
Johnson receives.
A phone call that his father had died.
He goes.
When he discovers that his father left his mother.
This revelation  combined  forces LBJ to becoming a friend to lobbyists.
Order to find money.
These new connections mean.
His stalled hydroelectric project gets the help.
It needs in order to happen.
Johnson meets a vivacious and attractive woman  Alice Glass.
Who becomes a lightning rod.
Lady Bird is determined to keep her husband and to help him become even more successful.
It is now.
Johnson now is vying soon to be vacated by a retiring Senator.
His promises kept  he still must defeat Governor Coke Stevenson.
Who battles him amid rumors of corruption in the form of vote fixing.
A 28-28 deadlock is broken.
When Johnson s staffers pull a drunk member  who votes LBJ into the Senate with the 29th vote.
An ebullient Johnson starts his tenure.
The same lot is shown again.
Johnson s name is now fixed.
Johnson is now working tirelessly  battling the troublesome Joseph McCarthy  making amendments to the Taft-Hartley Act  and pressing for civil rights legislation.
A new face.
Kennedy  is told.
A committee spot would be his if he stayed for a crucial labor vote.
This meeting proved important to.
When Kennedy is one.
A visit is arranged as father Joseph Kennedy.
Who  wish to know if LBJ is running for President or not.
Johnson refers.
He discovers Robert s true intentions  and goes out.
The lack allows John Kennedy to build up a very strong support network  essentially shoving Johnson out of any real chance at the Presidential nomination.
Promised votes  now going over to Kennedy to send him over the top to win the nomination  puts Johnson and his family off.
Johnson says.
His father was right  and that he made a big mistake.
An offer is at first rejected by Johnson because of the advice of Sam Rayburn.
The next day  Rayburn tells Johnson.
He changed his mind.
LBJ accepts the offer.
Johnson soon regrets his decision.
JFK is elected.
He is made to fill the most benign.
The President and his brother shut him out.
This position changes drastically.
When John Kennedy is shot in.
Lyndon Johnson becomes the new President.
He accompanies now widow Jacqueline Kennedy  along  on Air Force One on a trip back to Washington.
He takes the Oath by Texas federal district judge Sarah T.
Hughes along with a short audio summary of the events after ends the movie.
<EOS>
The guinea pig is 14-year-old Jack Read  a tobacconist s son given a scholarship.
The school used was Sherborne School in Dorset.
Only War II could such a scenario be imagined.
The changes wrought.
Read s uncouth behaviour causes him difficulties in fitting in to the school.
The film was controversial.
It contains the first screen use.
<EOS>
Poet Yusuf learns and goes back to his hometown  Tire.
Where he had not been.
S house  a young girl  his cousin.
Ayla  awaits him.
Yusuf had not been aware.
Who had been living.
Ayla conveys Yusuf Zehra s pledge to sacrifice a lamb and tells Yusuf.
He has to carry out his mother s wishes.
Gradually he succumbs.
The rhythms filled with ghosts.
Yusuf and Ayla set off for the religious sacrifice ceremony.
His mother had pledged.
Arriving  they are forced to spend the night by a nearby crater lake.
The herd from which they had planned to purchase a lamb has gone to graze.
A wedding ceremony held brings Yusuf and Ayla closer.
<EOS>
The journey.
S.
A   Helene   Shakespeare was born in Spain  not in England  and was Jewish.
Who arrives.
Where he expects to find the documents needed to prove his theory.
The main characters arrive  he is the keeper of the convent.
Where they are greeted.
Other characters include a fisherman  the beautiful bookkeeper  and an elderly man.
Who is attracted.
Who goes.
<EOS>
Set.
Brendan Bimbo Reeves gets laid off as a baker.
He buys a van and sells fish and chips with his best mate  Larry.
Their business starts off well.
But the relationship soon becomes strained as Bimbo and his wife  Maggie behave more and more like typical bosses.
Larry believes.
Maggie is the cause  as he thinks she is pushing Bimbo away from him.
The van is closed down by health inspector  Des OCallaghan.
Bimbo thinks.
Larry told the Health Board  leading to a fight between the two.
Larry quits the job  to get him back.
Bimbo then drives the van  so as to win his friendship with Larry back.
<EOS>
The upper-class Toda family celebrates the 69th birthday with a commemorative photoshoot at their outdoor garden.
Unfortunately   the father  Shintaro Toda  suffers a fatal heart attack.
Shinichiro announces.
As their father had acted  they must help pay off that company s debts.
The family decides to sell off all their late father s properties and antiques  leaving only an old house.
Meanwhile  the mother and the youngest daughter Setsuko would go and stay.
The unmarried second brother Shojiro takes the opportunity to move away to Tianjin  China.
The mother and Setsuko soon clash.
The two move to stay with Chizuko  the married eldest sister.
However  Setsuko s plans to go out to work are met from Chizuko.
Who finds the whole idea disgraceful.
Chizuko also clashes.
Who has been playing truant.
Eventually Mrs Toda and Setsuko decide to move out.
Ayako and her husband are more than happy to let them stay elsewhere.
The death anniversary soon arrives.
The family comes together.
Shojiro arrives.
However  he is shocked to learn.
His mother and Setsuko are staying alone.
He reprimands each and every one and sisters in turn sternly  rebuking them for not doing their part as children  and urges them to leave for home at once.
They do.
Shojiro asks his mother and sister to stay with him at Tianjin in China.
The two agree.
Setsuko tries to matchmake Shojiro and her friend Tokiko.
Who has come.
Shojiro runs off.
She can get them to meet.
<EOS>
The film theorizes  Administrator.
A conspiracy upheld through money control by citing books as Tragedy and Hope by Carroll Quigley  Philip Dru.
House  The Strawberry Statement.
The film is summarized  There is a conspiracy among some of the richest people in the non-communist nations and.
Its power is protected.
That it is perpetuating its wealth.
It is perpetuated through the Federal Reserve system.
That it is around.
It appears that the executive branch controls them.
The capitalist conspiracy surfaces in the Council on Foreign Relations.
Influence through television  education and press.
The capitalist conspiracy opposes communism only.
It needs the illusion.
And.
The chaos byproduct advances its own goal of totalitarian world government.
A tactic called pressure and below laid down in Edward M.
House s novel Philip Dru  Administrator deliberately create problems and frightful domestic and foreign conditions and provide solutions.
Result accepted government expansion at the expense of personal liberties and national sovereignty.
There is much evidence indicating.
Both the capitalist and communist conspiracy is directed  but that this historical question is not as important as what can be done about it.
The reaction should be to dismantle the big government and localizing schools and police.
That the root is.
Money is created out.
The solution is to reduce the power.
Returning and thus preventing anyone  in or out of government  to manipulate the money supply.
Exposing the conspiracy  by circumventing the establishment s channels of mass communication  would cause it to collapse.
<EOS>
Lt.
Amor Moe Santander is a tough chick.
Who s used.
But there s also one thing  falling.
She s running away since her mother died.
Lt.
Kevin Robles is daunted.
Most especially coming clean.
He s been loving now.
Meanwhile  Caloy is a pirated DVD vendor.
Whom Moe captures  along.
Things get complicated.
When Caloy enlists Kevin s help to win Moe.
When Moe and Kevin s friendship gets deeper.
Who does Moe really love.
<EOS>
This movie is.
Their father married again.
His 6 children never speaks.
He has two daughters.
The eldest  Seetha was raped by her professor.
Madhavankutty asked his sister to marry the professor.
Who was quite old and so the other sisters were unhappy  who did not know.
His second sister  Ammu hence elopes and later comes to stay in their neighborhood itself.
Madhavankutty s enemies try to kill his brother-in-law and put the blame.
Luckily  his brother-in-law survives and tells the truth.
<EOS>
The Luck is about an Irishman named James Francis Coffey.
He is called ` Ginger.
He is unfulfilled.
Matter which job he takes on.
He and his wife Veronica  together with their daughter Paulie  move to Montreal.
Coffey still has trouble finding work.
Veronica gets very upset.
When she finds out that Ginger is still unemployed and has spent their ticket money home.
However broke and empty-hearted  they do have one friend to count on  Gerry Grosvenor.
They may be.
Who helps Coffey get a job working.
Coffey is unimpressed once again and continues to tell Veronica.
It will all get better.
Veronica has her own plans.
She leaves Coffey and takes Paulie with her.
She also takes all and most of his belongings.
Coffey gets a small place.
He encounters a man.
Who offers him a diaper delivery and pick-up job.
Coffey finds this job even more repulsive but takes it anyway  with a plan in mind  To get back at Paulie and impress Veronica with his selflessness.
Veronica is still unconvinced  but Paulie turns.
They get a flat.
Coffey is obsessed and begins to get sick from lack of sleep and food and an excessive work schedule.
He is also obsessed.
That Veronica will take him back.
Unfortunately she only brings up the topic.
A run-in with the police and promotion battles  Veronica finally sees  and at the moment go.
Hard Ginger is working and fighting.
When he finally decides to let her.
She sees just how much he really loves her.
<EOS>
17-year-old Casey Powell is a shy and insecure teenager.
Whose friends are caught up to become better in ballet.
Her parents  Frank and Joanne  give all their attention.
Who just found out she is pregnant she has no interest in marrying.
Frank is infuriated.
Joanne is worried  so they forget to spend time with Casey.
They think as the good girl.
Who does nt cause any trouble.
Feeling ignored  Casey starts wanting to look and begins working out and dieting as well.
One day  Casey s friends convince her to join a ballet lesson.
Casey is noticed.
Who tells her.
She loses a few pounds.
It does nt take.
Before Casey becomes a starving anorexic who occasionally purges.
She is surprised.
When her parents do nt take her desire seriously  but does nt give up her dream.
Casey becomes obsessed with dieting.
Improving. 
This causes her school work to deteriorate.
Brings attention.
She warns her parents.
When her sister really sees how thin Casey is.
Casey is sent.
Who orders her.
She does nt.
Casey is afraid to gain weight and continues her eating disorder secretly.
Frank tries to force her to eat.
When her parents discover diet pills.
She refuses to do so.
She tries to convince her parents.
When she returns home.
She ate.
Frank is nt convinced and tries to shove a peanut butter sandwich.
She bites his hand.
Casey steals a package.
Her parents take the pills.
However  she is caught and is arrested.
She collapses and is taken to the hospital.
Her parents bail her out.
She tries to run away  but collapses yet again and is taken back.
She befriends fellow patient Carol Link.
Carol is also suffering and gives Casey advice about.
To get kicked out and also teaches her tricks to mislead the doctors.
Carol overdoses on pills and Casey witnesses her dying.
Crushed and devastated  she runs away  but collapses.
She is angry.
When she becomes conscious again.
She is back.
She tells her doctor  Clay Orlovsky.
She is afraid to die as well.
He assures her.
Is not going to happen.
She is finally allowed to see her family again.
When Casey improves.
Dr Orlovsky analyzes their meeting.
He tells the family.
He thinks Casey has developed an eating disorder because it seems to be the only way to get attention.
Casey finally recovers and is released from the hospital.
She does nt want to leave  however  and feels safer.
She eats ice cream without disliking it.
<EOS>
The brochures s - midnight-and-everything-comes-to-life cartoon  this time in a travel agency with first a bunch of tableaux  followed by a big song  then a crime story.
We see a spinning globe  then the front.
Where we see several displays.
Then  we hear a song tied on the name.
We see one.
With a picture of Bombay harbor  we see exploding bombs.
Food s an Education  so we go.
The Thief uses the Florida Keys to break into the Kimberly Diamond Mine  and then pawns them with the Pawnee Indians.
<EOS>
The King Vega sends General Barendos and his troops in a special mission.
Barendos stops at moonbase and warns the two officials.
They will be both dismissed and killed.
This situation explains.
Barendos does nt receive support from Vega forces on moonbase.
Barendos arrives and captures Duke Fleed s closest ally  Koji Kabuto.
Koji reveals the history and location.
The Vega Empire seized the opportunity to capture the Great Mazinger and forcing Duke and his Grendizer to do battle.
Grendizer and Great Mazinger clash.
Grendizer manages to deactivate Great Mazinger using a special shot.
Also starring are three exclusive saucer beasts named Jinjin  Gubigubi  and Koakoa.
Also battle Grendizer only to be easily defeated.
The Movie is based.
Captain Barandos made an appearance and stole Great Mazinger  and used it to fight Grendizer with the help of 3 other saucer beasts  similar to the movie.
Also  4 of the manga Mazinger Z and Great Mazinger have been stolen to fight Grendizer together.
Grendizer had tough time fighting both.
<EOS>
One night offers a trip to his three friends to a brothel.
Zechariah  Gopi  and Bilal  accepts the offer and sets out.
But  Zechariah and Joseph gets into a fight.
The trip gets canceled   leaving them back.
But Sakharia decides to take both his friends.
He just has a vague knowledge.
The trio sets out and reaches the remote village.
The suspicious look frightens both Gopi and Bilal.
Sakharia is cool.
The trio reaches the brothel run.
Is actually her ancestral house.
They enter  and is shocked to find few children playing and an old man scribbling something on a paper  without even bothering to take a look at them.
The trio enters and comes across a girl.
Who is both deaf and dumb.
The trio finds out.
She is a prostitute kept.
Gopi gets wooed.
Just  arrives Devaki.
Who is more ravishing and sensual.
She informs them.
Maluvamma has gone and will be back in few minutes.
But the trio is shocked.
Who asks them to vacate the house as a group are planning to attack the house.
He also shows them.
The injury marks caused a few days back and shows them the door to outside.
A group of Muslims surrounds and verbally abuse them.
They turn violent.
But the leader  pacifies the crowd and takes them to a near by tea stall and decides to consult with Moopan  about the next move.
He reaches the house of Moopan.
Generally  the girls brought are first enjoyed by Moopan.
It was the opposition to be a prey to Moopan.
Caused all the riot.
Maluvamma  convinces Moopan.
Moopan is convinced.
He orders release.
Maluvamma takes them.
She lets Gopi to go.
Sakharia opts to play cards.
Bilal enters.
But  she turns violent  making Bilal to forcefully go on.
Trying to fondle her.
Bilal is shocked to find out.
Gowrikutty is forcefully brought by Maluvamma and is still a virgin.
He sympathizes and asks her to tell her story.
She tells him.
She was sold by her uncle after the death of her father.
It was only a few days.
She realized that it is a brothel.
She was brutally assaulted by Maluvamma.
She pleads Bilal to save her.
He promises to take her out and marry her.
But his plan to take her out is foiled.
Bilal tells.
Gopi and Sakharia promises him to help him in saving her.
Narayanan  a pimp arrives and demands Maluvamma to release Gowrikutty along with him at night.
Maluvamma agrees and asks him to come at night.
That night  Gowrikutty refuses to go along.
Enrages him.
He returns back to collect more people to avenge.
But she is now supported.
Who sends a bunch.
A few hours later  Narayanan is back.
He is attacked.
A riot sets out.
Sakharia decides to use this opportunity and stab Bhasi  making Maluvamma to come out.
Using this opportunity  Bilal and Gopi takes Gowrikutty and runs out.
Sakharia is attacked.
Escaping. 
Narayanan stabs Sakharia to death.
Reaching  Gopi asks Bilal to run away with the girl and decides to go back to find out.
What had happened.
He reaches out the house and calls  but gets no response.
<EOS>
The film opens to Leadville  Colorado during his lecture tour of the United States.
He proves to be a success with the local silver miners.
He regales them.
Wilde returns and weds Constance Lloyd.
They have two sons.
The couple hosts a young Canadian named Robbie Ross.
Their second child is still an infant.
Who seduces Wilde and helps him come.
Oscar is re-introduced to the dashingly handsome and openly foppish poet Lord Alfred Douglas.
Whom he had met briefly the year.
The two fall.
Hedonistic Alfred is not content to remain monogamous and frequently engages.
His older lover plays the role.
Alfred s father  the Marquess  objects to his son s relationship with Oscar and demeans the playwright shortly after the opening of The Importance of Being Earnest.
His homosexuality is publicly exposed  he is eventually tried and sentenced to two years  hard labour.
When Oscar sues the Marquess.
He is visited by his wife.
Who tells him she is nt divorcing him but is taking their sons and that he is welcome to visit as long as he never sees Douglas again.
Oscar is released and goes straight into exile to continental Europe.
He eventually meets with Alfred.
Portions of the well-loved Wilde story ends.
The Selfish Giant are woven.
<EOS>
The film was written  and narrated by two-time Academy Award winning actor Dustin Hoffman.
It was directed.
Dustin Hoffman does not normally narrate films  and initially turned down the project.
But  he changed his mind  saying  Oh  this is and overcoming anti-Semitism  about discrimination and these issues.
When he looked.
I grew up.
Really matters.
The stereotype  as well as anti-semitism  are two issues.
Many Jewish baseball players faced and had to overcome.
Noted anti-semite Henry Ford wrote  they have it in three words -- too much Jew.
Fans wish to know the trouble.
A number changed their names.
That it would not be apparent that they were Jewish.
Director Miller said   this is a film about overcoming stereotypes.
Bigotry has faded a great deal  The story of a once-marginalized people finding their way into the American mainstream offers lessons for a country.
Continues to grapple where talent should overcome prejudice.
Where we can retain our differences while still being American.
Where anyone who can hit or pitch or run can be a part.
Baseball explores special ties for Jews.
The documentary contains rare archival footage and photos.
Music ranging to Rush.
Also featured are Norm Sherry  Ron Blomberg  Maury Allen  Larry King  Ron Howard  and Yogi Berra.
The documentary focuses especially.
One is Hank Greenberg  a two-time American League MVP  five-time All Star  and Hall.
Anti-Semitic barbs directed from the stands served to motivate him  he said.
The film notes a column.
Which Edgar Guest wrote to Greenberg s absence from the lineup.
We honor him.
Koufax agreed.
Youkilis notes  It s something.
I probably wo nt realize until my career is over.
How many people are really rooting and cheering for me.
And it s not just  or had a great game.
I went.
It s just the fact.
I represent a lot and a lot of the Jewish heritage and the struggles that a lot of our people have had.
<EOS>
Just released  Siddharth Roy  a once famous writer  completes a new manuscript.
He re-engages  hoping.
The new book will restore his reputation and also reconcile him  Maya.
Fate has other plans.
When his briefcase gets exchanged with a similar briefcase containing a large sum of money.
Roy looses the only copy.
Mohan  the cyber cafe manager  comes to recover the lost money.
Roy is reconciled with his three year old son through a scheming housemaid.
Unable to find happiness.
He has found.
Meanwhile the pressure mounts.
He looses his job and is forced to go.
He must find Roy and money.
The film explores the theme of renunciation as the true path to enlightenment and freedom.
<EOS>
Buddy  a young gay man leaves his small-town home to make a new life in New York City.
<EOS>
Viktoria Svobodina is a young but already well known popular singer  living in Moscow.
Her popularity reaches.
The heights whilst the band she is performing.
The band turns off the sound.
Viktoria keeps.
Singing the song  changing the lyrics will sing till the end.
She stops the car and rips posters off the walls of the concert hall and leaves the band for a solo career.
They leave the concert.
Her producer arranges new concert performances.
Her career grows.
However  something starts going wrong.
Her doctor forbids her to sing.
Else she will lose her voice completely.
She decides to take a break and informs her producer.
She has received an invitation to sing.
She concedes and performs in the Kremlin.
She had not been informed that the concert would be aired live.
She receives a telephone call.
Who invites her.
She learns.
He is playing.
She visits their rock concerts incognito and considers adopting their musical style.
Her producer learns.
She is  even though he persuaded all her clients to postpone requests for her to perform.
Viktoria finally decides to take a break and leaves at a resort on the seashore.
The name comes from a dialogue.
Takes place  during a stroll on a pier.
Viktoria confesses her fears.
The stranger comforts her  saying.
The songs live as long as the soul of the singer remains alive.
Viktoria asks  Soul.
Her producer finally locates her.
An important international song competition is going to take place.
She has been selected to represent her country.
Viktoria leaves the resort immediately.
To go she needs a new band.
The producer finds her one.
The role is played by Mashina Vremeni.
She recognizes the main player - her old school friend.
When Viktoria meets the band.
They give no sign in front of the producer.
Rehearsals begin.
We see a music video featuring Rotaru  Boyarsky and Mashina Vremeni  all dressed in futuristic costumes made of tight shiny stretchy fabric  jumping on the trampoline.
Alexander Stefanovich  Mosfilm director   Viktoria leaves  and begins to fall in love with her old friend.
She falls ill.
A doctor present detects the reason  and advises her to stop singing immediately.
Viktoria asks him to be silent and appears during the competition.
Where she wins.
The last scene is ambiguous   yet the final chord is the victory at the competition.
It seems she loses her voice completely.
<EOS>
Thea is sculptress.
Who is diagnosed before she marries Filippo.
Her health begins to decline.
She organises a final party  inviting along her estranged husband.
He fails to show.
He s now married.
Thea appears naked.
She kills herself.
<EOS>
A gun-slinging preacher returns.
El Sobero and his band are also returning to Playa Diablo seeking their own revenge against the town sheriff for putting a bounty on their heads and subsequently shooting all of their horses.
There is sure to be a confrontation of Biblical proportions.
They all meet.
This is The Legend.
<EOS>
Excited.
He knows.
Allows. 
There they meet.
A little girl named Marama and discover the old traditions.
Involuntarily  the protagonists get involved.
Where the ariki people subjugate the Orejas Cortas  Marama s tribe.
<EOS>
Brendan Fraser plays John Crowley  a biotechnology executive.
Whose two youngest children were afflicted.
His children are aged 8 and.
He raises money for research scientist Robert Stonehill  forming a company to develop a drug to save his children s lives.
Adapted The Cure   the film is also an examination of.
A Father Raised $ 100 Million -- and Bucked the Medical Establishment.
Medical research is conducted and financed.
<EOS>
There was no way to foresee the impending crisis.
A space-weary NASA discard now used routinely  the attractive  highly proficient pilot has her hands full.
Command pilot ship Armstrong.
She s chagrined to find.
Her flight has been reassigned.
Avedon is further annoyed to find.
The flight is another mystery run  no paperwork  no flight plan  and a handful.
The eclectic riffraff includes Lazarus  a two-bit hustler  Dr Shephard  a skilled former micro-surgeon now addicted to his own self-prescribed medications  Cade  an edgy young man obsessed with finding the wife  and Sarra  a flawlessly beautiful young woman with a mysterious past.
Who deserted him.
About the only stand-up guy aboard is chief engineer Mick ` Clean  McClean  a technical genius.
Who s called to repair just about every system on board the tired ship.
Two booster rockets become obstructed.
The Avedon is forced to crash land.
The crew stumbles.
Trying to recover tridymite to fabricate new flight data circuit boards.
One gets infected by the weapons and turns into a zombie with murderous proclivities.
Avedon and Cooper attempt to protect the other passengers and get the plane repaired and to safety.
Soon as is possible.
<EOS>
Balu  short  is an economically disadvantaged but multi-talented dancer  adept at the Indian classical dances of Kuchipudi  Bharatanatyam  Kathak  etc.
His simple and honest soul does not permit him to attain professional success.
Requires a certain level.
Madhavi  a wealthy young woman and a dance patron  notices his talent and acts  helping him secure his lifelong opportunity of participating in a high-level classical dance festival.
Balu s aging mother passes away before the performance.
Balu   is emotionally devastated.
Who was very attached.
He fails to participate in the dance festival.
Madhavi nevertheless gives him support and encouragement and sets him.
Balu gradually develops a fondness.
Their relationship grows.
He hides his love but eventually picks up the courage to express it.
Balu discovers.
While Madhavi shares his feelings  she is a married woman separated.
The husband later returns to unite Madhavi and Balu.
Balu decides to sacrifice his love showing respect.
The years pass.
Balu  a disappointed man  has become an inconsolable alcoholic and a newspaper journalist/art critic.
Meanwhile  Madhavi s husband dies.
She hears.
She tends to his medical needs  through his friend  Raghu and solicits Balu to be the dance master for her daughter  Sailaja.
The film ends.
He passes away.
Watching the performance.
Raghu and Madhavi are seen taking him away quietly   back to the hospital.
<EOS>
Sharon and Rachel work at a restaurant of their kung fu master uncle Tao.
Taking matches.
The wealthy Bu family has plans to have the beach made and getting rid of the youth at the beach.
Mrs Bu s two Eurasian daughters  Natalie and Phoenix challenge Sharon and Rachel.
Natalie and Phoenix win.
Phoenix and Natalie give Rachel and Sharon a challenge   Mrs Bu will revise her plans to further develop the area.
The two local girls enter and win the upcoming All Hong Kong Women s Volleyball tournament.
Sharon and Rachel feel.
They do nt have a chance to win the tournament.
Their uncle then Tao teaches the girls kung fu skills.
They apply to volleyball.
<EOS>
Dr Lawrence Strelson is a famous psychiatrist.
Who conducts a group-therapy session.
It turns out  the truth will come out.
One is a murderer.
It will be a shocker.
Suspects are Eric Nicholson  Carlotta Mauridge  Jeremy Siddack  Julie Klanton and Dr Neesden.
<EOS>
Mrs Callahan and Mrs Murphy  are a couple.
Dan Murphy falls with Ellen Callahan.
Then later disappears.
Ellen is pregnant.
Mrs Callahan decides to adopt the baby to save her daughters reputation.
Later finds out.
The baby is not illegitimate.
<EOS>
Ghosts  is set.
An outbreak has resulted in a total lockdown.
A committee is appointed to investigate the cause of the outbreak.
Their findings are to the facts behind the riot.
Both the prisoners and the guards are slowly and deliberately brutalised  manipulated and provoked  to justify the construction of a new and more secure facility.
The viewers see.
<EOS>
The movie deals  Mala   she decides to let her Bombay-based cousin  Shobha R.
Mala and Gopal s mom is a widow and is unable to care.
Sharma  adopt Mala.
Gopal is always.
He too runs away.
When he learns that Mala has left.
Years later  all three have grown up.
Mala s mom is deceased   Amarnath is now an Advocate working  and is in love with Mala  not knowing.
She continues to live.
She is his childhood friend.
Gopal has been in Poona  Madras.
The Police want him for questioning.
Soon Amarnath will be defending Gopal  alias Ram Singh .
It will be an uphill task.
Not only do the Police have airtight evidence  Mohanchand was to be the future son-in-law of Ramnath.
Who has sworn to bring Gopal by hook or by crook.
<EOS>
Private detective Mike Hammer has been.
Since his loved and lovely assistant Velda has gone missing.
He has nt been on a case  but.
Changes when his longtime pal.
Pat Chambers  asks his assistance.
Hammer is needed to talk.
Who refuses to speak.
He is actually an undercover fed.
Only has Richie been shot.
The trail leads.
She is beautiful.
She is seductive  but Hammer does nt trust her  even making sure.
A shotgun that ends up is rigged to backfire on anybody who pulls the trigger.
Laura grabs the gun.
Hammer gets his answer.
<EOS>
Jay Killian is a senior member.
It s the day.
Killian has just returned.
He s  to protect the First Lady  Lara Royce Craig.
Being highly qualified and a seasoned veteran  he s dismayed.
He is nt.
To make matters worse  Lara is a royal pain.
She s arrogant  condescending  demanding.
She detests the presence.
What she wants.
Someone wants Lara dead.
When a biker tries to shoot Lara.
A wild cross-country adventure ensues.
Killian attempts to protect Lara and flush out the assassin and his contractor.
The assassination attempts may have originated.
<EOS>
Tony Petersen is an electrical tradesman and former football star.
Who is studying arts.
He is having an affair with his lecturer  Trish Kent  and has a fling with student Moira as part of a protest.
Trish s husband Charles fails Petersen.
Trish leaves.
Petersen rapes Trish and returns.
<EOS>
Jacob desperately longs to keep his ex-wife.
There s also C.
B.
Lizzie   fall in love  and then fly away to Paris.
Who only wants to find a man.
<EOS>
Allah Ke Banday tells the tale.
Who grow up.
Wanting to make a name in the mafia world  they start delivering drugs and loot people with the help of their transvestite friend.
Things go wrong.
When they are sent after being wrongly convicted for a murder.
They learn.
Life is much tougher they came from.
They are tortured.
But they develop a more sinister plan in their quest for ultimate power.
Unexpected events force the two men to decide for power.
Will they find redemption  .
So. 
The starting scenes are same.
They have copied music.
<EOS>
Relates the true meaning.
Ravi leaves his hometown and comes to Amritsar.
Here  Raghu finds him and takes him home.
Raghu sacrifices his managerial post and gives it.
Ravi  however  does not reveal his true identity and the real reason.
Ragu sees a girl to marry.
However   he asks Rghu not to marry her.
When Ravi sees the photograph.
A shocking truth is then revealed to Raghu.
<EOS>
The film addresses the issues.
Many soldiers face  including problems with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and an inability to meld back into normal society.
The film includes footage.
The veterans  both men and women  speak before  during  and after the war.
The veterans speak about recruitment and training  combat  their returns home  facing their families.
Their difficulties needed to fit back into society.
The Ground Truth was released and released on DVD on September 26th of the same year.
People can sign up to host screenings online at The Ground Truth or view a low-resolution copy online  see bottom.
<EOS>
Satin Records   launches an Eddie Lives.
Who twenty years prior had rejected Eddie and the Cruisers last album  A Season.
The record label re-releases the band s first album.
Becomes an even bigger hit than it had.
The lost recordings are released and become yet another hit album.
Seen. 
Eddie Wilson is living  and had simply slipped away following the car crash.
Which he was believed killed.
He simply wanted to leave music behind him.
The newly generated constant spotlight surrounding his supposed death angers the reclusive rocker.
But   it s not long.
When he gets involved.
His passion - not to mention his desperate anger - resurfaces.
A decision must be made to determine Eddie s fate once and.
Eddie finally begins to play again.
The two go for a new band  Rock Solid.
Rock Solid begins to tour and wows audiences everywhere.
Their popularity closely mirrors Eddie s former success.
He begins to see the similarities.
Eddie  still only known to his band as Joe  starts to have more frequent flashbacks to his former life.
His anger  and his hubris  comes.
When lead guitarist Rick Diesel calls a woman whom they had met.
She wants the band to audition that spring.
Eddie s anger   is soothed by sax player Hilton Overstreet s cool demeanor.
Rick s fast talking.
Eddie caves.
Eddie fears gravely.
Eddie  as usual  agrees.
They lock themselves away  where there are no distractions so that they can get back to the music.
The band is beginning to peter out.
Eddie s wrath is.
Eddie is confronted again by Hilton  except this time.
Eddie is called out.
What is probably one.
Who you were.
The way a man plays - he s born.
To be the musician  Eddie Wilson  and not Joe West the construction worker.
All the while  Satin Records has been upping the ante.
Who can provide proof that Eddie lives.
An expert  a few scenes before  had proved.
The legendary Bo Diddley had played before the death of Cruisers sax player Wendell Newton  as well as Eddie s unfortunate meeting with the river.
However  having been for over a month  Rick does not know about the mounting tension surrounding the mystery of Eddie s whereabouts  and decides to send a tape to Satin Records along with a note  I have a band.
Contains the line.
My singer sure sounds a lot.
Eddie suddenly has doubts.
His life  his face  is about to be made very public.
He turns to his long time friend and confidant  Sal.
Quickly  and angrily  hash out twenty years of grief.
Sal  being the type  just has to know.
Who he is.
Where these so-called-mystery tapes were recorded.
Eddie takes Sal back.
Where Wendell Newton had a jam session with a large group of black musicians.
Bo Diddley being the most well known name.
Eddie confesses.
The whole affair made him feel inadequate due.
Sal   reveals a simple truth to Eddie  in short  it s not about setting the world on fire  it s about playing the music.
Armed  Eddie returns to Montreal  primed  shaved.
Ready to go.
However   Rick s earlier moment has paid off.
Fate would have it.
The two top dogs appears.
Before Rock Solid is about to take the stage.
Being confronted.
Who once told Eddie.
Where he goes looking.
His girlfriend  Diane  confronts him and convinces him.
Even though the world will know who Joe West really is tomorrow  Eddie still has today.
Eddie decides to take the stage once again.
Eddie introduces his band once more.
This time  Eddie willingly proclaims  and me.
I m Eddie Wilson.
<EOS>
Newly appointed men s basketball head coach Don Haskins  not having many financial resources to recruit the most coveted high school athletes  decides to find the best players in the country regardless of race to form a team.
Can compete.
Some  from places as far away as Indiana  Michigan and New York  possess a lot of talent  but are very raw.
When it comes.
His Texas Western Miners team comprised seven black and five white athletes  a balance.
Raised eyebrows even.
Haskins puts his players  threatening to cut anyone  while trying to integrate his white and black players into a single team with a common goal.
Who does nt work as hard as he demands.
Haskins starts games and  after initial victories against mediocre local teams  quickly discovers.
He has to give his black players more free room.
Yet  the more the racial hatred mounts.
The more victories his team achieves until this time rarely seen in college basketball.
This culminates by racists.
They are at an away game.
Increasingly frightened and feeling the burden  the team loses its last game of the regular season after the black players stop playing with passion.
Thus the Texas Western Miners finish the 1965-66 regular season  entering the 1966 NCAA tournament ranked third in the nation.
Going on  they face the top-ranked University of Kentucky under legendary coach Adolph Rupp.
Rupp  firmly believes.
His opponent stands no chance.
Haskins calls his whole team into the empty arena  telling them  and also only using the two other black players in the rotation.
He intends to start an all-black lineup.
The team reacts surprised.
Even the best white players accept his decision to do.
Texas Western faces mounting problems with forward and team captain Harry Flournoy leaving the game with a foot injury after just a few minutes of play  and their center in foul trouble.
The Miners narrowly lead at half time  but finally manage to beat Kentucky 72-65 with some impressive steals  defensive stops and a fast-paced game in the second half.
The film ends.
Brought them back to the greeting of a raucous crowd.
<EOS>
Sajeev is a police officer.
Who lives  after death of his mother.
He is also a singer Salperu Sathanandhan.
Who is living.
One day he falls.
Who is the daughter.
The girl is a pampered child.
Who is spoiled.
Later they get married.
Young Geethu causes misery  like a stepmother.
Once she plays a cruel trick.
Sajeev had died.
His family is.
Everybody is shocked.
When Sajeev returns home.
Sajeev slaps Geethu.
She goes back  in anger.
Geethu s family reveals.
She is an adopted child  and so she should not feel proud.
She runs away.
Her family visits her and gives her good advice.
Geethu returns back and starts a new life afresh.
<EOS>
Kabera and Uwamungu are two men.
Who live together.
Chaos erupts.
Kabera finds out.
Members have participated in the massacre of the family of his good friend  Uwamungu.
<EOS>
Karan Thapar lives a wealthy yet very lonesome lifestyle.
No one has time.
One day while  he loses his step and almost falls down a deep gorge.
He is rescued.
Who is an orphan  living a poor lifestyle.
Karan and Raj become inseparable friends.
Raj moves in to live  much to the chagrin of the Thapar family.
Who shun and dislike Raj.
Years later Raj and Karan have matured  Raj is and wants to marry her.
Karan flirts and abandons her.
Karan subsequently meets  successfully woos and gets her to agree to marry him.
Raj s and Karan s weddings are planned.
Things take a turn  Leena and her dad   expose the friends as flirts.
Who is employed.
Consequently  Anjali s brother cancels the wedding and gets her married.
Raj is later shown suffering   Raj dies.
His doctor  Dr Aditi  tries to save him.
Karan eventually gets married.
The couple name their child.
<EOS>
Persuades state senator James J.
Jimmy Walker needs him to run for mayor of New York City.
A concern is his estrangement from wife Allie.
He discovers.
She is willing to go along.
Jimmy wins the election in a landslide.
He later learns  though.
Allie has no intention.
She is simply satisfied to be the great city s first lady.
A drunken Jimmy is found by Betty Compton.
Who takes him home  not knowing who he is.
She scolds him upon learning.
Jimmy is the mayor.
A mutual attraction develops.
He uses his political connections to help find her a job.
Such favors and graft become a focal point.
When opponent Fiorello LaGuardia mocks the mayor publicly and questions the current administration s integrity.
Jimmy also goes bankrupt due.
Betty grows despondent over his inability or unwillingness to get Allie to consent.
Still popular  Jimmy is reelected.
He tries to bring Betty.
It is.
Tired  Betty attempts suicide.
She is hustled out by Chris and impulsively marries a man.
Who has been courting her.
The charges lead fellow Democrats to believe.
He could hurt Franklin D.
Roosevelt s presidential hopes.
Jimmy admits.
All successful politicians do.
His popularity erodes.
Spectators boo him for the first time.
Jimmy offers his resignation.
He decides to leave New York forever  whereupon Betty   intends to join him  married or not.
<EOS>
Set in the northern Puget Sound region of the Washington state coast in 1950  the plot revolves around the murder case of Kazuo Miyamoto  a Japanese American accused of killing Carl Heine  a Caucasian fisherman.
The trial occurs.
Covering the case is the editor a World War II veteran.
Who lost an arm fighting the Japanese.
Ishmael struggles  wondering.
Kazuo is truly innocent.
Spearheading the prosecution are the town s sheriff  Art Moran  and prosecutor  Alvin Hooks.
Leading the defense is the old  experienced attorney Nels Gudmundsson.
An underlying theme is prejudice.
Several witnesses   accuse Kazuo of murdering Carl for racial and personal reasons.
Etta is a stereotypical anti-Japanese person  she represents the part.
Persecuted Japanese Americans.
This stance is not  as Kazuo  experienced prejudice because of his ancestry  following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
Etta  a German American  could be blamed for Nazi war crimes.
Also involved is Ole Jurgensen  an elderly man.
Who sold his strawberry field.
The strawberry field is a contested issue.
The land was originally owned.
The Miyamotos lived on the Heines  land and picked strawberries for Carl Sr.
Kazuo and Carl Jr.
Were close friends.
Kazuo s father eventually approached Carl Sr.
Carl Sr.
Etta opposed the sale.
Agreed. 
The payments were to be made.
However   war erupted.
The last payment was made.
S.
And Japan  and all islanders were forced to relocate to internment camps.
Carl Sr.
Died and Etta sold the land.
He was extremely bitter for reneging on the land sale.
When Kazuo returned.
He was approached.
When Ole suffered a stroke and decided to sell the farm.
Hours arrived  to try to buy the land back.
The land is presented as a family feud and the motivation behind Carl s murder.
Ishmael s search reveals on the night.
Carl Heine died a freighter had passed.
Minutes before his watch had stopped.
Ishmael realises.
Carl was thrown overboard.
He feels at Hatsue s rejection  Ishmael comes forward with the new information.
Further evidence is collected.
Carl had climbed the boat s mast to cut down a lantern  been knocked by the freighter s wake  hit his head  then fallen into the sea.
The charges are dismissed.
<EOS>
Mashood is a rich man.
Who believes that happiness and wealth are the same thing  and that both are.
He has three daughters  Zahara  Suhara and Mastura.
Zahara and Suhara share his life philosophies.
Mastura does nt and frequently clashes.
Mashood decides to prove his beliefs.
Mastura is married off.
Syawal and Mastura live a simple life together but are happy.
One day   one wanders away from the pack.
He is herding the goats.
Syawal follows it.
Where he sees a large chest.
A djinn appears and tells Syawal.
The treasure belongs.
Syawal obeys the djinn and leaves.
Elsewhere  Muharram and Safar have used up all their wives  money and decide to steal  pretending in front of their wives.
Their business has boomed.
Using this money  they buy the goats  putting him out.
Syawal was herding.
However Mastura has started up a small farm next.
This becomes their new livelihood.
Mashood s birthday is.
He invites his three daughters and their husbands.
Where they are required to give him a birthday present.
Muharam and Safar give him fancy presents.
Pleases Mashood.
He presents a packet of salt.
A packet.
Mastura explains.
Mashood is angered  saying.
Love should be.
Then Mastura presents.
She d cooked.
Mashood attempts to eat it.
The food tastes bad.
It has been cooked.
Mastura explains.
This is the meaning  for although salt and sugar are simple things  without them even the most delicious dish tastes bad.
Mashood grumps and warns them.
They wo nt be able to pull this trick again next year.
The three couples part ways.
Mastura has a baby boy.
Their baby refuses to stop crying.
Are overjoyed.
Eventually Mastura and Syawal bring their baby boy to visit Mashood.
Who tries to cheer up his grandson.
Mashood finally manages to cause the baby to stop crying by tapping on a door.
Is Albab  Mashood names the baby Ahmad Albab.
Syawal is shocked to hear this name and takes his baby back to show the djinn.
The djinn sees the baby and says.
All the treasure belongs to him.
Syawal brings Ahmad Albab every full moon to play with the djinn s wife and son.
Syawal and Mastura become wealthy.
Overnight  but even they remain humble and help others who are in need.
Meanwhile  Muharram and Safar have run out again and try to rob the same jewelry store.
However  this time the store owner is prepared.
The pair are captured and brought.
Zahara and Suhara are told to seek out a kind-hearted man name Syawal.
Who will be able to pay the bail.
All are shocked to learn.
Syawal and Mastura have suddenly become rich.
Syawal and Mastura gladly pay the bail  setting Muharram and Safar free.
However  it is time and his demand for gifts.
Muharram and Safar decide to rob Syawal s house.
They are caught.
Syawal is disappointed  but agrees to give.
Them presents for them to give.
Muharram and Safar are quiet and subdued.
Zahara and Suhara present Mashood a tray each as their gift to him.
Mashood is impressed.
Then turns  demanding their present.
Syawal gives him a model  telling him.
It is to remind him.
Mashood balks.
Muharram and Safar break down and confess that they are thieves and all the jewels.
Them. 
Mashood questions this disbelievingly.
Syawal opens his robes to reveal a smart white suit.
Mashood immediately changes his tune and tries  but Syawal reminds him of the lesson he.
Mastura are trying to teach  i.
E. 
That happiness and wealth are not inherently intertwined.
That good fortune comes.
<EOS>
Han Chul-min drives into his apartment complex parking lot and sees a large crowd gathered by the entryway into his apartment.
He enters holding a bouquet  instead he finds police officers scattered about collecting evidence.
There is a large pool of blood dripping onto the floor from the bed.
His wife is nowhere to be seen.
Han is then handcuffed  arrested and taken her murder.
Prosecutor Ahn Min-ho takes charge.
He has little doubt.
Confirming his suspicions released.
Han was arrested  but later.
Jang Ho-won  an investigator  brings the case to defense lawyer Kang.
He informs Kang  the police have yet to find any direct evidence connecting Han.
The alleged murder victim s body was never discovered.
His arrest is based.
Han   has no fingerprints.
Who works.
They are erased.
Convinced  Kang takes the case and applies and goes through a series of legal clashes against rival prosecutor Ahn.
Han is not guilty.
The case gets even more complex.
Details are unveiled.
<EOS>
Vishwanath is a multi-millionaire industrialist  living  a son named Vijay.
The pampered Vijay has completed his education and now indulges to the extreme.
Vishwanath would like his son to get married and become responsible.
Megha is Vishwanath s personal assistant.
She is a hardworking girl struggling to support her family.
Vishwanath asks Megha to quit her job and marry his son.
She refuses.
When she hears Vijay s strange condition.
Vijay wants the marriage to be and   the marriage will be annulled.
He does not fall with his wife in that duration.
However  Megha s family is and  so  she has to reconsider this offer.
She asks for financial support for her family.
Vishwanath readily provides.
Vijay and Megha are married.
They become friendly with each other.
Megha goes out.
When he meets.
However  Vijay decides to annul the marriage.
Had been agreed.
Megha leaves Vijay and returns home.
Vijay seems to be enjoying himself  but slowly and eventually  he starts to feel a longing for the presence of his devoted wife.
Complications arise.
When Megha finds out that she is pregnant.
People start to question her stay at her mother s house and the identity of the child s father.
Megha gets a job  to her surprise   he turns out to be Vijay.
Order to support herself.
When the company s managing director arrives.
He later confesses and wants her back.
He s a changed person.
But   she disagrees.
Her faith has been shattered.
Vijay continues to pursue her and leaves no stone unturned to show her.
He cares.
Later  Megha and her family hold a ceremony.
Vishwanath and Vijay attend the ceremony as well and give her presents.
Megha reveals Vijay to be her husband and tells all the guests.
An argument follows  Vijay and his father walk out.
Megha learns.
Trouble-Makers Khairati Lal and Yeshwant Kumar  who had once attempted to kill Vijay  have escaped.
They are out looking.
Who had fired them.
Megha gets anxious and tries to reach Vijay as soon.
She learns.
The whole thing was a.
Enraged  Megha goes to confront Vijay.
As soon  she accuses him.
She meets him.
Vijay then staggers  with his stomach pierced by a piece of glass and blood pouring from the wound.
Khairati and Yeshwant have attacked him.
Megha runs  slips and goes into labour.
Vijay  summoning up all his strength  takes Megha.
There  he is treated.
She delivers a healthy baby boy.
Megha and Vijay recover and get reconciled.
<EOS>
Tagline  The other side are two Jewish girls living in Paris.
They were born at the Rothschild Hospital  Mina just before Ethel.
They first meet.
When they are seven years old.
They form a friendship  despite having nothing else in common.
Their religion makes them feel.
Ethel is extroverted and comes.
Mina is introverted and comes.
Their friendship continues.
They grow up.
They start to drift apart.
Mina becomes an artist.
She is afraid to approach them.
She finds men attractive.
Ethel meanwhile becomes a journalist specializing  and finds herself in a string of relationships.
Prove unsatisfying.
They soon realize.
Their differences have put a strain.
<EOS>
Na Jung-ju is a 30 year-old woman.
Whose life is going nowhere.
She blames her misery.
Who has since become a famous singer.
Her old schoolfriend Oh Tae-hun   is now a successful and wealthy businessman.
Who used to have a big crush.
She regrets not having gone out.
Jung-ju goes back to.
Where she tries to convince her younger self.
<EOS>
It s been a year.
The Alaskan town was decimated by vampires during its annual month long polar night.
Riddled over the death of her husband  bound by nightmares and void of all emotions beyond hate and sorrow  Stella has spent the past months traveling the world  trying to convince others.
Vampires exist.
Constantly feeling  Stella is well aware the impending threat having taken from her ability to feel emotions  leaving her feeling cold and empty inside.
Though she is being hunted.
She eventually ends up in Los Angeles.
One night.
Aware  she activates overhead ultraviolet lamps.
They attend when she speaks.
Incinerate several.
She is quickly arrested and harassed.
Who she learns.
The vampires will fall.
They release her.
She is responsible.
He keeps.
When Stella asks if she is responsible at Barrow and is notified that she was  she is taken to meet Dane and is shocked to discover that he too is a vampire  though due to a superficially inflicted wound he has maintained a grasp of humanity  only drinking blood from packaged hospital stocks.
Paul eventually convinces Stella to join them  telling her of his daughter being killed by one and his accusations of a vampire killing her resulting in a divorce with his wife.
The following day  the four find their way to a vampire s nest.
They are ambushed  in the attempt to flee  Todd is bitten and turns into a vampire.
They lock themselves.
Stella manages to kill him.
When Paul hesitates.
They decide to wait.
When the vampires go to feed in order to make their escape.
Dane comes and frees them.
Night falls.
They invade the nest and rescue a human.
They were using directly.
Stella and Paul get intimate and have sex.
Meanwhile  Lilith decides.
Agent Norris should prove his worth to become a vampire.
He bites the neck  drinking her blood until dead.
Afterward she turns him.
Dane is killed.
When Norris arrives.
The others flee  they travel to a boat yard.
Jennifer points out the boat.
They are set to sail in for another 30 day feeding period.
They tell Jennifer to leave.
The three stowaway on the ship and discover.
They can be resurrected if they are fed human blood.
They eventually confront the human captain.
Who says he is doing this because they had threatened his family.
Amber is suddenly pulled away from behind and kills the captain.
When she accidentally fires her gun.
She is dragged.
Stella and Paul are too late to save her.
They are quickly captured.
Who orders.
They be bled dry.
Stella manages to free herself.
When they are alone and kills him.
They are subsequently attacked.
When attempting to sabotage the ship and Paul is killed.
Stella hides from Lilith.
Stella emerges and manages to decapitate her.
When the queen comes looking.
The other vampires appear  but seeing  they quietly stand aside and let her pass.
She killed Lilith.
She returns.
Stella digs and recovers his body to feed him her own blood  it appears not to work.
She lies down slowly dying.
She sees.
Eben has returned.
She stands to greet him.
Eben pulls back her shoulder and his sharp teeth come down.
They embrace.
The screen goes dark.
<EOS>
The film follows a group.
Is very similar.
However  the assigned teacher is also conspiring with the judge in a plan to make sure.
These offenders fail miserably  and at any cost  making one of their scheme and enlisting his fellow students to expose their plot to sell their impounded vehicles.
<EOS>
Gilbert Valence is a grand old theatre actor.
Who receives the shocking news that his wife  daughter  and son-in-law have been killed.
Valence busies himself with his daily life in Paris  turning down unsuitable roles in low-brow television productions and looking after his 9-year-old grandson.
Valence finds himself compelled to make a decision.
When an American filmmaker miscasts him.
Artificial Eye DVD release 222 cover text.
<EOS>
Sally Farnham and her husband Alex inherit an old mansion.
She discovers a bricked-up fireplace in the basement den  and asks the estate s handyman  Mr Harris  about it.
He tells her.
Sally s grandmother had him seal it up after her grandfather died and that it is better to leave it the way it is.
Sally is alone  she uses some of Mr Harris  tools to try to remove the bricks herself.
She is unable to budge the bricks.
Is able to pry open a small side door was used.
Mr Harris had said.
Inside is not a fireplace.
Several whispering voices are heard coming  calling her name.
Sally leaves the den.
Sally soon begins to feel unsettled.
One night  she is woken.
Sleeping. 
An ashtray mysteriously falls off her bedside cabinet.
However  Alex dismisses her concerns and believes.
She is suffering.
The next evening   something grabs her dress.
When she is alone.
She hears voices whispering.
We want you.
She manages to free herself and sees.
Something scuttling away  which she believes was a small animal of some kind.
Soon afterwards  she hears the same whispering coming.
He remains unconvinced  but makes sure.
When Alex returns home.
The fireplace is bolted securely shut to reassure her.
The following night  Sally throws a dinner party.
He is up at his law firm.
Sally sees a small  hideous goblin-like creature near her leg under the dinner table.
She screams.
Nobody believes.
What she saw as the creature quickly vanishes.
Alex grows impatient and thinks.
She is becoming delusional.
Later   three make their way into the bathroom and turn out the lights.
Sally is.
That they can attack her.
The creatures shriek and retreat cupboards.
Sally turns the light back on.
Where they disappear.
Sally then tells Alex.
They should sell the house.
The following day  Alex goes away to go and stay with her friend Joan.
However   the creatures attempt down a flight of stairs.
She goes.
They accidentally cause the death instead.
Sally tries to confront the creatures and asks them.
What they want.
They reply they want her spirit.
That evening  Sally s doctor prescribes sedatives.
Her friend Joan stays.
Joan begins to believe Sally s story in the house.
Returning early  Alex  however  remains unconvinced.
Alex then leaves to speak.
The electricity is cut.
Sally tries to stay awake after the creatures put the sedatives.
Joan is locked outside while checking on the circuit breaker box.
Sally manages to walk downstairs.
The creatures trip her over.
They then drag her.
She is.
Alex and Joan can reach her.
The film concludes.
Sally has been turned.
<EOS>
A scientist obsessed with revenge develops a flower.
Will do his bidding and drink human blood.
<EOS>
Wile.
E.
Coyote attempts several ways to get the Roadrunner.
The Roadrunner reaches two outcroppings.
When Wile E.
Tries it  the end comes off.
Wile.
When he thought he was going to suffer gravity yet again.
E was saved.
He tries to go on the plateau nearby.
A fish nearby is spooked.
When Wile E.
Gets his newest scheme.
.
The Coyote races skates.
When the Roadrunner tries to trip the Coyote  Wile E.
Leaps in the air and sticks his tongue out at the Roadrunner.
Little does  he is about to fall yet again.
He know.
.
Prepares. 
The Roadrunner is intrigued.
The gun goes off.
When the Roadrunner got ready.
Wile E.
The Roadrunner speeds away.
Sees the one flaw  he forgot to take off the lens cap.
Was. 
.
The Roadrunner taunts the Coyote.
Prepares a trampoline.
However   he gets trapped inside.
When he jumps.
.
Now armed.
Prepares. 
However   the crossbow fires.
When he lights the fuse and the Roadrunner comes.
Yet the dynamite is left behind.
.
Now resorting Acme  Wile E.
Receives. 
A jet propelled pogo stick.
However   it propels him.
When the Coyote prepares the pogo stick.
Down he goes again.
.
Using railroad deception again  Wile E.
Hammers set up.
A crossing sign  accompanied Sounds and tracks.
The Coyote tries to catch the bird  only to be run over.
When the Roadrunner stops.
.
Having almost blowing his top.
Uses 12 bombs down an extremely long slide.
He lifts the slide door to release the bombs.
None come out.
He tries shaking the bin moderately  then violently.
He douses the fuses to try.
To get them to go out  but when he tries to stomp.
Slides down.
The Roadrunner passes over him to add insult.
.
Wile E.
Receives another  a jet propelled unicycle.
He is dragged away.
When the Coyote lights the fuse.
Wile E.
Tries to balance himself and succeeds.
He tries to get him  but did nt move.
When he passes the Roadrunner.
When he seemed to speed off.
Wile E.
Falls down has the words The End on it.
<EOS>
Mary Hamilton an heiress tires and takes her secretary Peggy to join a group of gypsies undercover.
One follows them dressed as a gypsy.
The women head.
Jack Hutton a wealthy landowner wants the gypsies and has Sir Kenneth jailed.
Hutton then seeks out Mary s camp  not knowing her true identity  and wants her thrown as well but then catches her swimming in a moonlit pond.
Hutton falls.
Mary and Mary asks him to dine.
Attacks Mary s wagon and tie her up.
When Hutton leaves a band.
Jack then tries to rescue Mary but is beaten.
Sir Kenneth has been released from jail and arrives with Peggy  the two of them are now in love.
Sir Kenneth and Peggy head off to be married leaving Mary to care.
They cut Mary loose.
Mary tells him the truth.
She is an heiress and not a gypsy as she had led Hutton to believe.
They are later married.
American Film Institute Catalogue synopsis.
The poor   do not compare well to the heroic but naive members of the upper class.
Represented. 
<EOS>
The story revolves.
She inhabits.
<EOS>
Starts with Jekyll s butler exclaiming the Apostle from Hell.
Jekyll is now.
The police eventually catch up  interrogate him  put him in gaol and strap him to the electric chair.
Sitting at home  Jekyll awakes from his nightmare to declare  I believe in God.
<EOS>
Julie is an advice columnist.
Who begins to receive anonymous notes threatening murder and worse.
Female members of the group therapy session are being stabbed  one by one  by an unknown assailant.
She attends.
Is there a connection.
Is it her therapist  Pieter .
Who has sex just before they are murdered.
<EOS>
Ronnie Dobbs -- a redneck petty criminal -- is noticed.
Whose hijinks are caught by a Cops-like television show called Fuzz.
Who notices Dobbs s popularity.
He promotes the idea to television executives entitled Ronnie Dobbs Gets Arrested in.
Ronnie is arrested each week.
The show becomes a phenomenal success leading.
Dramatically changes Dobbs life.
<EOS>
The plot revolves.
His elder sister Hema Malini  who is a police officer  tries to catch him.
Amitabh Bachchan  is an ally.
Who himself has a past.
<EOS>
Sixteen-year-old Tru has been raised by two lesbian mothers and two gay fathers.
Tru and her mothers relocate.
When one gets a well-paid job in a multi-cultural but more conservative suburb in Southern California.
Teachers welcome her.
When Tru first starts.
A group bully her and say.
She looks.
One changes his mind about her.
They start dating  but the relationship never becomes sexual.
Lodell flirts.
When they attend The Marvelous Wonderettes musical.
Tru s fathers suggest.
Lodell is gay.
Reluctantly admits.
When Tru questions him he finally.
He is a closeted homosexual.
She tells him.
She does nt want to be his Katie Holmes but agrees to be his beard so he can continue to be accepted.
Tru begins to spend time.
Tru defends Walter and they become friends.
When he bullies openly-gay classmate Walter.
They try to establish a Gay Straight Alliance.
The school drama teacher agrees to be the faculty sponsor.
A conservative teacher and a closeted English teacher refuse to support the group.
The first meeting is successful.
The coach calls the players ladies  rants.
Kids ca nt even say prayers  but the fags  get their own club.
Meets a gay-rights supporter  hipster-geek senior Trevor.
She initially thinks.
He s gay.
They quickly form an intimate relationship.
Trevor  raised  is open-minded about Tru s family arrangement.
Later  Tru discovers.
Lodell and Walter are sexually involved.
She ends her.
Trevor sends out a mass coming out.
When Lodell and his teammates destroy a Gay Straight Alliance banner.
Tru is upset but eventually forgives him.
Tru s mothers have a small backyard commitment ceremony attended.
Lodell arrives to announce.
He has left another.
He has the opportunity to reconcile and meet David Kopay.
Manuel arrives and punches Lodell for not revealing his sexuality.
He refuses to accept homosexuality  but promises to continue being a friend.
Lodell performs a self-penned song  the school principical dances.
The closeted English teacher is advised.
Maple to be open.
Lodell comes out to his mother and grandmother and introduces Walter as his boyfriend.
<EOS>
A couple  David and Amy Fox take a wrong turn.
They realize.
When their car breaks down.
They are  with no reception.
They then decide to check.
A bored David takes a peek.
He realizes.
He watches the tapes.
They are snuff films  taken.
The couple are alarmed  and try to run away.
Men dressed and wearing masks stop them.
They return.
David makes a run to no avail  escaping it.
Before a car crashes.
The couple decides to lock themselves.
When they notice a truck pull in.
They try to warn the truck driver only to find out.
He s actually there to buy a box.
David and Amy escape.
They discover.
They follow the tunnel and end up.
Where they find video monitors taping the entire hotel.
Amy tries to make a call but is interrupted.
She can give the operator any useful information.
The couple sneak back.
Two follow them in shortly after  but the couple evade them making their way into the auto garage across the lot from the motel.
Meanwhile  the police unit responding arrives.
David and Amy run.
He checks the rooms.
They all get but it has been sabotaged.
The killers murder the policeman.
He looks.
The couple run.
David hides Amy.
He ventures out.
The killers catch and stab David.
He ends up lying unconscious.
Amy comes down from the ceiling and finds.
Where the killers hid their car.
A killer breaks.
Amy drives away.
Amy crashes the car into the motel  killing her attacker as well as another one of the masked men  revealed to be the gas station attendant.
Earlier helped the couple.
Who is crushed.
She runs.
Where she finds a revolver.
An apoplectic Mason strangles her with a telephone cord.
Mason beats her severely.
They fight.
But  Mason throws Amy within reach of a revolver.
She had dropped.
She shoots Mason three times.
Amy immediately runs to find.
He is still barely alive.
She searches Mason s body carefully  calls 911 again and returns to caress David.
He had pulled out.
<EOS>
Sally and her little sister are sent to visit their three uncles.
They bring their two puppies.
Melissa is.
The uncles find the little girls amusing but tell them.
The dogs must stay outside.
Meanwhile  a nearby tribe is having a tribal dance.
The puppies  left  run off.
Sally  worried goes outside and discovers.
They are gone.
She follows their trail and runs.
Who have captured them.
There is a scuffle.
Her uncles arrive and intervene.
Gunfire ensues and one is left dead.
The other Indian returns to inform them.
Aroused they go into a war dance.
Meanwhile  a tearful Sally has persuaded a friendly hand to build a secret door.
She can bring the puppies inside.
The Indians attack the village and the frightened settlers run off.
The baby is captured by the Indians.
The Indians attack the cabin.
After a scout rides off to alert the fort.
The Indians ride.
The settlers try to fight them off.
Melissa   is distraught worrying about the fate of her baby.
Sally  more worried sneaks out her secret door and finds not only them  but the baby in the arms of a dead Indian.
She brings the babies back through the secret door.
The cabin is burning.
As the settlers are running out.
The Indians  crawling  are almost in the cabin  the cavalry arrives.
The Indians are quickly dispatched  all is well but.
Sally pops out.
All is well.
The uncle agrees to let Sally keep the puppies inside.
<EOS>
Lora Meredith  a struggling white widow with aspirations of becoming a famous Broadway actress  loses track of her young daughter Susie at the beach  and requests the help of a stranger named Steve Archer to help her find the girl.
Susie is found and looked.
Who is.
She can pass.
Lora takes Annie in temporarily.
Lora can not afford a nanny.
That Lora can pursue an acting career.
Meredith becomes a successful star  with Alan Loomis as her agent and David Edwards as her chief playwright.
Struggles. 
Their courtship falls apart.
Lora had begun a romantic relationship.
He rejects her ambition to be a star.
Lora s tight focus also prevents her from spending time with her daughter.
Who sees more than she does her own mother.
Annie and Sarah Jane have their own struggles.
The light-skinned Sarah Jane is and steadfastly wants to pass for white.
Sarah Jane s anger translates into animosity towards her long-suffering mother.
Eleven years later   Lora is a highly regarded Broadway star living in a luxurious home in New York.
Annie continues to live  serving all at once as nanny  housekeeper  confidant and best friend.
Lora takes a role in a dramatic play.
She meets Steve.
Whom she has not seen.
The two slowly begin rekindling their relationship.
Steve is reintroduced.
She leaves Steve to watch.
When Lora is signed to star.
The teenager develops an unrequited crush.
Adolescence has not stopped Sarah Jane  she begins dating a white boy.
Who severely beats her.
Some time later  Sarah Jane passes.
Order to get a job performing.
Lies and tells her she is working at the library.
When Annie learns the truth and appears to claim her daughter.
Sarah Jane is fired.
Her subsequent dismissal begins taking a physical and mental toll on Annie.
Lora returns to find  and has Steve hire a detective to find her.
Sarah Jane has run away.
The detective locates Sarah Jane  living as a white woman under an assumed name and working as a chorus girl.
Annie  becoming weaker and more depressed  flies out to California to see her daughter one last time and say goodbye.
Annie is bedridden to New York.
Lora and Susie look.
The issue becomes a serious issue.
When Susie learns that Steve and Lora are to be married.
Lora learns on her fiance.
Susie decides to go away to school in Denver  Colorado  to forget about Steve.
Not  however  the now gravely ill Annie passes away.
After Susie leaves.
Annie is given a lavish funeral in a large church  complete with a gospel choir and a parade-like procession with a horse-drawn hearse.
However  a remorseful Sarah Jane tears and throws herself upon her mother s casket  begging forgiveness.
Before the procession begins.
Lora takes Sarah Jane.
The procession slowly travels.
<EOS>
Calvin is a very short thief and convict.
Calvin plots a jewellery shop robbery to steal one of the world s largest diamonds.
The duo is almost arrested  but.
Before Calvin manages to stash the diamond.
The thieves follow the handbag s owner.
Where they discover a couple  Darryl and Vanessa  who are eager to have a child.
Calvin and Percy hatch a plot to pass Calvin.
Darryl and Vanessa  wanting a child  immediately adopt the baby.
However  Vanessa s dad Pops has a bad feeling.
Friends find Calvin odd as well.
A local goon  Walken  discovers the deception and demands the diamond.
Percy sells and now Calvin  in a series of comedic maneuvers  manages to rescue Darryl and have Walken arrested.
They are given a substantial reward.
Calvin thanks Darryl.
He leaves.
Though he was nt really a baby.
Calvin is about to be out for good.
Darryl watches him leave.
Calvin is crying hysterically  so Darryl decides to let Calvin stay on  the two men become the best of friends.
The film ends.
Who looks exactly.
<EOS>
Rafe Covington is with his best friend Charles Rodney on a vessel bound for San Francisco.
However  Rodney picks a fight.
The captain beats Rodney nearly.
Rodney asks Covington to take care of his Wyoming Ranch and his wife  Anne.
Covington promises.
Rodney dies peacefully.
Covington  full  beats up the captain  and then he and his other two best friends  Rock Mullaney and J.
T Langston head off.
Where they find the ranch deserted.
They immediately start to take care.
Covington heads off to pick up supplies.
Is run.
Covington makes friends.
Who was a friend.
Covington meets Barkow  but makes enemies.
Covington meets  and tells her of.
What happened.
She refuses to believe him.
Covington picks up the supplies.
Gill agrees to help out.
Covington  Rock  J.
T and Gill round up the cattle and get the ranch going again.
This makes Barkow angry.
Covington repeatedly tries to convince Anne.
He is here to look  but again and again she refuses to believe him.
One day  Covington  Rock  J.
T and Gill go.
Covington buys a new Winchester rifle.
Was meant.
However  Mike Taggart challenges Covington.
Taggart shoots and misses  Covington returns fire and kills Mike.
Snake jumps out and tries to shoot Covington.
Covington shoots him to.
Covington rides out.
Luke Taggart swears vengeance.
Angry.
S been going on.
T three days to clear out.
He will force them out.
He offers Gill to stay  but Gill openly sides.
Barkow hires Bo Dorn  one.
The three days run up.
Covington has still not cleared out.
Barkow sends Dorn.
Dorn takes cover.
Anne rides  and tells Covington  and has had enough of Barkow.
She believes him.
Just then  Dorn shoots and kills J.
T.
Anne rides back.
Covington  Rock and Gill bury J.
T.
Barkow forces Anne to marry him  therefore giving him control of the ranch.
Barkow takes Anne.
She passes out.
He locks her.
Having had enough  Covington  Rock and Gill load up and ride.
Barkow  Dorn and Barkow s thugs open fire and the battle begins.
Covington takes.
Rock  Gill and the gunstore owner fight Barkow and his men.
Dorn shoots Covington.
Covington plays dead.
Covington shoots him twice.
When Dorn is nt looking.
Covington approaches Dorn.
Who slowly dies.
Covington holsters his weapon.
Barkow suddenly appears and shoots Covington again the back.
Barkow prepares to finish off Covington.
Anne shoots Barkow as well with Covington s rifle  saving Covington.
Meanwhile  Rock  Gill and the gunstore owner kill Barkow s thugs.
However  Gill and the gunstore owner are both shot and wounded  but survive along.
Anne nurses Covington back to health and the town returns to a peaceful life.
It s implied.
Covington and Anne get married.
<EOS>
Based.
However  Norshteyn has said - he should look.
The cinematographer should not be interested.
Is skipped.
The break is the most promising  the most alive place for cinema.
<EOS>
Soichi Naruse is a projectionist.
Who has worked.
He and his daughter Harue spend a lonely existence together.
Harue arranges.
When Soichi s health fails.
Believing Akane to be possessed  Soichi recovers.
<EOS>
The film presents the story  popularly known as Vakkaalaththu Narayanankutty  an active social worker.
Who can bear anything.
He reacts promptly.
When he sees law being broken anywhere.
He does nt even care as.
Who is pitted and just goes on fighting.
This leads.
The film follows that.
<EOS>
Made  the 30-minute film tracks several people after starting free antiretroviral drug therapy.
Who were seriously ill but return.
Interviewees describe their illness and recovery  they also speak.
Who may have to walk to reach a clinic.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Who terrorizes the slums into the heart of.
Babbu becomes more and more powerful.
Time goes on.
He manages to seize power and make himself Chief Minister of the state.
Babbu is able to seize all of Maharashtra s money and launder it stripping the people of their wealth.
Shiva Swarassi is a poor.
Who   decides that it s time to get rid of Bappu.
He gets the people together and forms a rebellion against Bappu promising.
He will avenge his deceased parents and kill Bappu.
A series of murders take place upon Bappu s top Counterparts.
<EOS>
Biopicture.
She tells her story to fame to the inquiring reporter Annika Kern.
Her powerful position is threatened.
Her BeautiControl company takes an enormous bite.
Enters Lexi Wilcox  a slightly off-center beauty.
<EOS>
The film revolves.
Aaron  the older son  lives.
Aaron and Michelle have been trying to buy their own home and have children but have been unsuccessful.
Aaron envies Ryan.
Ryan is a successful writer  while he has not had his novel published  and resents his brother because he would rather spend money to L.
A.
Him pay for the funeral expenses.
Aaron and Ryan s cousin Elaine and her fiance Oscar are.
To ease Oscar s nerves  she gives him a pill.
Jeff later reveals to Elaine.
It is actually a powerful hallucinogenic drug he s concocted.
Chaos ensues  he knocks it over.
When Oscar hallucinates that the coffin is moving.
The body falls out.
Aaron is approached  a dwarf named Frank.
Who reveals himself to be the secret lover.
Frank shows Aaron photos and threatens to reveal them to Aaron s mother.
He is paid $.
Aaron tells Ryan.
Who suggest Aaron pay the money because Ryan claims he s buried.
Frank starts to deride Aaron s ability.
Aaron and Ryan meet with him to pay him.
Aaron refuses to pay.
Frank begins to turn violent and puts his hand and tries to leave the room  Ryan attacks Frank and both Aaron and Ryan tie Frank up to prevent him from leaving.
Norman comes in and sees.
What happened.
He gives Frank several doses.
What he also believes is Valium to try to calm him down  before Jeff tells them.
Oscar took earlier.
Frank frees himself  jumps off the couch  and hits his head on the coffee table.
Jeff and Norman  who are supposed to be watching Frank  get distracted.
Believing Frank is dead  they plan to put him in the coffin.
Aaron and Ryan put Frank.
Everyone is outside watching Oscar  who is now naked  threatening to jump because he saw Elaine s ex-boyfriend Derek kissing her.
Elaine tells Oscar.
Derek forced himself and calms him down by revealing she is pregnant.
Back inside  they continue the eulogy.
Frank starts banging and suddenly emerges from it.
Aaron awkwardly tries to give his speech.
The pictures fall out.
Cynthia sees the pictures  screams  and starts to attack him.
Aaron yells.
He delivers a moving  impromptu eulogy saying that his father was a good man.
The film ends saying goodbye.
Ryan gets a ride.
Aaron and Michelle are finally alone.
Going to try to have a baby.
Aaron asks.
Where Uncle Russell is.
Michelle tells him.
She gave him what she believes is Valium to calm him down.
Uncle Russell is on the roof naked.
Oscar had been complaining.
<EOS>
The film is set in a dystopian view of the future  in the Mexico City.
Which by that time has been renamed Villaparaiso.
The totalitarian militaristic/corporate government has outlawed the freedom in general.
The government maintains control.
Includes toxic chemicals.
The protagonist is Lozada.
A lawyer whose true identity is Father Miguel  the leader.
He is a priest.
Is a fusion.
Wants to free people.
He befriends Pablo  a rich and pampered man.
Who believed that he was orphaned.
Who is.
Lozada informs him.
His father is actually a prisoner.
Pablo joins the organization to rescue his father and overthrow the government.
<EOS>
This story revolves.
Tapasi s mother could not accept her daughter s wedding and brought her home.
Tapasi s father dies.
Tapasi being well educated goes and meets a rich young man  named Kiriti.
They fall.
However Tapasi had wedded Bulu  a teenage village zamindar boy.
A guilty feeling chases her every day.
She can not forget her past.
She decides to get married again.
Her brother reminds her.
Her mother wants the marriage to happen.
Tapasi approaches.
Her grandmother asks her what she ought to do.
Her grandmother reminds her.
Sita triumphed by the test.
She hopes.
Tapasi would also emerge victorious.
Tapasi is determined to face the truth.
She cames.
She tries to meet Bulu  but sees Kiriti.
She comes to know.
Kiriti is Bulu  her long lost love.
She thus wins back her lost love and triumphs over her guilt.
<EOS>
This short documentary film draws upon her art and her personality.
The documentary reviews.
Dahl-Wolfe discovered Lauren Bacall  who was a young actress and worked as a model.
It was Dahl-Wolfe s photos.
Film producer Harry Warner saw  and subsequently asked Bacall that she come for a screen test.
Bacall was cast opposite Humphrey Bogart in the film To Have and Have Not.
Dahl-Wolfe also photographed  Tallulah Bankhead  Spencer Tracy  Eudora Welty  Paul Robson  Bette Davis  and others.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Has a well that can heal the sick and make a person more beautiful.
Many conceited or corrupt individuals come.
The village has notoriety  as well as being a ground for darkness and demons.
Succubi entice the tainted souls and lead them to their deaths.
Who come.
Order to offer their souls.
A prominent young succubus named.
Kia loathes the routine.
Kia claims.
Her powers are being wasted.
Needs something/someone more stimulating.
Her sister succubus  Amael  warns Kia.
A pure soul will bring  love.
Kia persists anyway and attempts to find a clergyman to seduce.
She realizes.
These men are just as her previous victims.
She soon stumbles.
Who comes to the sacred water in order to heal his.
Kia then continues to follow the siblings and pretends to be lost.
Kia convinces Marc to accompany her to the sea.
Arndis becomes blind from looking into the sky.
Disoriented  she stumbles around.
Order to find Marc.
Marc and Kia quickly become attracted.
Marc has a pure soul and will not have closer relations.
If they are married.
Marc takes her.
Kia sleeps.
Kia flees.
She is repulsed.
His purity makes her ill.
Amael and Kia meditate revenge for defiling her with an act of love.
Amael summons an incubus.
Attempts to kill Marc and rapes and murders Arndis.
He makes the sign.
Marc prays.
Defending himself  he appears to have killed him.
Amael tells him he has the sin.
Kia follows Marc.
Who is dying.
Where she professes her love.
The resurrected incubus intervenes and claims.
She belongs.
Kia defies him and makes the sign  surprising even herself.
A goat appears and wrestles her.
She claims  I belong to the God of Light  and crawls toward Marc.
Who immediately embraces her.
The final scene shows the couple  with the goat gazing back at them.
<EOS>
Little Bear and Father Bear go out camping.
They meet a new young bear named Cub and his friend Little Moose.
Then Little Bear is met.
Cub saves him.
Cub tries to get acquainted.
Little Bear s house then plays.
They search.
When they learn that Cub s parents got lost.
Little Bear  Cub  and Duck get separated.
They soon encounter Cub s friends Poppy and Pete the two silly red foxes.
Trouble spies and tries to eat Duck.
When they get.
Poppy and Pete save Duck.
Little Bear manages to defeat Trouble and find Cub s parents.
<EOS>
Five-thousand years ago  Pharaoh Atem killed and imprisoned Anubis.
He tried to destroy the world using the forbidden Shadow Games.
Anubis  tomb is uncovered by archaeologists  complete with his most valuable treasure  the Pyramid of Light.
Yugi Mutou completes Atem s Millennium Puzzle  causing Anubis to awaken from his eternal slumber and begin his return from the dead.
Sharing his body under the alias of Yami Yugi  Yugi goes on to become the King of Games  the world s greatest player of the trading card game Duel Monsters  by defeating his rival Seto Kaiba and obtaining the three powerful Egyptian God cards.
Desperate to defeat Yugi  Kaiba turns to gain any new cards designed to defeat the God cards.
Kaiba and Pegasus duel winning and taking two cards.
Pegasus claims he only created one.
Yugi and Tea Gardner go.
Where Anubis  corpse and the Pyramid are on display  meeting up with Yugi s Grandpa Solomon  who reads a prophecy describing a clairvoyant eye which will prevent the world s destruction if blinded.
Anubis  spirit attacks the group.
Him a Shadow Game deathmatch.
He awakens to find Anubis and the Pyramid  and races to warn Kaiba  taken to his duel dome by Kaiba s little brother Mokuba with friends Joey Wheeler and Tristan Taylor in pursuit.
Kaiba arrogantly and ignorantly forces Yami Yugi  unaware.
Anubis is manipulating him.
Yugi  Joey and Tristan are sucked.
Mokuba flees the crumbling building.
Yugi  Joey and Tristan awaken  finding Anubis  tomb within.
The regenerating sorcerer reveals.
His monsters will destroy the modern world.
Yami Yugi and Kaiba continue their duel  each blow actually draining away their physical energy.
Kaiba uses the second new card  the Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon  to destroy Yami s last monster.
Dropping his Life Points.
Tea  Solomon  and Mokuba escape the collapsing dome  Pegasus having figured out.
What is going on.
Tea s soul is sent to aid Yugi  Joey and Tristan.
Yugi finds the Dagger within Anubis  tomb  and uses it to destroy the all-seeing eye in the tomb as per the prophecy.
Anubis materializes.
He tries to alter the duel s path  casting him aside and taking command.
Yami  reunited  destroys the Pyramid of Light card with the Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon and then uses Kaiba s planned strategy to summon the God Cards and end the duel by destroying Anubis.
However  Anubis rises again and transforms the Duel Monsters cards into real creatures.
This proves to be his undoing.
When Yugi and Yami summon the Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon to destroy Anubis.
Kaiba departs promising to defeat Yugi  Yugi thanking Yami and his friends.
<EOS>
High school student Casey Becker receives a flirtatious phone call  asking her  What s your favorite scary movie.
He reveals.
Her boyfriend Steve is being held hostage.
Steve is murdered.
She is attacked and murdered.
When Casey refuses to cooperate.
Her body is hung.
The following day  the news media descend.
A police investigation begins.
Meanwhile  Sidney Prescott struggles by Cotton Weary.
Sidney receives a threatening phone call.
Waiting at home Tatum Riley.
She is attacked.
She hangs up.
Sidney s boyfriend Billy Loomis arrives and offers support.
Sidney suspects him.
He drops his cell phone.
She flees.
Billy is arrested.
Tatum takes Sidney.
Billy is released the next day.
Suspicion has shifted.
The calls have been traced.
School is suspended.
Principal Himbry is stabbed.
The students have left the school.
Billy s friend Stu Macher throws a party to celebrate the school closure.
The party is attended.
Reporter Gale Weathers attends uninvited to cover the situation.
She expects the killer to strike.
Deputy sheriff Dewey Riley also looks out.
Tatum is killed after having her torso crushed by a garage door.
Billy arrives to speak privately.
The two ultimately consummate their relationship.
Dewey and Gale investigate a nearby abandoned car.
Many party attendees are drawn away  Randy  Sidney  Billy  Stu  and Gale s cameraman Kenny remain.
Sidney and Billy are attacked by the killer.
Who seemingly murders Billy.
Sidney escapes the killer and seeks help.
He gets his throat slit.
Sidney again flees.
Gale and Dewey  having discovered  return.
The car belongs.
They believe.
Neil is the killer and has come to continue his spree.
Gale attempts to leave the scene but drives off-road and crashes to avoid hitting Sidney.
Meanwhile  Dewey is stabbed.
Sidney takes Dewey s gun.
Stu and Randy appear and accuse each other.
Sidney retreats.
Where she finds Billy  wounded but still alive.
She gives Billy the gun  he lets Randy and then shoots him.
Billy has feigned his injuries and is actually the killer  Stu is his accomplice.
Billy and Stu discuss their plan to kill Sidney and frame her father --.
Whom they have taken hostage.
The pair admit.
Billy says.
He was motivated to seek revenge because of an affair she was having with Billy s father  Hank  which drove his mother away.
Gale  thought dead  intervenes.
Sidney takes advantage to turn the tables on her attackers  killing Stu.
Randy is revealed to be wounded but alive.
Billy attacks Sidney.
She shoots him  killing him.
A badly-injured Dewey is taken away.
The sun rises and police arrive.
Gale makes an impromptu news report.
<EOS>
Rafael is a kind  good-hearted butcher.
He has a lonely life.
He longs to have a family life  a dream.
Seems unattainable.
One early morning  he sees a young man assaulting a woman.
When he is driving his truck.
Rafael can not help but intervene and jumps.
Taking pity  he takes her to his home.
Her name is Marina and the man was her boyfriend  Daniel.
Who was beating her.
Marina  nicknamed One-Eye  tells Rafael.
She and Daniel grew up together  where she was left abandoned by her father.
Marina feels attach.
They do not have anybody else.
They have had a hard life.
Now  she is adamant not only to have the baby   but she would like to offer the baby the family life  she never had.
She is pregnant.
Daniel does not want.
Daniel is now.
She gladly accepts his offer but warns him and then she would not know.
Daniel sooner or later will come back.
What to do.
Marina and Rafael both grab the possibility to fulfill the impossible dream.
They once had to form a family.
Rafael treats the troubled Marina.
She responds.
There is more than one way to be a man and to experience love.
The two find healing and happiness raising Marina s daughter  Estrella.
Rafael recognizes.
Years later  their happiness is threatened.
He knocks.
As Marina arrived years ago.
He only wants a place to live.
Rafael does not want to lose her and reluctantly allows Daniel to stay.
He knows that Marina has strong  unresolved feelings.
Become weeks.
The three lonely  disaffected adults thus form an uneasy family.
Marina is reluctant to be left alone  is not he her own feelings.
Who she does not trust but.
Rafael goes  leaving the other two alone.
To see her reaction.
Rafael comes back soon unexpectedly finding Marina and Daniel together.
He initially wants them to leave but finally comes to accept an uncommon arrangement.
The three remain together with their daughter forming an uneasy family.
Daniel   helps Rafael and settles in a family life for a while.
Who passes.
He finally leaves.
Marina has said the he would do eventually.
Nevertheless  not much later he is.
Marina leaves to follow him.
Rafael is now alone to take care.
Time has gone and watching the T.
V news Rafael finds out.
Daniel has been involved and is once again in jail.
Marina  then  comes.
They have a second daughter.
Rafael visits Daniel.
Has finally grown appreciation and understanding.
Daniel feels defeated  the lucky star.
He thought he had has left him.
He was raped and is now seriously ill.
Daniel s condition is so bad.
He is release to spend his remaining days home.
He is grateful.
Now he has a place to go  the home form.
Daniel s suffering is unbearable.
He begs Marina to help him die  unwillingly she shoots him to release him.
Marina dies.
Rafael is now alone to take care.
<EOS>
The film starts.
Who gets admission.
He is unable to fulfill his dream.
His girlfriend Tani got a scholarship to US.
He becomes depressed.
He is happy.
His friend  Ricky  tells him.
He can get him.
Lorry will have to smuggle drugs along.
Lorry agrees.
Successfully passes the X-ray machine.
ACP Vishnu Kamath is a previously corrupt cop.
Who had accepted a lot to satisfy his family.
However  his family died.
Several years later  he is offered a job.
He accepts.
His success leads.
The drug dealers gather.
Zoey guarantees them.
Their drugs will be if they are given to a mysterious person named Michael Barbosa.
Kamath decides to chase Michael Barbosa and finds out.
He is already dead.
When Kamath reaches Ricky.
Kamath finds out.
They reach.
The airport is about to leave.
Kamath encounters Rozanna and finds a photo in her phone.
She is allowed to go due.
Kamath then identifies Lorry.
He had seen.
They detain him and find cocaine stuffed.
Lorry is sent to juvenile jail.
Where his friend  DJ Joki  tries to get him out.
It is then revealed.
Zoey and Joki used.
Zoey wanted to be an air hostess  but failed.
Joki introduced her.
K. 
A. 
The Biscuit.
Who had worldwide contacts.
Biscuit got her an international job in airlines.
She had to smuggle cocaine to repay him.
She ended up getting caught and was sentenced.
Biscuit s contact got her free.
To repay him  she had to sleep.
She broke up and led her life into drug-dealing with Biscuit.
Joki meets Zoey and the two end.
Zoey gives him a video announcing.
He is going to give a rave  out of Kamath s jurisdiction and that Michael Barbosa will be bringing and exchanging drugs.
Joki gives this tape.
He kills Zoey.
When Biscuit comes to know.
Kamath attacks Biscuit s party and arrests the drug dealers.
Kamath s teammate Rane asks him  Kamath says.
He knows the mystery kills Kamath.
It is revealed.
Rane was always involved.
Joki later finds out and arrives at the crime scene  fitting together the pieces.
Kamath has.
Michael Barbosa is not a man.
A gravesite Biscuit uses.
We see Joki carefully storing the bags  then calling Rane to arrange a meeting.
Lorry is now free.
He comes out.
Then  Joki kills Rane saying.
When Joki and Rane are going to meet Biscuit.
He knows Rane is the person who kills Kamath.
Then Kamath s body is being cremated.
We see.
This is where Joki has put the drugs.
Biscuit arrives just too late.
Having been brought low  Biscuit is killed by a woman.
Who may be Rozanna.
Lorry comes.
Where Joki is singing.
Tani joins him.
The film ends.
Joki is riding envisioning Kamath and Zoey.
<EOS>
A doctor s daughter has been kidnapped and buried alive.
The doctor must race.
Her air runs out.
She suffocates.
Everything leads up.
<EOS>
Easwaran heads to the bigger city of Chennai with his father  seeking medicine to treat an illness.
They live.
Who s caught up involving a thug named Aditya.
Easwaran is and may need his little brother s help.
Aditya continues to head dirty deals.
<EOS>
John Jack Sommersby left his farm to fight but has not returned home afterward  and is presumed dead.
His apparent widow Laurel is quite content in his absence.
Jack was an unpleasant and abusive husband.
She even makes remarriage plans.
Who has been helping her and her young son with the farmwork.
One day  Jack seemingly returns.
He is now kind and loving.
He reads to them from Homer s Iliad.
The old Jack never would have done.
He claims.
The book was given by a man he met in prison  and that War changes you  makes you appreciate things.
Jack and Laurel rekindle their intimacy.
Laurel soon becomes pregnant.
Displaced  Meacham immediately suspects this new Sommersby as an impostor.
The town shoemaker also finds.
This man s foot is two sizes smaller.
Sommersby suggests Burley tobacco.
Order to revive the local economy.
He raises the seed money.
Who will then work the land to grow tobacco.
This raises further doubts  as well as resentment among Confederate veterans about the inclusion of former slaves.
Who believe that the old Jack would not be so hasty to give away his beloved father s land.
One black freedman living is brutally attacked and dropped at Sommersby s door  by men proclaiming themselves the Knights of the White Camellia.
Jack is threatened to force him to exclude Black people from the landowning.
He refuses  saying.
They can own what they pay.
He sets off to buy the tobacco seed claiming.
The crops will raise enough funds to rebuild the town church.
Great suspicion and skepticism falls.
When he does not return.
He does  however  return.
All those set to work  transforming the dull and lifeless plantation.
Bought in.
Laurel gives birth.
S.
Marshals appear to arrest Jack Sommersby.
He is charged.
Carries the death penalty if convicted.
Laurel s attempts to save her husband quickly focus.
The trial begins.
Whether this Jack is who he claims to be.
Who met the real Sommersby whilst for deserting the Confederate Army.
Laurel and Jack s lawyer agree to argue.
Her husband is an impostor  not the same man who left Laurel to fight.
This would save her husband.
He would still be imprisoned.
Meacham devises this plan.
Jack fires the lawyer and sets.
Several witnesses are brought up to discredit this Sommersby.
Who state that he is one Horace Townsend  an English teacher.
One witness says.
The man currently posing as Jack defrauded his township after claiming he wanted to help rebuild the schoolhouse there.
Sommersby quickly discredits the man s testimony.
Who had threatened him earlier.
Jack also points out.
Orin Meacham was another  and that this is all a set-up to try to rob the new black farmers of the land they have bought.
The witness snaps .
When the black judge  Barry Conrad Isaacs confronts the witness.
When the Yankees have all gone you ll be back where you belong.
Jack asks Laurel to give the reason  she replies  I love you.
The drama unfolds.
She knows he is not the real Jack Sommersby.
I never loved him the way.
Judge Isaacs calls Jack.
Whether he wishes to be tried even if it will certainly mean death by hanging.
Jack glances.
Who have been farming his land.
Then he glances.
Who would be respectively condemned if he claimed the identity of Horace Townsend.
He calmly states.
He wants to be tried.
Jack is convicted and is sentenced to death by hanging.
He is asked to tell the truth.
Awaiting death.
She asks  Are you John Sommersby.
Jack tells her the story.
A man had to share a cell.
They got to know everything about each other.
Jack Sommersby killed another man  then died from a wound.
He got.
Horace Townsend then buries Jack Sommersby.
Is seen.
He answers.
When Laurel asks him You mean you buried Jack.
I buried Horace.
Horace Townsend decided to assume Jack Sommerby s identity  and no longer be the man.
He was.
Jack concludes.
He ca nt admit that he is Horace Townsend  because then Laurel  her son Rob and Rachel would have no money and no house.
He asks Laurel to be.
Jack is taken.
He can not hang alone.
But  Laurel makes her way.
Jack Sommersby is about to be hanged.
Jack calls  claiming to the executioner.
He is nt ready.
She calls back.
The two see each other.
Then he is executed.
The closing scenes show Laurel walking up a hill.
She then kneels and lays the flowers down for him.
It is revealed.
Work is being done  as Jack had wished.
<EOS>
Jamaica Motel tells a story set.
Exists. 
Set  three rooms in this motel consist of undercover cops executing a prostitution sting  two gang members awaiting the other half of a drug deal  and two cheating lovers.
Jamaica Motel tells the story.
Who catches his cheating wife and her lover.
<EOS>
Vishal is a respectable and honest officer.
One day Vishal is abducted and killed.
Who is missing.
He is taken in by a jungle tribe.
Where the chief trains him.
Honest and diligent Gandhian Raghunath gets very angry.
His son is incriminated.
When Omiji attempts to inquire.
Caused. 
Powerless  Omiji hesitates.
To act.
Raghunath is killed.
Thereafter  Jugnu returns   willing to avenge his brother s death.
A one man army.
<EOS>
A police investigator cracks down.
He sides.
He realizes the police are.
<EOS>
Don Pedro and his noblemen are visiting their good friend Leonato after having quashed the uprising led by Don John  the prince s bastard.
Are the misogynistic and witty Benedick  erstwhile flame of Leonato s equally sharp-tongued and somewhat fierce niece  Beatrice   and Benedick s sworn brother Claudio  a young count.
Who is something.
Claudio has been thinking fondly.
Before he went  and returns to find her as attractive as ever.
Don Pedro  learning  arranges the match at a party.
To foil it.
Needing something to pass the time  Don Pedro decides to arrange a similar fate for Beatrice and Benedick.
Both parties being such professed  this match will take a little more ingenuity.
Tyrant -LSB- s.
Leonato  Claudio and the Prince stage a loud conversation containing a fictitious account  knowing Benedick to be hiding well within earshot.
Much Beatrice is.
Hero and her gentlewoman Ursula play the same trick.
Each believes the story.
They hear.
Don John and his men have been casting about for ways to stop the intended marriage between the man.
Who hath all the glory and the woman for whom one may suspect he has cherished some tender feeling.
The night  his servant Borachio arranges to meet with Hero s gentlewoman Margaret at Hero s chamber window.
John shows his half-brother and Claudio the rendezvous and makes.
Them believe that they are seeing Hero.
The constable Dogberry appoints a watch to keep the peace.
The three hapless watchmen happen to hear Borachio bragging about.
He and Don John had finally succeeded.
They make the arrest and send Dogberry.
The old gentleman is to try to decipher.
What the constable would say.
Amidst the confusion  the villain has managed to escape.
He can get his comeuppance.
Claudio publicly disgraces his would-be bride and storms away along with all of the guests except for Ursula  the Friar  Leonato  Beatrice  her father Antonio  and Benedick.
They all agree.
Hero   suddenly died.
Beatrice and Benedick linger a moment  and wind up confessing their love.
Beatrice asks Benedick to do the one thing  she asks him to kill Claudio.
Will satisfy her outrage.
He agrees.
It is.
The story comes to light.
After the challenge is issued.
The Prince and Claudio are sorely grieved.
Leonato forgives Claudio.
He marry Hero s cousin.
Claudio agrees.
She is revealed to be none other.
When the bride is brought forth.
They then profess their true and undying love.
Do Beatrice and Benedick when faced found in the pockets of each  Benedick s in the form of an endearingly poorly-written song.
All are reconciled.
Don John is discovered and promised punishment.
The film ends  with the newlyweds at the center of them.
<EOS>
Sam Lowry is a low-level government employee.
Who has frequent daydreams.
One day he is assigned the task.
Caused it to misprint a file.
He discovers Jill Layton  the upstairs neighbour  and is astonished to see.
When Sam visits Buttle s widow.
She has the face.
Jill is trying to help Mrs Buttle find out.
What happened  but has become sick of dealing with the bureaucracy.
Unbeknownst  she is now considered a terrorist friend of Tuttle for attempting to report the mistake of Buttle s arrest in Tuttle s place to a bureaucracy.
Would not admit such an error.
She is very cautious and avoids giving Sam full details  worried.
When Sam tries to approach her.
The government will track her down.
Sam comes in contact with the real Tuttle  a renegade air conditioning specialist.
Who once worked but left due to his dislike of paperwork.
Tuttle helps Sam deal.
Who later return to demolish Sam s ducts and seize his apartment.
Sam discovers.
The only way to learn is to get transferred to Information Retrieval  where he would have access to her classified records.
He requests the help vainly addicted to rejuvenating plastic surgery under the care of cosmetic surgeon Dr Jaffe.
She has connections and is able to help her son get the position.
Delighted - having previously turned down similar offers - Ida arranges for Sam s promotion.
Her son has finally shown ambition.
Sam eventually obtains Jill s records and tracks her down  then falsifies her records to make her appear deceased  allowing her to escape the bureaucracy.
She is arrested.
The two share a romantic night together.
They are quickly apprehended.
Charged  Sam is restrained to a chair in a large  empty cylindrical room  to be tortured by his old friend  Jack Lint  and had previously renounced their friendship in favour of loyalty to the Ministry.
Who is wearing a mask seen earlier.
Sam also learns.
Jill had been killed resisting arrest.
However   Tuttle and other members break into the Ministry.
Jack manages to begin the torture.
The resistance shoots Jack  rescues Sam  and blows.
They flee.
Sam and Tuttle run off together.
Tuttle disappears from the destroyed Ministry.
Sam runs.
Who died.
Finding his mother now looking and fawned over by a flock of juvenile admirers  Sam falls into the open casket  falling through an empty black void.
He lands from his daydreams.
Attempts escape up a pile.
He finds a door and  passing through it  is surprised to find himself in a trailer driven by Jill.
The two drive away together.
However  this happy ending is all a product  Sam is still strapped to the chair and observed by Jack and Deputy Minister Mr Helpmann.
Who is portrayed.
Realising  and humming Brazil  the two declare Sam a lost cause  and exit the room.
Sam has grown catatonic.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Oceanographer Emma MacNeil is studying the migration patterns of whales aboard an experimental submarine.
She took from her employer.
Meanwhile  a military helicopter drops experimental sonar transmitters  causing a pod of whales to go out of control and start ramming a nearby glacier.
The helicopter crashes into the glacier.
The combined damage breaks the glacier open  thawing two hibernating  prehistoric creatures.
MacNeil narrowly avoids.
Destruction as  unknown  a giant shark and octopus are freed.
Some time later  a drilling platform is attacked by the octopus.
Has tentacles large enough to wrap around the entire structure.
MacNeil investigates the corpse of a beached whale covered with bloody wounds.
Her employer Dick Richie believes them to be.
MacNeil insists.
They appear to be.
Later  she extracts.
What appears to be a shark s tooth.
Elsewhere  the huge shark leaps tens of thousands into the air from the ocean and attacks a commercial aircraft  forcing it to crash into the water.
A review board convenes and fires MacNeil.
She brings the shark tooth.
S.
Navy pilot Lamar Sanders   an enormous species believed to have become extinct.
Who believes it belonged.
5 million years ago.
The duo is visited.
What attacked the drilling platform.
The four review.
A videotape recorded  finding images of both the megalodon and a gigantic octopus.
MacNeil reflects  and wonders.
The creatures are mankind s comeuppance.
Meanwhile.
S.
Naval destroyer engages the megalodon  but is destroyed.
Its guns fail to destroy the shark.
MacNeil  Sanders  and Shimada are arrested and taken to government official Allan Baxter  a rude and racist man.
Who demands their help.
The four agree to help  for the government trying to capture the creatures for study rather than destroy them.
MacNeil and Shimada become attracted.
Working to develop a method for luring the creatures.
The incident makes.
Them realize they can attract the creatures using chemicals.
MacNeil and Sanders agree to place a trap in San Francisco Bay.
Shimada returns to attract the octopus.
MacNeil and Sanders barely escape the shark.
The plan fails  however.
When the shark destroys another destroyer sent.
The shark then resurfaces and bites off a large portion  killing thousands of civilians.
Later  Shimada contacts the Americans and says the Japanese trap.
Has escaped.
Baxter suggests using nuclear weapons.
MacNeil  Sanders  and Shimada strongly oppose due.
MacNeil suggests using the same pheromone traps to create a Thrilla in Manila by drawing the two creatures together.
She believes.
Because the two creatures were frozen  they must be natural rivals and their aggressiveness towards one another will cause them to fight to the death if they re lured together.
MacNeil  Sanders  and Baxter are assigned to find the shark and lure it to the North Pacific Ocean.
The submarine brings both the shark and the octopus to an ice trench off the Alaskan coast.
Where MacNeil first encountered the creatures.
Sanders loses his nerve and pulls a gun.
Himself ends up piloting the sub.
He is overtaken.
The octopus and shark begin to fight  but they separate.
The shark attacks the submarine  dragging it.
MacNeil  Sanders  and Baxter man a rowing boat and detach.
As the shark bites the larger submarine  killing the rest of the crew.
The shark nearly destroys the rowing boat.
They are saved.
When a Japanese sub manned at it.
The octopus entangles the Japanese submarine and nearly destroys it.
The sub is released.
The octopus is attacked.
The two creatures engage  at the end of  causing it to bleed to death.
The octopus strangles the shark dismembers some of its tentacles.
The two sink  dead  still locked.
McNeil and the others   discover.
Shimada and his sub survived the octopus attack.
The film ends deciding to visit the North Sea after receiving infrared images of mysterious organic life there.
<EOS>
The residents rely on the railway branch line to commute to work and transport their produce to market.
So they are shocked.
When the government announces that the line is to be closed.
Particularly hard hit enthusiast Rev.
Is the local vicar  railway.
Sam Weech  he comes up.
He and the local squire  Gordon Chesterford  persuade wealthy Walter Valentine to provide the financial backing.
They can legally operate a bar while the train is running.
The branch line supporters are bitterly opposed  but  despite the fears of town clerk George Blakeworth  the supporters persuade the Ministry of Transport to grant them a month s trial period with an inspection at the end.
Dan Taylor  a retired railway worker  knows and joins the venture.
To run an engine.
Crump and Pearce try to block a crossing  first with their lorry and then with a passing steam roller operated by Harry Hawkins.
The steam locomotive is too powerful and pushes them.
The next day  Crump and Pearce persuade an irate Hawkins to shoot holes.
The passengers form a bucket brigade and refill the engine.
Defeated  Crump proposes a merger  but is turned down.
The night  Hawkins  Crump and Pearce use the steamroller to tow the unguarded engine and coach down the gradient.
It runs off the track.
Where the three men have removed a rail.
Blakeworth is mistakenly blamed and arrested.
Taylor and Valentine get drunk together and decide to borrow an engine  but end up driving the engine along the main street of Mallingford and finally running the locomotive into a large oak tree.
They are arrested.
Weech decides to get the antique from the museum.
They persuade the mayor to support them.
They also commandeer Dan Taylor s home  an old railway carriage body.
Is hastily strapped.
Weech is left without a.
Fortunately  the vicar s friend and fellow railway devotee  Ollie Matthews  the Bishop  is visiting and  nothing loathe  is hurriedly drafted in to assist.
Meanwhile  Pierce and Crump see Thunderbolt and  distracted  run their bus into a police lorry and are also arrested.
Weech and Chesterford also have to improvise a means.
The coupling method had greatly changed.
The village craftsman uses a length  but warns Chesterford to be careful.
The police demand to be carried with their four prisoners.
They are about to start their run.
The Ministry inspector refuses to adjust the starting time.
The rope snaps.
Thunderbolt leaves the carriages behind.
However  several villagers turn out and manage to quietly push the carriages to meet up again  with the inspector none the wiser.
Joan Hampton has to promise to marry Hawkins to get him to lend them the chain to replace the broken rope.
The train pulls nearly ten minutes late.
The villagers worry.
This will prove their downfall.
It turns out.
If they had been just a bit faster  they would have exceeded the speed limit.
Instead  the line passes inspection  clearing the way to be granted.
<EOS>
Germany  a battle weary GI and his unit stand ready to defend the small town  a key position to win the war.
The seasoned infantry and tank units move silently into position on the snow covered hills around Nennig.
Outgunned and outnumbered  Sgt Don Smith struggles to find hope and courage in one of the decisive confrontations in the Battle of the Bulge during WWII.
His squad of the 94th Infantry Division lay.
Dug. 
No one believed.
German forces would attack.
The pre-dawn attack comes  down Sgt.
Smith is left.
To make his way and warn of the coming attack.
Everyman s War explores the heroic events of this decorated veteran s courage and the struggle between duty and desire.
Waits. 
The loss can be worse than the loss of life.
<EOS>
Rick is a young American.
Who suffers.
His father takes him to a village.
Where they meet a healer  who is supposed to save him.
But the treatment does not work.
Rick decides to forget and enjoy life feeling the sun on his skin for the first time.
He has left.
A young American actress enters his life.
<EOS>
Set  the story focuses on an apolitical Irish district nurse  Pauline.
She is forcibly evacuated from her village by the Germans and their collaborators and witnesses an attack on the German forces by a group of British partisans.
Which a number are killed in the crossfire.
The attack later influences her views and decisions.
She is evacuated.
Where she reluctantly becomes a collaborator  joining the medical wing.
Pauline begins to show the effects in her behaviour.
At first reluctant and intent.
It is a reunion.
Gives Pauline pause.
She reluctantly agrees to help.
When she subsequently discovers they are harbouring an injured partisan.
Gradually Pauline learns more.
She sees her friends arrested.
The discovery leads to her demotion and transfer to another part of the country.
She welcomes the move.
Her new job appears to have less.
However Pauline discovers.
She has unwittingly taken part and killed a group of foreign forced labourers who had contracted tuberculosis.
The film ends.
She is captured and agrees to work.
She can be put.
They try to liberate Great Britain.
Pauline tends wounded.
A large group of soldiers from the Black Prince Regiment of the British Legion Compare British Free Corps - the only actual nominally British unit that fought for the axis in WWII of the Waffen SS who had surrendered are shot.
This is reminiscent earlier in the film showing the partisans to be as ruthless as the Germans.
<EOS>
This is the tale.
Whose life is filled.
Mouchette lives.
Where she takes care and does all the housework.
The film opens  Mathieu  watching a poacher  Arsene.
He sets his snares.
Mouchette is first introduced  in bedraggled clothes and oversized clogs   first for refusing to sing  and then for singing.
Where she is mocked and chastised by her teacher.
To correct this  her teacher grabs her  orienting Mouchette s ear toward the piano keys.
She strikes the correct note several times.
Later   Mouchette goes to the fair and rides on the bumper cars.
She meets a young man.
Who bumps his car several times.
She bumps.
Mouchette seems to overlook them  and even likes the young man.
Afterwards her father abruptly intervenes  slapping her.
She can speak.
She gets lost  and must seek shelter in a nearby house.
Walking home.
When a fierce rainstorm falls.
The owner  Arsene  an alcoholic epileptic  fears.
He has killed a man  and attempts to use Mouchette as an alibi to disabuse him of the blame.
Arsene rapes her.
She agrees to repeat the story he gives her.
She runs.
Later   she tries to offer the agreed upon story  having to state reluctantly.
When confronted.
She was through the night because they were lovers.
Returning home and finding her mother s condition worsening  she attempts to assuage her fears.
She is brought.
When her mother eventually succumbs.
Who gives her several dresses as well as a shroud to cover her mother.
She goes  covers herself in the shroud  rolls herself downhill into the water  and drowns.
She leaves  overwhelmed that has befallen her.
<EOS>
Close  opium are being smuggled to China  Officer Lin Zexu and Master/Doctor Wong Fei Hung join forces against opium smugglers.
Meanwhile So Chan  aka Beggar So  a man famous for stealing food for his poor foster-father and friends.
He lives.
Comes a teacher from Britain named Yi Teh  a niece of the Prince Twelve.
Who is a friend.
So fought the Fire Lotus Gang and defeated them causing an explosion.
Which many citizens get hurt.
Master Wong demands an apology.
Later  Prince Twelve offers So some opium and So gets addicted.
Meanwhile  he goes and learns Drunken Boxing and then his foster-father was killed by the Fire Lotus Gang.
Turns out to be and So feels betrayed.
He goes home  joins forces and seek revenge.
Comes. 
So s girlfriend.
Lin Zexu and Wong Fei Hung watches.
The opium gets burned.
<EOS>
The subtle connections will intertwine in this tale of small town life.
Tommy Carson works.
Donny   makes this even more difficult.
Who is.
Rhett Ryan discovers.
The desire to follow his dream conflicts.
She comes to realize.
Samantha does love the.
Their future may not be.
What s best.
Les just wants to fit in.
His overbearing mother desperately wants him to stand out.
<EOS>
Spoofing the classic Beau Geste and a number  the film s plotline revolves around the heroic Beau Geste and his brother Digby s misadventures in the French Foreign legion out in the Sahara Desert  and the disappearance of the family sapphire  sought after by their money-hungry stepmother.
The cast features Ann-Margret  Peter Ustinov as the brutal Sergeant Markov and Sinead Cusack as sister Isabel Geste  with Spike Milligan  Burt Kwouk  James Earl Jones  Avery Schreiber  Terry-Thomas  Trevor Howard  Henry Gibson  Roy Kinnear and Ed McMahon in supporting roles.
The film was shot at Kilmainham Gaol in Dublin and Adare Manor near Limerick.
<EOS>
Pierre Bear runs a bowling ball factory.
Pierre mistakenly chops down Woody s treehouse and converts.
Woody decides to still reside in it  and goes about trying to outwit the bear.
Pierre uses a water hose  air pump  deep freeze and even hocus-pocus to evict the tree s tenant.
All are knotted bowler s fingers.
He gets.
<EOS>
Kitano plays a hapless film director  while suffering failure after failure.
He tries out different genres.
<EOS>
Saeta rubia was a biography.
He travelled to Madrid to try to win fame and fortune as a football player.
<EOS>
8994 The story is told.
Werner.
Who has been assigned on the German submarine U-96 in October.
He meets its captain  chief engineer  and the crew.
Thomsen  another captain  gives a crude drunken speech to celebrate his Ritterkreuz award.
Which he openly mocks Winston Churchill and implicitly Adolf Hitler.
The next morning  they sail out.
Werner is given a tour.
He observes ideological differences between the new crew members and the hardened veterans  particularly the captain.
Who is embittered and cynical.
The new men   are often mocked by the rest of the crew.
Who share a tight bond.
The crew is excited by another U-boat s spotting of an enemy convoy.
They soon locate a British destroyer  but are bombarded.
They narrowly escape.
The next three weeks are spent enduring a relentless storm.
Morale drops.
What seems.
The crew is cheered temporarily.
The boat encounters a British convoy and quickly launches four torpedoes  sinking two ships.
After the storm ends.
However  they are spotted and have to dive below the submarine s rated limit.
The chief mechanic  Johann  panics and has to be restrained.
The boat sustains heavy damage  but is eventually able to safely surface.
An enemy tanker remains afloat and  so they torpedo the ship  only to realize  they watch in horror as the sailors  some on fire  leap overboard and swim towards them.
There are still sailors aboard.
The captain gives the command to back the ship away.
The worn-out U-boat crew looks forward.
The ship is ordered.
Means passing.
The U-boat makes a secret night rendezvous  in neutral Spain  with the SS Weser  an interned German merchant ship.
Clandestinely provides.
The filthy officers seem out  but are warmly greeted by enthusiastic officers eager to hear their exploits.
The captain learns.
His request and the chief engineer to be sent back to Germany has been denied.
The crew finishes resupplying and departs.
They are suddenly attacked  wounding the navigator.
They carefully approach Gibraltar and are just about.
The captain orders the boat.
British ships begin closing in.
She is forced  it is later implied.
The ships used HF/DF to locate the sub.
The boat does not respond and continues to sink.
When attempting to level off.
It lands on a sea shelf  at the staggering depth of 280 metres.
The crew works desperately to make numerous repairs.
They are miraculously able to surface by blowing out their ballast of water  and limp back to La Rochelle under the cover of darkness.
The crew is pale and weary.
Shortly  Allied planes bomb and strafe the facilities  wounding or killing most.
The wounded navigator is taken ashore.
Ullmann  Johann and the 2nd Watch Officer are killed.
Frenssen  Bootsmann Lamprecht and Hinrich are badly wounded.
Werner leaves the U-boat bunker and finds the captain  with multiple bullet wounds and bleeding from the mouth  watching the U-boat sink at the dock.
Which he had taken shelter.
The captain collapses.
The boat disappears.
Werner runs  recoils  and quickly glances around at the destruction  his face frozen with horror.
<EOS>
Mary Griffith is a devout Christian.
Who raises her children.
However   life changes learns about his secret.
When her son Bobby confides that he may be gay.
Bobby s father and siblings slowly come.
Mary believes.
God can cure him.
She takes him and persuades Bobby to pray harder and seek solace in Church activities in hopes of changing him.
Desperate  Bobby does.
What is asked  but through it all  the Church s disapproval of homosexuality and his mother s attempts to suppress his growing behaviors in public causes him to grow increasingly withdrawn and depressed.
Stricken  Bobby moves away with his cousin  hoping.
Some day  his mother will accept him.
He moves  giving up on his hopes of defeating homosexuality.
He finds a boyfriend  David.
However  Mary makes it clear.
She still does not want her son to continue as he is.
Who assure them that things will change.
Finally  Bobby s subsequent depression and self-loathing intensifies.
He blames himself.
One night  he free falls off a freeway bridge.
Kills him instantly.
The family receives the horrible news the following day  and is devastated.
Faced  Mary begins to question herself and her Church s interpretation of the Scripture.
Mary slowly reaches out to the gay community and discovers unexpected support from a very unlikely source.
She becomes acquainted.
Who convinces her to attend a meeting of Lesbians and Gays.
It is there.
She realizes that she knew Bobby was different and that his true value was in his heart.
She becomes an advocate and eventually gives a speech in a town council meeting in support of a local gay day.
She urges people to think  voice  or support homophobia.
They say.
A child is listening.
The measure is rejected.
She and her family travel and walk in a gay pride parade.
Which she sees another young man.
She walks over.
Hugs him  finally coming and vowing to work hard for the rights of gays and lesbians.
<EOS>
Michael Sullivan  Sr.
Is an enforcer  during the Great Depression.
Rooney raised the orphan Sullivan and loves him.
Connor snaps and kills disgruntled associate Finn McGovern.
When meeting him  resulting in Sullivan gunning down McGovern s men.
Sullivan s twelve-year-old son Michael Sullivan Jr.
Had hidden.
The nervous Connor suspects witnesses and acts.
He murders Sullivan s wife Annie and younger son Peter  mistaking him  while sending Sullivan to an ambush at a speakeasy.
However Sullivan escapes.
Who is.
Sullivan is rejected.
When asking Capone s associate Frank Nitti and Rooney is aware.
He reluctantly allows Nitti to dispatch crime scene photographer and assassin Harlen Maguire   to kill Sullivan.
Who likes to photograph his victims.
Maguire tracks him and Michael  but fails to kill Sullivan  before escaping.
Who realizes and cripples Maguire s car tire.
Sullivan begins robbing banks and Rooney s laundered money  hoping to trade it for Connor.
Hold Capone.
Teaching Michael to drive.
He is impeded  so he visits Rooney s accountant Alexander Rance.
When the account money is withdrawn.
However  it is a set up  but Michael warns his father.
Rance stalls him until Maguire enters.
Rance is killed.
Maguire is injured.
When a bullet shatters glass and Sullivan escapes with ledgers.
Maguire shoots him.
He flees.
Michael drives his father.
Where a childless elderly couple helps Sullivan to recover.
Sullivan bonds and discovers from the ledgers.
Connor has been embezzling  using the names of dead gang members.
They give the couple much of the stolen money.
Sullivan then confronts Rooney.
He attends Mass.
He refuses to be the one to give up his son.
Rooney already knew and that it must end with Connor s death.
One night  cloaked   Rooney mutters.
Sullivan dispatches Rooney s entire entourage and as he walks up to Rooney himself.
He is glad it is Sullivan  while an emotional Sullivan pulls the trigger  killing him.
Seeing no further reason to protect Connor  Nitti reveals his location  making.
Him promise that this will end.
Sullivan goes and kills him.
Where Connor is hiding.
Sullivan then drives Michael to stay in Perdition  a town on the shore of Lake Michigan.
However he is ambushed and shot.
Michael appears and points a gun but can not bring himself to fire.
Maguire prepares to photograph the dying Sullivan.
Sullivan then draws a gun and kills Maguire.
Mourning his father s death  Michael finds his way back to live with them.
He states growing up  He was my father.
His father s only fear was his son would be  and that if asked whether Sullivan was a good man  he would simply reply.
<EOS>
The film is.
Who live.
Katherine works and wants to leave.
There s too much work.
Hester  however  becomes attracted and holds her there  promising to give her less work in the future.
Hester decides to sell the farm.
When Francis dies.
They move to go to Europe.
But a tragic accident and the theft change their plans.
<EOS>
Unscrupulous  ambitious partners Jim Fisk and Nick Boyd talk tight-fisted businessman Daniel Drew into selling them his shipping company  paying with worthless Confederate bonds.
Later  worried  Drew seeks help  only to have him turn the situation to his own advantage.
His longtime rival  Cornelius Vanderbilt  is trying to take control.
Fisk and Boyd eventually become powers to be reckoned.
Meanwhile  both men fall with entertainer Josie Mansfield.
Mansfield agrees to marry Fisk out  but really loves Boyd.
Fisk s greed grows.
He tries to corner the market.
When Fisk ignores Boyd s warnings.
Boyd turns  worried.
The resulting panic threatens the financial system.
The federal government finally intervenes.
<EOS>
The story begins.
Ha Dong  northern Vietnam  amidst the crumbling of French colonial rule in Vietnam.
Dan and Gu are lovers as well as servants.
Who suffer.
Dan and Gu flee south  eventually ending up.
When Gu s master is assassinated.
Once there  they raise a family.
The family loves and supports each other.
Poverty stricken.
The horrors threaten to tear them apart.
The story emphasizes the importance.
Gu had given as a wedding gift before they had fled south  with promises of a proper marriage someday in the future.
Dan must sacrifice this one valued possession to support her family and provide for her daughters the ao dai required to attend school.
The film is ultimately a tribute.
Symbolized. 
<EOS>
The story revolves.
Will succeed their father as ruler of Hell.
Adrian is the most devious  Cassius is the cruelest.
Nicky is their father s favourite.
Adrian and Cassius claim and torment him.
Nicky s mother is a goat.
Nicky has had a speech impediment and a disfigured jaw.
Cassius hit him when he was a child.
Having been the Prince for ten thousand years  Satan assembles his sons to decide.
Will succeed him.
Instead he keeps the throne.
Angered  Adrian and Cassius go to Earth to create a new Hell by possessing religious and political leaders in New York City.
They freeze the entrance  preventing more souls from entering and causing Satan s body to begin decomposing.
They leave.
To stop Adrian and Cassius  Satan sends Nicky.
Traps whoever drinks inside.
Nicky has trouble staying alive on Earth.
He is killed several times  landing and returning to New York each time.
He meets a talking bulldog named Mr Beefy  rents an apartment and falls in love with a design student named Valerie.
Learning how to eat and sleep.
Nicky s first encounter occurs.
When Adrian sees him  takes mental control of his body and makes him scare her away.
Then Nicky sees Cassius  possessing the referee of a Harlem Globetrotters game.
Satanist metalheads.
When he goes into the flask.
John and Peter are so thrilled that they become his devoted fans.
That evening  Nicky tries to apologize.
The meeting goes badly at first.
She accepts him.
He explains who he is and why he is.
The next day  Adrian possesses the Chief and accuses Nicky of mass murder using an edited scene from Scarface.
Not knowing  Nicky has Todd kill him and ask his father  but his father has trouble hearing.
What to do.
He can go back.
His assistants are.
The midnight deadline to capture Adrian and Cassius is only hours away.
Back  Nicky and his friends devise a plan to capture Adrian in a subway station.
Adrian discovers their trick.
Adrian grabs Valerie and dives onto the track as a train approaches.
Nicky throws her out  leaving himself and Adrian to be killed by the train.
Arriving  Adrian begins the process of taking over Hell by pushing and sitting on the throne  rising to Central Park and starting a riotous party.
What remains aside.
Meanwhile  Nicky wakes up as a reward for sacrificing himself and meets his mother  an angel can defeat Adrian with the Inner Light.
Who tells him he.
He inherited.
He goes.
She gives him a mysterious orb.
Adrian appears to win a pitched battle.
Nicky escapes.
Ozzy Osbourne appears  bites Adrian s head off and spits it.
When he shatters the orb.
Nicky is ready to save his father.
He and Valerie express their love.
He sins to make sure he goes.
She kills him.
Satan regains his body and recommends.
Nicky go back.
The film ends a year later.
When Nicky and Valerie live.
It is mentioned and are now living.
John and Peter have died.
<EOS>
Yuko Moriguchi  a junior high teacher and single mother  announces.
She will resign.
She reveals.
Her daughter  Manami  was killed.
Her disclosure soon reveals their identities.
She recognizes.
They will escape punishment.
Instead  she admits.
The murderers have just drank.
The rest describes the aftermath of this event in a series of first-person narratives from the two students  Moriguchi  and others.
An enthusiastic new teacher is appointed  unaware.
Student A  Shuya Watanabe  continues to attend school.
Student B  Naoki Shimomura  has developed psychiatric problems.
It is revealed  instead she drowned.
Shuya  who planned the murder  did not actually kill Manami.
Naoki threw her.
Naoki is worried.
He will soon die and refuses to clean himself.
He equated the smell to being alive.
His mother tries to help but fails.
Naoki reacts violently and shuts himself in his room.
It is revealed later.
Naoki killed Manami  as a gesture to validate himself in the eyes of Shuya  whom he considered his only friend.
His mother eventually realizes.
Her once good and kind son has transformed.
Seeing no hope  she decides to end both their lives  but she is killed.
Naoki is arrested.
Shuya describes.
His mother abused and finally abandoned him when he was young  because she was unhappy  and chose instead to pursue her scientific ambitions.
He wants to prove himself and to earn her attention.
Evolved to gruesome recordings of him killing and dissecting animals.
His first public invention  an electric anti-mugger wallet  earns him a science fair award but fails to make the headlines.
Occurs. 
He decides to kill someone.
That he can become front page news  which led with Moriguchi s daughter Manami.
Shuya befriends Mizuki Kitahara.
When they are forced by the rest of the class  as part of their escalating bullying tactics against him.
Mizuki discovers.
Moriguchi had lied  realizing that it was an implausible method of transmission to begin with and that someone so concerned with the value of life would not do such a thing in the first place.
Mizuki begins to develop feelings  revealing to him a side of herself.
She d never shown  namely  that she identifies with the teenage girl who poisoned her parents in the Lunacy murder as her other self.
Shuya starts a relationship to distract him from his own problems.
Shuya angrily claims.
When Mizuki eventually confronts him.
She is afraid  killing her and hiding the body in a refrigerator.
Shuya goes to visit his mother but discovers  and believing she has forgotten him  he plants a bomb.
She has remarried.
Where he is due to read an award-winning essay entitled Life.
However  the bomb does not go off and is revealed to be missing  he then receives a call.
She had moved the bomb to his mother s office  making it so that he kills her instead.
Moriguchi appears  and tells Shuya  humiliated and overcome.
This was her revenge  and that his redemption now begins.
She then adds just kidding  referencing.
What Shuya told her when he confessed that he killed her daughter.
<EOS>
Injakkadan Mathai owns.
A textile shop called Injakkadan Mathai & Sons Roy and Thankachan.
Their main rival is the Chungathara clan.
Who also own a textile shop.
Thankachan marries Beena.
Who was the daughter.
Roy falls with Shirley  Beena s sister.
However they learn.
Chungathara Chackochen had killed Thomachen.
Inchakkadan Mathai was kidnapped and gets saved by his two sons.
<EOS>
Eduardo  a well manager in his forties  is a sophisticated closeted homosexual.
He keeps his sexual life a secret.
He uses his social and economic position to win.
Eduardo meets Miguel  an attractive young man from a humble background and falls in love with him.
Then Eduardo starts his usual plan.
Who lives.
Raul and Eduardo had a relationship.
Raul is still secretly.
Eduardo takes Miguel to his apartment every afternoon.
To gain his friendship Eduardo buys him a motorcycle.
Miguel  however is heterosexual.
He has a steady girlfriend  Carmen.
He is also entangled.
Who he visits.
Miguel rejects him.
When Eduardo tells his felling.
Eduardo returns  cinemas  parks and public toilets.
He rejects the offer to be involved in the emerging gay movement.
Then Eduardo s aged mother becomes terminally ill.
She confesses.
She had known he was gay since he was a teenager.
She urges him not to be alone.
Eduardo meets Nes again.
Nes and members go to Eduardo s apartment rob him and beat him him.
He worries and beats Nes in revenge.
When Miguel finds out what had happened.
Eduardo and Miguel resume their friendship  this time without they accept each other.
Eduardo respects.
Miguel is straight.
Miguel introduces his girlfriend Carmen.
The trio establish a close relationship.
The company of the young couple fills the void of a family life and loneliness.
The close friendship and the couple formed by Miguel and Carmen is abruptly truncated by Rosa s reappearance.
Rosa  angry  begin to spread the rumors.
She was jilted.
He is gay.
She talks.
He forbids his daughter to see Miguel again.
Miguel becomes very upset  blaming his closeness to Eduardo for it.
Hurt and enraged  Miguel goes.
Where Eduardo works and makes a terrible scene  shouting  insulting  and reveling Eduardo s homosexuality.
Eduardo is alone in his apartment and hears the rings of the doorbell.
He looks up with joy.
The film ends.
When the door is ajar.
<EOS>
Susanna is a pushy but seductive rock and roll icon married.
Unnerved and drawn to other lovers  the couple eventually divorces.
Maisie  their only child  is caught all  a flesh-and-blood bargaining tool.
Who winds up being shuttled back and forth as they each attempt to start their lives afresh with new partners.
Quietly precocious and a keen observer  Maisie begins to understand.
Essentially selfish  irresponsible and damaged her parents really are.
Their new relationships disintegrate as well.
Maisie is forced to consider.
Whether or not she should try to construct a whole new family altogether.
<EOS>
Set  Gridlock d centers around heroin addicts Spoon  Stretch and Cookie.
They are all together in the spoken word genre.
They go Mile Road  with Cookie on the vocals  Spoon on the bass guitar  and Stretch on the piano.
Spoon and Stretch decide to kick their habit.
The two addicts dodge police and local criminals while struggling with an apathetic government bureaucracy.
Thwarts their entrance.
<EOS>
Pearl is.
Who rises to silent-screen stardom.
The major plot line is the romantic relationship  the film career is a secondary plot line.
She has boss of the vaudevile troop she joins.
The film is highly anachronistic generally performing in swing style.
The action takes places.
<EOS>
Brake follows.
A Secret Service agent kidnapped and held captive  enduring mental and physical torture as terrorists attempt to extract needed information for their sinister plot.
<EOS>
The film is narrated by Jake Briggs  a young aspiring playwright  culminating in the production of one of his plays off-Broadway by agent Carl Fisher.
The play is a flop  at least.
The lead parts are given.
Who are not right.
Jake reviews his relationships with girlfriend Joanne  best friend Chris  his mother Shirley  and his mostly absentee father Roman.
The film ends going their separate ways  mostly because of competing career goals  and Jake hoping to write more plays with greater success.
<EOS>
On a highway in Los Angeles  three black modified 1995 Honda Civic EG follow a semi-trailer truck.
One breaks a windshield with a crossbow  and grappels himself to the seat.
He subdues the driver and the Civics commandeer the truck  managing to steal over $ 6 million.
Were. 
LAPD officer Brian OConner is sent undercover to infiltrate the local L.
A illegal street racing scene hijackers.
He could find and apprehend the truck.
Brian uses his cover job  to make connections and infiltrate the local street racing scene.
One night   he enters his modified 1995 Mitsubishi Eclipse  asking for cash and respect.
2G RS 420A bartering the pink slips  due that he does nt have enough money to bet in the race.
He wins the race.
Brian  due  activates too much nitrous oxide  pressurising the Eclipse s engine  frying it  resulting in the car automatically braking and spinning out to prevent overheating  with Brian also losing the race to Dominic.
Who drives a modified 1993 Mazda.
Gathered racers and viewers.
Dominic mocks him.
Suddenly  LAPD arrives.
Dominic arrives and ditches his car to prevent being caught.
A squad car recognizes him.
He runs.
They escape the patrol  and thus wins Dominic s respect.
Dominic and Brian accidentally venture  encountering Dominic s rival  Johnny Tran along with his cousin Lance Nguyen and his gang.
They flee.
Tran warns Dominic to stay away.
A massive street racing event held  before departing the scene.
He will smoke him.
The duo tries to leave.
Johnny returns.
Who open fire  rupturing a nitrous tank and destroying the Eclipse in the resulting explosion.
Brian and Dominic leave Little Saigon and hail a cab.
Later on  Dom invites Brian.
Where he encounters.
Brian also meets Letty  Dom s longtime girlfriend  and the rest of the Dom s crew  Leon  an expert mechanic and also Dom s old friend  and Jesse  a geek specialized in electronics.
The next day  Brian delivers a totaled 1994 Toyota Supra and offers his talents as a driver to repay the debt incurred from losing the race.
Brian begins dating Mia.
Dom and the rest goes to work restoring the Supra.
Dominic also invites Brian  showing him a 1970 Dodge Charger.
He built.
Dom tells him.
His dad was a stock car driver.
One day  his father was forced by another racer.
The accident resulted  killing Dom s father.
He met the driver a week later and beat him up.
This caused Dom to have a record.
He was forbidden to return.
Dom explains  I live my life a quarter-mile at a time  For those 10 seconds or less  I m free.
One night  Brian is checking  hoping to find the Civics.
He is knocked out.
As he was leaving.
He is dragged.
Who asks Brian to reason himself.
Brian lies saying  Hector  the man  ordered three modified engines  leaving him in a suspicion.
Who organized the race the other night.
He is planning something big  probably.
Dom takes him.
Where they raid another garage.
They discover.
There is no engines  but Brian notices shipment of electronics in the garage.
They hide.
Tran and Lance arrive  torturing the mechanic to give him the engines they requested.
They manage to escape.
This convinces Brian  and lets.
Tran s crew is.
Sergeant Tanner and FBI special agent Bilkins know.
The SWAT team  along  raids Tran s house and arrests him.
His cousin Lance  but it is shown up.
The electronics are legally bought  and that the only charges is minor parking tickets and un-paid speeding fines  forcing them to set them free as their ransom is paid.
Bilkins and Tanner  Brian s superiors  return.
Dominic and his crew are the perpetrators.
Tanner warns Brian not to let his feelings and lead him too far from the case.
Dominic cloud his judgment.
Bilkins  angered  gives Brian only 36 hours to break the case or he will be sacked from the job and lose his entire career.
Meanwhile   Brian asks Dominic regarding his income  citing.
The Supra now fully prepped.
The shop alone would nt pay for all his racing expenditures  and that he wants to be.
Instead  Dominic gives Brian an invitation  and informs him they ll talk.
Brian has proven his worth.
Jesse  wanting to impress his dad in jail and Dom  bets his modified 1995 Volkswagen Jetta A3 and Tran bets his modified 1999 Honda.
Jesse loses  panics and flees the track  prompting Tran to confront Dominic and demand.
He retrieve the car.
Dominic refuses.
Tran accuses him  causing him to be humiliated in front of his entire family.
Dominic brutally beats Tran and is pulled off by Vince and two security guards.
That night  Brian notices Dominic and his crew leaving the Race Wars.
Brian realizes and confesses to Mia his status.
Dominic is the hijacker.
She is angry.
He says that everything that he said to her about their relationship is true and convinces her to come with him to save her brother and his friends from the armed truck drivers.
They leave outside L.
A.
To catch up.
Meanwhile  the attempted hijacking goes wrong.
When the truck driver fights back  causing Letty and Vince severe injuries.
Brian tracks their location  and works with Mia to get Vince off the truck.
Brian  realizing  makes the difficult decision to blow his cover by phoning in for a medivac  revealing to Dominic.
Vince is.
He is a police officer.
The revelation enrages Dominic.
He contains himself and flees.
The medivac arrives.
Brian follows Dominic and holds him at gunpoint to prevent him from fleeing.
Dominic explains.
He is going to look before Tran finds him.
Jesse arrives  apologizing at Race Wars and pleading for Dominic s help.
When Dominic points his shotgun.
Moments later  Tran and Lance arrive and perform a drive-by shooting  killing Jesse.
Brian and Dominic chase them  in his Charger.
He forces Lance s motorcycle  severely injuring him.
Brian   manages to shoot and kill Tran.
Afterwards  Brian and Dominic engage  narrowly avoiding a passing train.
Dominic crashes into a semi-truck and rolls his car twice.
Brian pulls  with Dom assuming.
He will be apprehended.
Brian hands over the keys to the Supra and lets him escape  making good on his promise to deliver a ten-second car.
Dom escapes.
Dominic is seen driving through Baja  Mexico  in a 1970 Chevrolet Chevelle SS.
He narrates the words that he explained before he disappears into the sunset.
His last narrations are  I live my life a.
I m free.
<EOS>
The film is.
Who carries a camera everywhere.
He becomes obsessed.
When he sees a frightened man shove a knife.
Wishing to understand the fear  Masuoka descends beneath the city.
The dead man must have felt.
Where he sees human-like creatures that walk and whimper like dogs.
Masuoka encounters a homeless underground inhabitant.
Searching the series.
Who warns him.
He then meets the ghost.
Who killed himself  and learns more.
Masuoka discovers a mountain range with a village built by the underground dwellers.
He finds a naked girl chained.
He takes her back she does nt eat  drink  or speak.
The girl   appears to be something other.
Whom Masuoka dubs ` F.
Masuoka becomes obsessed.
He sets up cameras  and checks.
Enable him to observe her when he leaves the apartment.
He sees her speaking to someone off camera.
A menacing man appears behind him.
A woman is hiding in the stairway outside his door.
When he returns.
He finds F convulsing  and attempts to feed her.
She will not eat.
He discovers  and receives a mysterious phone call.
Twelve seconds is missing.
He is.
Whom he filmed.
He discovers.
F survives when she licks his finger  and cuts himself to feed her further.
He begins to care by providing animal carcasses.
He decides to stop trying to treat F  and to regard her as his pet.
The woman confronts him in the street  saying and asking.
The girl is his daughter Fuyumi.
Where she is.
Masuoka denies.
The girl is missing.
He wanders the streets searching and encounters the man in black.
Who expresses his disappointment.
He finds.
When Masuoka gets back.
F has returned  and sees her hands are bloody.
The woman follows Masuoka  demanding.
When he leaves his apartment.
He speak.
He walks without speaking  and turns his camera on.
The woman says.
She wants to see her girl  at which point Masuoka stabs her  killing the woman.
Later  he kills a young girl.
Whom he met.
He drains the women s  blood and feeds it to F.
Masuoka calls the pay phone and speaks.
Who agrees that Masuoka is taking care better now.
Masuoka sees a woman.
Filming at the scene of the second murder.
He filmed previously.
Who he described as paranoid.
He takes F out  and leaves her in a karaoke room to travel on his own for a period.
Sitting  Masuoka discusses his interest in terror with Kuroki.
Masuoka becomes homeless and sleeps.
Where he killed the young girl.
He briefly admits.
He murdered his wife and a stranger and treated his daughter  before seeing a pair of Deros and finding a cell phone that leads him back to his apartment to find F.
His wife s ghost appears.
He enters the apartment to find F weak.
She speaks for the first time.
He cuts his mouth.
F leads Masuoka back down into the underworld  and films him.
It appears he has finally discovered the same fear that initially intrigued him.
<EOS>
The film has a straightforward chronology.
It begins.
Several lamas disguised as servants discover a promising candidate  a child born to a farming family in the province of Amdo  near the Chinese border.
These and other lamas administer a test.
Which he must select the ones that belonged to the previous Dalai Lama.
The child passes the test  he and his family are brought.
Where he will be installed.
The child becomes homesick and frightened  but is comforted by Reting .
Who tells him the story.
Whom the lamas called Kundun.
The boy matures.
The film progresses.
Which Reting is imprisoned and dies.
Meanwhile  the Chinese Communists  recently victorious  are proclaiming Tibet a traditional part of Imperial China  and express their desire to reincorporate it with the newly formed People s Republic of China.
Eventually   Chinese Communist forces invade Tibet.
The Chinese are initially helpful.
The Chinese become oppressive.
When the Tibetans resist Communist reorganization and reeducation.
The Dalai Lama resolves to meet with Chairman Mao Zedong in Beijing.
Relations inevitably deteriorate.
Mao initially expresses his sympathies  and insists that changes must be made as the Dalai Lama sees fit.
Mao makes clear his view.
Religion is poison and that the Tibetans are poisoned and inferior.
The Dalai Lama learns of more horrors perpetrated against his people.
Who have repudiated their treaty with China and begun guerrilla action against the Chinese.
The Dalai Lama is convinced to flee to India.
The Chinese make clear their intention to kill him.
The Dalai Lama and his staff put on disguises and slip out of Lhasa under cover of darkness.
Which they are pursued.
The group eventually makes it.
An Indian guard approaches him  salutes  and inquires  May  are you the Lord Buddha.
The Dalai Lama walks.
I ask.
I try to be a good man  you see yourself.
He unpacks his telescope and steps outside.
The Dalai Lama arrives.
Erecting it and removing his spectacles  he gazes toward the Himalayas-and toward Tibet.
The film concludes  The Dalai Lama has not yet returned to Tibet.
He hopes one day to make the journey.
<EOS>
Tom Oakley is a reclusive old man living.
World War II has just started.
He is forced to house an evacuee from London.
Tom does nt want  complaining.
He does nt know.
The evacuee is nine-year-old William Willie Beech  a shy boy  not eating much and being very shy.
Who behaves strangely.
He arrives by steam train with a group of other evacuees.
Tom leaves Will alone.
He goes and complains.
Will goes.
Where he looks  and meets his future schoolteacher  Mrs Hartridge  and her husband  a pilot.
They leave.
He then meets Sammy  a collie.
Who terrifies him.
Will picks up a spade.
Tom stops him  explaining.
He can strike.
Sammy is his dog.
Later  Tom unwittingly scares Will whilst stirring the coals.
Will is scared  and faints.
Tom is going to beat or brand him.
He misbehaves.
Unpacking Will s things  Tom finds a letter  saying that he is a ` sinful  boy  and that she has packed a belt in case.
The next day  Will wakes up to find.
He has wet the bed  as he often did back.
It is revealed.
When Tom tells him to take his wet pyjamas off.
Will has belt marks.
Later  they go.
Where Will meets Zacharias Zach Wrench  a Jewish boy.
Zach is billeted.
Who are Tom s friends.
His dad works.
Tom asks Mrs Fletcher  his neighbour and friend  to talk and help rustle up some clothing for Will.
Who only has one set.
Mrs Fletcher sends her boys round old clothes.
Tom sees the belt marks and realises the extent of William s abuse.
When William changes.
He throws away the belt.
Will s mother sent.
Mrs Fletcher sends her boys round to help.
Will helps out too  but wears a sweater  not only to avoid dirtying his new shirt but to conceal the belt marks.
Afterwards  Tom goes to do volunteer work  showing.
The better side is coming out.
One day  Will plays Tom s small organ.
Belonged. 
However  Tom does nt like anybody touching the instrument.
It brings back bad memories and warns Will not to touch it.
Later that day  they go fishing.
Will brings.
Who he makes friends  including two girls called Ginnie and Carrie.
Not long after  the summer holidays stop.
Will has to go.
He has been dreading.
Though  Will meets Zach there and becomes friendly.
It turns out.
He is put in a lower class  with much younger children.
He is illiterate.
He tells Tom.
When he gets home.
Who  when informed why this has happened  takes it upon himself to teach Will  so that he can be in the class he wants to.
Will is a clever boy.
He learns well and quickly.
Tom is astounded to discover.
Will can draw a near-perfect straight line without a ruler.
Will uncovers his secret talent.
He spends more time.
One morning  Tom is placing flowers.
When suddenly  he meets William  who is.
Tom explains.
His wife Rachel and his son  Will  died while he was away fighting in World War I more than 20 years earlier.
It says.
They both died.
Will explains.
He came to tell how he did not wet the bed that night.
Tom is as delighted and has  by now  become a genuine father-figure to the boy.
Tom surprises him by revealing.
He has organised a surprise party.
Tom  Sammy  Mrs Fletcher  the Littles  Zach  Ginnie  and Carrie are all there.
Tom is persuaded by Mrs Fletcher to play his organ again  and gives.
A splendid performance s a Long Way To Tipperary.
Then   Tom gives Will the best present  a set of watercolours.
When all the guests have given their presents and left.
The next day is promoted to Mrs Hartridge s class to be with the children of his own age.
Overjoyed  he runs to tell Tom the news  only to find another set from the billeting office - for a while to look after her.
His mother is ill and wants him back.
He must go  but is sad to do so.
Promising to write letters  he says farewell the train to London.
He s picked up at the station.
When Will gets.
Who does not seem pleased to see him.
They get   so that no-one will know.
Where his mum tells him to be quiet.
He s there.
He is told.
There is a surprise  a present from Jesus.
It is a baby girl.
Mrs Beech s attitude is revealed as disdainful and waspish.
She smacks him  thinking.
When she hears that the belt has not been brought home.
He deliberately left it behind  and sends him.
The next morning  William is greeted.
But again  Will s mum later loses her temper  thinking.
Will stole the picture he painted.
The watercolours and other presents.
She finds.
Will truthfully tells her.
He got them from his friends  who he tells her about.
She is angry to hear  and demands to know.
Some are girls.
They go.
Will responds.
They do  apart because he is Jewish.
There is nt a synagogue.
Mrs Beech is an anti-semite and.
When he points out that Jesus was a Jew.
Tom thinks.
Will has forgot  until he finds the belt dug in the mud and decides that Will is in danger.
He travels.
Where he meets an ARP Warden who promises to help him find Will.
They get.
Where they meet Mrs Beech s neighbour  who tells them that Mrs Beech has apparently gone  and that Will has been evacuated to the country.
Sammy smells something.
They break down the door and   find Will and the baby.
When inside.
Will lets the baby be held.
Who then passes her.
It is revealed.
The baby is   dead.
Whilst  Will constantly wakes up screaming from a terrible nightmare.
Tom visits  and meets the suspicious Dr Stelton  a psychiatrist is a good idea.
Who wants Will be taken a mental hospital  which Tom does not think.
Will has a haircut.
That the wounds can heal.
Tom  meanwhile  has concocted a plan.
He retrieves Will s belongings and sneaks into the hospital.
When it is less busy that night.
He kidnaps Will and takes him back.
When he is sure that there are no staff about.
Dr Little informs Will.
He will recover fine physically.
However  Will still has nightmares.
Tom reveals the root.
It seems.
The nightmares are.
Will finds.
He does nt have them anymore.
Later  Zach visits.
Mrs Hartridge has had her baby  but that her husband is feared dead.
The baby girl is called Peggy.
The East End of London has been blitzed by the Luftwaffe.
Zach s father has been working there.
Also  Tom and Will soon have some visitors  a policeman  Mrs Ford  Dr Stelton  and Mr Greenway  a stern-looking man.
They are here to inform Will.
His mother is dead  and that they wish to take Will.
Mr Greenway talks in the garden.
Mr Greenway   is baffled.
Who is not very emotional.
Tom wants to keep Will.
Tom explains.
It s because he loves him.
Mr Greenway gives in  to the annoyance of Dr Stelton.
Tom adopts Will officially and legally.
Zach  meanwhile  is packing.
He has to go and see his father.
Who has been injured.
Will is sad but later and not dead.
He finds out that Mrs Hartridge s husband is   a prisoner of war.
This excites everyone.
Then Will turns sad.
When Mrs Little reveals a week later that Zach has been killed.
Will does nt go  loses his appetite  and does nt talk to anyone  not even Tom.
To cheer him up  Tom gives Zach s red bike.
He always used to ride.
But Will is still silent.
Tom takes him back  declaring that when someone dies  they re not really gone as they re still in your memory  just like Rachel and John are to him.
Will understands  and learns to ride Zach s bike.
The film concludes.
Will exclaims  Dad.
I can ride.
<EOS>
A foreign dignitary  Wa-Lee and his partner Chou-Sing are shown.
To pilot the last active Mech.
They later hijack it and use it to threaten the Eastern Alliance.
The only thing standing is Drake  a renegade pilot  and his friend Stumpy.
Who find a humanoid robot long forgotten.
They use the MEGA-1 to combat the MRAS-2 and prevent war.
<EOS>
Tommy Steele lives in their London home.
He works.
He injures his spine doing judo.
He is given a guitar to help with his therapy.
He starts to play to entertain patients and staff.
He works  performing in his spare time  and gets a job playing in a coffee bar.
He is popular and gets a recording contract.
<EOS>
Magazine reporter Jonathan Fisher   promises to write a hard-hitting story on prostitution.
He fabricates a story.
When no one will talk to him.
S so well-received it puts his career back.
But police think.
The story is.
Fast Black  the pimp and police suspect  also thinks  and wants to know.
The story is.
What Jonathan knows  and who told him.
A battle of wits and wills ensues between Jonathan and Fast Black  in addition to Jonathan becoming involved with one of the pimp s call girls.
<EOS>
The film narrates the experience.
She makes no effort to restrain her natural sensuality - lying nude  habitually kicking her shoes off and walking around barefoot  and disregarding many societal restraints and the opinions of others.
These factors cause a stir and attract the attentions around her.
Her first suitor is the much older and wealthy Eric Carradine.
He wants to build a new casino.
His plans are blocked.
He needs.
Antoine  the eldest Tardieu son  returns home.
Juliette is waiting to take her away with him.
His intentions are.
He spurns her.
Tiring  Juliette s guardians threaten to send her back to the orphanage.
To keep her  Carradine pleads with Antoine to marry her.
He laughs off.
His naive younger brother Michel   rises to the challenge and proposes.
She accepts.
The trouble starts.
When Antoine is contracted to return home.
All the men come to realize.
What she means.
<EOS>
The story follows con man Moze Pray and young Addie Loggins  an orphan  beginning.
There is speculation.
Moze once had an affair.
He is Addie s father  which he denies.
Moze is reluctantly persuaded to deliver Addie.
Moze stops at a local grain mill and convinces the brother of the man  into giving him two hundred dollars for the now-orphaned Addie.
Who drove his car  killing Addie s mother.
Addie overhears this conversation and later demands the money.
Moze agrees to travel.
He spent nearly half on car repairs.
He has raised two hundred dollars to give.
Addie soon learns  he visits recently widowed women  pretending.
Moze makes his money.
He is a Bible salesman who recently sold an expensive  personalized Bible.
The widows usually overpay him.
Addie joins  pretending  and exhibits a talent for larceny.
She is his daughter.
Moze and Addie become a formidable team and seem to forget about Addie joining her aunt.
One night  Moze and Addie stop.
Moze becomes enthralled.
Who is accompanied.
She becomes jealous.
Addie becomes friends.
Moze begins to focus more and more on the gold-digging Miss Trixie.
She quickly devises a plan to get rid.
When Addie subsequently discovers that Moze has spent all on a new car to impress Miss Trixie.
Includes giving Imogene enough money to get back home.
An elaborate series s part results in Moze catching Miss Trixie in bed with another man.
Devastated  Moze leaves Miss Trixie and Imogene behind.
Moze is able to find a bootlegger s store of whiskey  steals some of it  and sells it back to the bootlegger.
Unfortunately  the bootlegger s brother is the sheriff.
Who quickly arrests Moze and Addie.
Addie hides their money  steals back the key  and the pair escape  trading their car for a farm truck after Moze beats Leroy in a ` wrasslin  match.
The pair then makes their way.
Where the Kansas law ca nt follow them.
The sheriff finds them  and unable to arrest Moze  he and his cohorts chase  beat and rob him.
Humiliated  Moze drops Addie.
Back  Moze stops to let his overheating truck cool down.
He discovers the photo  sitting in a quarter moon.
She left on the passenger seat.
He glances and sees a small figure running toward the stopped truck.
He contemplates the photo.
It is Addie  she has fled her aunt s house and hopes to rejoin Moze.
Angry  Moze tells Addie.
He does not want her traveling anymore.
She matter-of-factly reminds him.
He still owes her two hundred dollars.
They drive off together.
<EOS>
Agent John Keller goes undercover.
There he gets involved.
Where the prisoners are forced to fight.
The tournament has only one rule  There are no rules.
<EOS>
BloodSpell tells the fictional story  a young Monk of the Church of the Angels  an organisation.
Exists to purify the Blooded  a term.
The story follows Jered.
He joins forces.
<EOS>
The story focuses.
Whose daughter Louise has been raised since she was an infant.
Louise has been led to believe her mother is a society matron named Mrs E.
Worthington Manville.
Who lives.
Annie discovers.
Her charade is.
Are Dave the Dude  a gambling gangster  and his henchman Happy McGuire.
Who believes her apples bring him good luck.
Annie s friends ask Dave to rent her an apartment and   he has a change of heart and arranges in a palatial residence belonging to a friend.
He initially declines.
Her to live.
His girlfriend  nightclub owner Missouri Martin  helps transform Annie to an elegant dowager.
Dave arranges.
Blake to pose.
Annie tearfully reunites with Louise.
When three society reporters become suspicious.
Worthington Manville   they are kidnapped.
Whom they can find no public records.
Their disappearance leads the local newspapers to accuse the police department.
A few days later  Blake - - announces.
He is planning a gala reception.
He enlists Dave s guys and Missouri s dolls to pose.
The police - certain Dave is responsible for the missing reporters - surround Missouri s club.
Where the gang has assembled.
Dave calls Blake to advise him.
Annie decides to confess everything.
But fate - - unexpectedly steps in and allows Annie to maintain her charade and keep Louise from learning the truth.
<EOS>
Set  a nomadic tribe of sun worshippers reach an area.
They decide to settle in.
The monster is killed with a spear.
When Idar and Rhia  a young couple come across a water monster.
The two ask Maciste to join their tribe.
Maciste explains.
He has a destiny to fulfill and must leave.
Soon afterwards a cave dwelling tribe attack the village and carry off the sun worshipper s women.
Maciste returns and enter the moon worshipper s underground city through a river.
There he discovers Moah  and wishes to take Moah.
Whose father and brother who had formerly led the tribe were murdered.
Moah explains.
The moon worshippers will sacrifice the captured women that night.
Maciste is able to eliminate the guards and remove the stone gate to the entrance letting the vengeful sun worshippers in.
The women are freed.
Maciste destroys their path.
They have left and is captured  and later Moah in the earth so the worms may eat their bodies.
They are saved.
Sets them free and kills a large portion.
Seeking revenge  the moon worshippers make a pact to attack the sun worshippers.
The combined forces are defeated.
Moah joins Maciste.
<EOS>
Amar Kumar is an eligible bachelor.
His parents are looking to match him up.
Amar meets Roopa but is more attracted her cousin  Shobha.
The girl is treated.
Roopa beats Shobha.
When Amar s feelings become public.
Frightened  she keeps away.
The man travels abroad  again Shobha is beaten.
She escapes and is taken in by Amar s parents.
There is a twist  though  she is pregnant.
The identity is unclear.
<EOS>
The story focuses.
Who rose in a poor Jewish ghetto on the Lower East Side of Manhattan to become a shrewd  highly successful attorney.
He allowed a guilty client to perjure himself on the witness stand.
He believed the man could be rehabilitated if freed.
Rival lawyer Francis Clark Baird has learned and is threatening to expose George.
Will lead.
The possibility horrifies his socialite wife Cora.
Who plans to flee with Roy Darwin.
Devastated  George is about to leap from the window of his office in the Empire State Building.
When his secretary Regina  who is  comes to his rescue.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
He calls Death Machanics.
He orders one to kidnap Kiyomaro.
Meanwhile  Kiyomaro is rushing to get.
He slept.
He leaves Gash behind.
Who chases.
Vulcan   is partially broken.
Who Gash brought along.
Stuck.
Unable to stop Kiyomaro  Gash asks him  but Kiyomaro says.
He ll at least fix Vulcan.
He ll make him a new one.
His friends spot him and try to tell the others to stop the bus.
Kiyomaro tries to chase the already-moving bus down.
However   Death 18 swoops down  carrying him away and leaving his friends baffled.
They re not paying attention.
He is contained.
Kiyomaro arrives.
Dr M2 then orders Death 18 to go down and distract Gash to keep him away by making.
Gash think that he s his friend.
He thinks.
Gash walks home.
That had been ruined  and how they are all important friends of his.
Screaming out  Naomi  the local bully  believes.
Kiyomaro s an idiot.
Gash was talking  so she starts pummeling him.
However  Death 18 comes down and interrupts her.
Gash realizes.
He s about to harm Naomi.
He looks just  and tells him not to hurt Naomi.
Naomi runs off and Death 18 fixes Gash s Vulcan.
Gash thinks.
Death 18 is another Vulcan that Kiyomaro built  and calls him Yondaime  or Fourth Generation.
Gash and Vulcan then ride into town.
The demon explains.
Kiyomaro is to be his new partner  and that he can take Kiyomaro.
Dr M2 shows Kiyomaro the Death Mechanics.
Kiyomaro tells him.
They re just.
To prove him wrong  Dr M2 shows Kiyomaro a robotic model  however  as a prototype  it s loaded up with bugs.
Kiyomaro will someday build.
Dr M2 had realized.
The best way to fix the Death Mechanics was to have Kiyomaro repair them.
Kiyomaro asks Dr.
Whether the battle to decide the next ruler is still going on.
Dr M2 simply states.
He is nt interested  leaving it vague.
Dr M2 offers again to bring Kiyomaro.
He refuses.
Dr M2 tells him.
The idiots ca nt understand him.
Kiyomaro says.
Gash changed his view around him.
Meanwhile   Gash and Yondaime go under a bridge and find graffiti.
Gash paints Yondaime onto the robot s body.
The two start painting the walls themselves.
Gash s demon friends  Tio  Kanchome  and Umagon  then arrive.
Gash explains  so the five then play together in the park.
Kanchome is terrified.
He is a present.
A dark cloud is created.
Dr M2 opens the portal.
Citizens are advised to leave.
There is mass panic.
Gash says.
They should all go to investigate.
Yondaime s programming makes.
Him try to keep them all away.
Though  Yondaime realizes.
He and Gash have become friends.
He changes his mind.
The four demons get and  revealing  Yondaime soars towards the cloud.
He can fly.
They discover Dr M2 s giant floating castle.
Infuriated  Dr M2 tries to reprimand him.
Death 18 disobeyed his orders.
The robot does nt respond.
Kiyomaro manages to break free with Gash using a giant monitor on the side of the castle.
Dr M2 summons all to fight off Gash and the others.
Kiyomaro manages to get Gash to fire his Zakeru spell  blasting away the Death Mechanics  missiles.
The attack also tears a hole  though  leaving Kiyomaro to fall from the sky  however  Yondaime manages to catch him.
Kiyomaro gets ready to attack the army.
Gash  believing them all to be Vulcans and  therefore  all his friends  runs to try to talk to them.
Yondaime keeps Kiyomaro restrained.
The Vulcans do nt respond  though.
All begin to pummel him.
Tio  Kanchome  Umagon  and Yondaime all try to hold back the Vulcans.
Gash yells to stop.
All try to take Kiyomaro.
They all stop momentarily  but are immediately called back by Dr.
One hits Yondaime  reverting him to his original programming.
Yondaime flies off to join the others.
Who all fuse together.
Megumi  Folgore  and Sunbeam all arrive together to help fight it off.
The giant Vulcan attacks the group.
Megumi casts Giga Ra Seushiru  causing the giant Vulcan s attack to reflect back at it  making it collapse.
Gash asks again.
They can stop attacking  saying that since they re all Vulcans  they re all his friends.
Kiyomaro angrily snatches Gash s Vulcan  saying.
It s just a toy made that he scrapped together.
Gash tearfully reminds Kiyomaro.
Vulcan was the first friend that Kiyomaro ever made.
Shaken  Kiyomaro says.
The only reason he wanted to go was because his friends would be there.
Kiyomaro had been alone  thinking.
The world was boring and stupid  until Gash had come along and taught him the importance.
Kiyomaro comes  yet Gash still cherishes it so much.
He says that  although Gash made many friends  the only friend that he could give Gash was a toy made of paper box and chopsticks.
Everyone agrees  and will help protect all.
Because Vulcan is Gash s friend  he is their friend as well.
Kiyomaro comes up with a plan to stop the Vulcans without destroying them.
The four demon and human pairs coordinate attacks and trick Dr M2  however   Gash and Kiyomaro jump in the way and fire Zakeruga at the reactor  destroying it.
He can.
Gash sees.
When the giant Vulcan collapses.
Yondaime is all right.
He hugs him.
Suddenly  the storm intensifies.
Everyone realizes.
If they do nt seal the time-space hole  then the entire Earth will be destroyed.
Kiyomaro grabs Dr M2  asking him to fix it.
Dr M2 reveals.
If the destroyed reactor is fixed  the hole will close.
There would need to be a large amount to reactive it.
Gash states.
They could provide the power to activate the reactor.
Dr M2 realizes.
Everyone s combined power could repair it.
The four demons cast a series to channel power into the reactor  ending with Kiyomaro casting Gash s most powerful spell  Baou Zakeruga  to guide it.
Dr M2 floats.
However  their efforts are unsuccessful.
The temporarily closed gate opens once more.
Yondaime then flies up  attaching himself.
Dr M2 realizes.
Gash could strike the reactor still active to get the main reactor working again.
Gash says.
He could never shoot Yondaime.
Yondaime begins talking  however  the one sending the message through Yondaime it is in fact the Vulcan prototype.
Gash cries.
Is revealed to contain Kiyomaro s recorded voice.
He says  he speaks.
They will always be friends  whether they are together or apart.
Who no longer has Gash.
Redetermined  Gash and Kiyomaro launch a gigantic Baou Zakeruga   starting up the reactor.
Crashes and splits into three heads.
He quietly wonders.
Dr M2 sits  holding the prototype Vulcan in his lap.
The transmission element that Gash and Kiyomaro used to guide the reactor can guide even himself.
The three Baou Zakerugas fly  successfully closing the hole and leaving Dr M2 s fate unknown.
The giant Vulcan then separates back.
Who fly away.
Gash asks Kiyomaro.
He can ever see Yondaime again.
Kiyomaro responds.
He ll build him an even better Vulcan  an even better friend.
<EOS>
Made and directed by Henry Lehrman.
It Chaplin plays a spectator.
The spectator keeps getting and interferes with the race  causing great frustration to the public and participants.
The film was shot at Venice  Cal.
An actual race with Chaplin and his co-stars improvising gags in front of real-life spectators.
Unusually the camera comes out to show a second camera filming  to better explain the joke.
Chaplin only gets in the way of the visible camera on screen  not the actual filming camera.
It takes on a spectator s viewpoint and becomes one of the first public films to show the film camera and cameraman in operation.
<EOS>
Colonial tea planter John Wiley  visiting England  wins and weds.
Lovely English rose Ruth and takes her home.
Ruth s delight is tempered by isolation as the only white woman in the district  by her husband s occasional imperious arrogance  by a mutual physical attraction with plantation manager Dick Carver  and by the hovering  ominous menace of the hostile elephants.
The elephants end up destroying the plantation along with a fire.
<EOS>
The film starts off.
He looks tired and visibly shaken.
He begins to tell the bartender about.
What has happened.
His day had started off.
He gets distracted and begins to question the methods into a car.
Walking. 
This car turns out to be that.
Who happens to like Dora the Explorer.
He then proceeds to beat up and knock out Mac.
He wakes up and makes it back home.
However  the next day thrown out again.
He somehow appears and gets.
Mac gets up and runs away.
Eventually  he stumbles.
He walked.
It turns out.
The bartender is a Bulk himself  revealed.
He manages to bump.
Mac once again runs.
He had bumped before.
He is horrified to see two more bulks.
When he looks up.
One swings a bat at Mac  leaving the movie in a cliffhanger.
<EOS>
The movie revolves  then his wife s untimely demise and finally the infatuation.
His 14-year old step daughter has developed.
Patrick Dewaere s character  Remy can never catch a break.
He struggles.
His lack dogs him constantly.
His role is just another obstacle.
He faces.
Ariel Besse plays a 14-year old girl.
Maurice Ronet is a man but has also lost focus.
<EOS>
The sheriff called.
North Port has a roach problem.
It turns out.
The whole town is about to have a big roach problem.
Pets  and then people  begin to disappear.
The owner returns to the island.
Sheriff Richard Tarbell is dating Lillian.
A four-year absence and their romance blooms again.
Elizabeth happens to be the daughter.
Who is.
They also seem to have the ability to assume the form.
They kill.
<EOS>
Palash  an engineer.
Who returns.
Schoolteacher Rachana Banerjee bursts.
But  the bad guys surface.
When the lovey-dovey couple begins cavorting.
A vile landshark tricks Palash  only to gun him down soon after.
Who love Prosenjit.
Go. 
Newcomers Malabika and Angshuman.
<EOS>
Shriranga Deshmukh is a frustrated man.
His frustration is particularly.
He feels.
They are.
Ranga participates in an annual festival.
He discovers.
He has now gained the ability to listen.
He is confused.
But soon   he learns to look at his abilities as a gift instead of a curse.
The insight into the female mind helps him understand the women around him.
It helps.
Him see their frustrations and dilemmas brought on.
Being good  he slowly starts using this understanding to improve his relationship with his wife  mother  grandmother  his boss and even his father.
He is also able to solve some  making them happier than before.
He saves the city by foiling the plans of a would-be female terrorist.
<EOS>
In the suburb of Finchley near London  Great Britain  the Pevensie children  Peter  Susan  Edmund and Lucy  are endangered by an attack of numerous German Heinkel He 111 bombers.
Edmund runs back.
When running.
Which Peter scolds him.
The next morning  they are evacuated.
Who is not accustomed.
Macready  the strict housekeeper  explains.
Playing hide-and-seek out  Lucy discovers a wardrobe and enters.
A wintry fantasy world called Narnia.
Lucy shortly encounters and befriends the faun  Mr Tumnus.
Who explains.
There  he puts Lucy to sleep.
However   Lucy finds Tumnus grieving.
When she wakes up.
He explains.
Jadis  the White Witch  has cursed Narnia.
It has been winter.
They were to be brought.
A human is ever encountered.
Tumnus takes a huge liking and can not bring himself to kidnap her  so he sends her home.
Hardly any time has passed.
When she returns.
Her siblings do not believe her story.
That when they look  it has a normal wooden back.
Peter then scolds Edmund.
When he jokes.
One night  Edmund follows Lucy  presumably to tease her about the country.
He thinks she has made up.
However  he enters Narnia as well.
He meets the White Witch.
Who claims to be The Queen.
She offers him Turkish Delight as well as the prospect.
He brings them.
Edmund and Lucy meet again and return  Lucy tells Peter and Susan.
She departs.
Edmund lies.
The Professor talks  he does not understand and gives them three possible logical explanations of Lucy s behaviour -- madness  dishonesty and sincerity -- the others know  so she must be telling the truth.
They do not believe Lucy s story.
She is neither mad nor dishonest.
However  they are still not convinced.
Running away.
The four siblings retreat to the wardrobe and enter Narnia.
There  they apologize.
They discover.
Mr Tumnus has been taken  and meet Mr and Mrs Beaver  who tell them about Aslan.
Aslan is on the move to take control of Narnia from the Witch.
The four must help Aslan and his supporters  it has been prophesied.
If two sons and two daughters of Eve sit in the four thrones  the White Witch s reign would end.
Edmund sneaks off to visit the Witch.
Where Mr Beaver explains the witch s motive and that the siblings now must resort.
She is angry.
When he arrives.
He did not deliver his siblings.
The Witch sends wolves to hunt down the children and the beavers.
Who barely escape.
Edmund is chained.
Where he meets Tumnus.
The Witch demands  Edmund then tells her.
Edmund reveal where his siblings are because her police could not find them.
The witch demands to know.
Where Aslan is.
Edmund hesitates.
When Tumnus claims that Edmund does not know anything.
Edmund tells the Witch.
He heard no further information.
Seeing  the Witch tells Mr Tumnus.
Tumnus is hindering the information.
Edmund betrayed him  then turns Tumnus.
They see  so they hide.
Peter  Lucy  Susan and the beavers travel.
What they believe to be the White Witch chasing.
It is really Father Christmas  a sign.
The Witch s reign is ending.
Father Christmas gives Lucy a healing cordial and a dagger to defend herself.
Susan  a bow and arrows and a magical horn help.
Will summon.
When blown.
Peter a sword and shield.
Pursued  the group crosses a thawing river  leaving the Witch unable to reach them.
The Witch s wolves had captured the fox.
Who then appear.
Helped the Pevensies escape.
The Witch then demands.
The fox reveals the Pevensies destination.
The Witch is about to turn him.
The fox refuses to comply.
When Edmund reveals that the Pevensies are heading and that Aslan is already assembling his army.
The Witch however still turns the fox and slaps Edmund in the face for hiding information from her.
Arriving  the group encounters Aslan.
Who is revealed.
Aslan promises to help Edmund.
He can.
Later  two wolves ambush Lucy and Susan.
They are frolicking.
Maugrim attacks him.
When Peter intervenes.
Peter kills him.
Peter is knighted.
Some follow the other wolf to the witch s camp and rescue Edmund.
The White Witch journeys to Aslan s camp and asserts her claim to the traitor Edmund.
Aslan secretly offers to sacrifice himself instead.
That night   Aslan is killed with a crowd of creatures watching.
Lucy and Susan covertly watch.
He is resurrected.
There is a magic deeper still the Witch does not know.
Aslan takes Susan and Lucy.
Where he frees the prisoners that the White Witch turned  forming reinforcements for Aslan s army.
Edmund persuades Peter to lead Aslan s army to fight the White Witch s forces.
The White Witch s huge army is much larger  so it soon begins to lose.
Aslan s army begins to have a winning streak.
To stop the Witch  Edmund attacks the White Witch and destroys.
Her wand  but is gravely wounded.
Peter  angered fights her.
What the Witch did.
Aslan arrives with reinforcements and kills her.
The Pevensies become Kings and Queens  staying.
Edmund is revived.
They are adults.
Fifteen years later   they come.
Chasing a white stag.
Where there is a lamppost that Lucy saw to Narnia.
Lucy begins to remember.
Susan and Peter following  fights through the trees  and finally out of the wardrobe and return to England  becoming children again.
Where they begin to tumble.
The Professor enters the room and asks.
What they were doing.
Peter replies  You would nt believe us  sir.
We told you.
The Professor tosses him the ball.
Broke the window and replies  Try me.
Lucy later attempts to return  but the Professor tells her.
He has been trying.
They will probably return.
When they least expect to return.
<EOS>
Mei Lei Ming gives fellow passenger Nita Kenton a reading.
She informs him.
When Nita s boyfriend  importer Phillip Corey  scoffs.
He himself will die.
Corey is later found dead.
Police Inspector Jim C.
Gregg is certain.
It is a homicide and has Sergeant Kelly bring Mei Lei.
She convinces him she is innocent and   proceeds to help them solve the case and two subsequent  related killings.
Police forensic scientist Dr Merton  however  remains firmly scornful.
He recognizes Juggler Barrows.
When Corey s Chinese business partner Frederick Gow shows up.
Who has been brought in.
He pretends to cough and uses a handkerchief to conceal his face.
He enters Gregg s office.
There  he announces.
He wants to recover certain business letters.
Mei Lei becomes suspicious.
Mei Lei discovers a coded message.
When the letters Gow wanted are later examined.
Indicates Corey and Gow were involved.
Corey was engaged   preferring instead crack shot Larry Camp.
She herself was not attracted.
Kane later reluctantly reveals.
Corey had blackmailed her mother.
She also acknowledges he was killed to try to persuade him to break the engagement.
She went the night.
She was followed.
Who then quarreled.
A shot was fired.
Camp claims.
Corey fired.
Corey s valet  Shields is also a suspect.
Meanwhile  Gow runs.
Barrows is astonished to see him.
Gow had deceived him.
Gow is relieved to ascertain.
Sergeant Kelly did not believe Barrows when he claimed to have spoken some time after the real Corey had been killed.
He lures Barrows away.
Later  Barrows  dead body is flung.
Convinced  Gregg goes to search the place.
Gow is the killer.
Gow escapes.
He spots Mei Lei alone and takes her captive.
However  Shields had seen Gow entering the secret passageway and followed.
He shoots Gow dead.
Mei Lei  seeing  gets him to admit.
How good a shot he is.
He killed his employer.
Gow had hired Barrows to open Corey s safe.
They hid.
When Corey returned unexpectedly.
Shields entered the room and was accused of theft.
He was forced to shoot Corey.
<EOS>
Romain  a gay 31-year-old fashion photographer  finds out.
He is terminally ill and has only three months to live.
He rejects the treatment.
Might offer him a slim chance.
Romain exhibits both a selfish and a recklessness behavior.
He realizes.
His good looks give him a certain amount.
He tests the forbearance.
Who care.
He chases away his lover Sasha and delights.
The only person is his grandmother Laura.
Whom he confides.
<EOS>
Set  young film editor Paul Ballard is currently working on a science-fiction adventure film called Codename  Dragonfly  written and directed by renowned director Andrezej.
Andrezej is utterly infatuated.
Whom he discovered some time ago.
Paul  an aspiring filmmaker working  regularly borrows cameras and other equipment from work in order to film his own project  a documentary of his own.
They fire him.
When the producers prove unhappy for the movie s ending.
They are particularly upset  Andrezej believes.
Andrezej s ideas would be an action movie.
It should end  in order to subvert the audience s expectations.
Andrezej is first replaced - but ultimately producers set on Paul.
Paul finds his efforts to complete Dragonfly stymied by his infatuation with Valentine.
Paul has a girlfriend  Marlene  an Air France flight attendant  his obvious growing infatuation  his obsession with film making and his self absorption.
Who makes time despite her schedule.
Ultimately  Marlene leaves Paul  realizing.
His obsessions will never include her.
Paul is also challenged.
Who cuts up footage before it can be edited  and who sends cryptic messages.
Others suspect Andrezej.
Who resents being fired and losing control.
The film climaxes -  Dragonfly  Andrezej sneaks onto the set and steals their film.
The crew prepares to shoot a climactic chase scene.
Valentine and Paul jump through Paris  ultimately confronting him on the banks of the Seine.
Paul convinces Andrezej to return the film.
Ultimately it is completed  apparently keeping Andrezej s original idea.
CQ itself ends.
He is asked to pass along a script to Felix DeMarco - suggesting.
He is still.
The festival also shows Paul s own film - the collection.
He d been shooting.
We learn.
Marlene and Paul never got back together.
CQ occurs.
Codename  Dragonfly is an obvious homage.
When Barbarella was filmed.
Valentine plays a sexy freelance.
Who lives.
Undertakes assignments.
Dragonfly s latest mission is to stop a revolutionary leader known.
Who is based.
The World Council turns to Dragonfly  reluctantly.
She charges huge sums.
Which the council literally showers her.
<EOS>
Flik  an individualist and would-be inventor  lives.
The ants are led.
They live.
Flik is different and always unappreciated.
The colony is oppressed.
Who arrive every season demanding food.
The grasshoppers demand twice as much food.
When the annual offering is inadvertently knocked by Flik s latest invention  a harvester device.
The ants trick Flik into accepting his plan to recruit warrior bugs to fight off the grasshoppers.
The other ants see it.
Flik actually believes.
Making his way  Flik mistakes a group of circus bugs.
Who have recently been fired.
T.
Flea  he seeks.
The bugs   mistake Flik for a talent agent  and agree to travel with him back to Ant Island.
Discovering their mutual misunderstanding  the circus bugs attempt to leave  but are forced back.
They save Princess Dot  the Queen s daughter and Atta s sister   gaining the ants  trust in the process.
They flee.
They continue the ruse.
The troupe can continue to enjoy the attention and hospitality.
The bird encounter inspires Flik.
Who is deeply afraid.
The bird is constructed.
The circus bugs are exposed.
When P.
T.
Flea arrives searching  having had a change of heart.
Angered  the ants exile him and desperately attempt to pull together enough food for a new offering to the grasshoppers  but fail to do so.
They take control and begin eating the ants  winter store of food.
When the grasshoppers discover a meager offering.
Dot leaves in search of Flik and convinces him to return and save the colony with his original plan.
The plan nearly works  but P.
T.
Flea lights the bird model  causing it to crash and be exposed as a fake.
Hopper has Flik beaten.
Flik defies Hopper and inspires the entire colony to stand up and drive them out of the colony.
It begins to rain.
Hopper can be disposed.
Hopper kidnaps Flik and flees.
Atta gives chase and rescues Flik.
Flik leads him.
Hopper viciously pursues the couple.
Mistaking the real bird  Hopper attracts its attention by taunting it.
Hopper is picked up.
Who then feeds him.
Some time later  Flik has been welcomed back.
He and Atta are now a couple.
Atta is crowned the new Queen.
The troupe departs as an employee.
Dot gets the princess  crown.
The circus troupe then departs watch and wave farewell on a tree branch.
<EOS>
The story begins.
A bunch decide to help Cinderella by making her a car.
She can travel in.
They use various things.
They then put it.
The modernizer and it comes out.
Cinderella then goes out  with the rest of the story told by the sequel A Ride for Cinderella.
It is.
<EOS>
Seymour Sy Parrish is a full-time photo technician.
He leads a depressing  solitary life outside.
Every day he labors to ensure his customers get the best quality photos possible.
His work is his life.
He has no one and nothing to go home at the end of each day.
He feels.
There is more than meets the eye.
Then he or she will not have a full appreciation.
One only attends a two-day course.
Sy falls.
Each workday comes.
The only thing.
He has.
His favorite customers are the Yorkin family  husband Will  wife Nina  and their son  Jake.
He has done their photos  has developed an obsession with the family.
He idolizes their happiness and affluence  memorizes every personal detail  and finally begins to associate with them more and more.
He can learn.
Sy secretly makes his own copies from the film negatives and then puts them on a wall in his apartment in a massive collage.
Most  he fantasizes about being a member of their family and sharing in the love he assumes.
They must feel.
He is painfully shy and socially inept.
His awkward attempts to become closer are gently rebuffed.
Sy eventually manages to spark a connection.
When he pretends to be interested.
Nina asks Sy personal questions about his life  realizing  something only Jake had noticed earlier.
He is indeed a lonely man.
Sy even suggests.
The family should refer as ` Uncle Sy.
The next day  his boss Bill fires him for stealing prints.
Sy discovers.
Inspecting his photos.
Will is having an affair.
His idyllic conception is shattered.
He comes to hate.
Envy Will   yet does not seem to appreciate.
Who has everything Sy longs.
What he has.
Sy follows and takes pictures of Bill s young daughter as revenge for firing him  leading to a police investigation against him.
Sy confronts Will and his mistress  Maya.
Detectives Van Der Zee and Outerbridge discover Sy s obsession.
Armed  Sy forces the lovers to pose naked.
He takes pictures.
He does all.
He can in order to humiliate the couple.
Sy discovers.
The police have arrived to escape.
An alarm sounds.
Van Der Zee pursues him.
Outerbridge discovers Will and Maya  physically unharmed but deeply traumatized.
The police finally apprehend Sy in the parking garage.
He attempts to make a break.
Sy claims  I just took pictures.
The final scene takes place.
Where Van Der Zee asks Sy why he terrorized the Yorkins.
Sy replies.
He can tell Van Der Zee is a good man and not the sort who would take sick  degrading pictures of his children.
Sy asks the Detective personal questions.
He does not answer.
Sy asks.
The detective prepares to take his confession.
He took.
They appear to be only shots he took before the incident in the hotel.
The film closes with Sy.
Romanek claims  it is left up to the viewer to decide.
The picture is intended to symbolize an open ending.
Whether the picture only exists or if he ever sees the Yorkin family again.
<EOS>
Comedy  a film producer.
Where Nikos Tsiforos and Polyvios Vassileiadis performed.
-LCB- -LCB- What -RCB- -RCB- Fani recovered to survive  apparently an employee of Louka.
Mimis came.
They fell.
<EOS>
Perry is an English chemist working and is depressed after losing his wife in a freak accident.
He wins a prize  takes leave  and travels.
He tries to invent the new color Siam Sunset.
Grace   also has a troubled life.
Together they hope to color the world rather than paint  but will the universe let them?Siam Sunset at Turner Classic Movies.
<EOS>
Filmmakers Dietmar Post and Lucia Palacios have accompanied the Reverend and his troupe.
The film follows the Reverend s shopping interventions/actions at the Edgar Allan Poe House.
Reverend Billy  a.
K. 
A. 
Bill Talen  is an actor/performance artist and a leading figure.
His work combines the forces with the means of theater arts to counteract our media culture.
His artistic and political work is influenced.
His disruptions or shopping interventions are in the tradition of the Living Theater  Jose Bove  Lenny Bruce  The Yippies.
New York Times theater critic Jonathan Kalb calls his work the most hilarious and pointed political theater.
Has to be done.
The actions/performances often end with the Reverend being arrested.
He calls it stepping.
The police call it illegal trespassing.
The Reverend claims.
Social change always begins and includes as his heroes the civil rights  peace and labor movements.
Americans   lead fake lives  we gobble up the mono-culture peddled by transnational conglomerates  we buy  and  consequently  we live consumerist fictions.
Whatever stores sell us.
We become   tourists in our own lives.
Dietmar Post and Lucia Palacios s REVEREND BILLY AND THE CHURCH focuses on Reverend Billy and his devout group of disciples.
They crusade.
Talen tirelessly labors to organize actions -- ranging to rooftop speeches.
Urge people to stop shopping and to realize the threat lurking.
Working to create real change  Talen leads his followers to the streets to recite The Raven in protest of NYU s planned demolition of the Edgar Allan Poe House.
Concerned.
Transnational corporations colonize our mental-scapes and destroy local neighborhoods.
If it means frequent.
Filmmakers Dietmar Post and Lucia Palacios expertly observe -- without interruption -- Reverend Billy in action and confrontation.
The most rewarding aspect of REVEREND BILLY AND THE CHURCH OF STOP SHOPPING is its proficiency in accessing Talen s truly human side -- his humor  self-deprecation  and intelligence.
Reveals what is genuinely empowering and inspiring about the man and his mission.
<EOS>
Reuben Tishkoff   is conned by Willy Bank  his former business partner.
Reuben suffers a heart attack and becomes.
When Bank forces Tishkoff to sign over the ownership rights.
Daniel Ocean   gathers up his partners-in-crime and plans to ruin Bank on the opening night of his hotel-casino  The Bank  to get revenge for Reuben.
The first is to prevent The Bank from winning the prestigious Five Diamond Award.
Bank has previously won.
Saul Bloom poses.
The reviewer  while the real reviewer  is treated horribly during his stay through Ocean s associates and the staff on their payroll.
The second plan is to rig the casino s slot machines and other games to force a pay in winnings across the casino  this will force Bank to cede control of the casino to his board.
Rigging would require them to defeat The Greco Player Tracker  a state-of-the-art artificial intelligence system.
Monitors the games and ensures that all winnings are legitimate.
They plan to trick Bank.
To assure that players cash out  Ocean s team acquires one.
The drill breaks  forcing them to approach Terry Benedict  one.
The group prepares the rigged games.
They stole  to fund the purchase of the second drill.
He only offers Ocean the funds.
Benedict has a grudge and is willing to help.
They also steal the 4 Five Diamond Awards.
Ocean plans to seduce Bank s assistant  Abigail Sponder  to gain access to the display and switch the diamonds with fakes.
On opening night  agents from the FBI have been tipped off.
Machines have been rigged and have identified him  which may reveal the rest of Ocean s gang to Bank.
Basher distracts Bank long enough to allow Virgil and Turk Malloy to change the group s FBI records.
Linus   is interrupted by the lead FBI agent.
He explains the diamond-theft plan.
Linus is arrested  but  the lead agent is revealed to be his father  Bobby  and there to help Linus swap the diamonds.
They exit.
Who is.
They are caught.
They exit.
Whom Benedict had ordered to intercept the diamonds.
Linus gives the diamonds.
Who leaves  but discovers he only holds the fakes.
The remainder continues as expected  with The Greco disrupted.
Guests leaving the hotel.
Ocean lets.
Bank realizes his ruin.
Him know that they did everything  taunting him about the fact that Bank can not even arrange for revenge as he can not prove that Ocean did anything illegal.
The group uses the money.
They made off to buy property north of the Las Vegas Strip for Reuben to build his own casino.
Ocean donates his portion of the take to charity  all $ 72 Million  forcing Benedict to publicly admit his philanthropy via TV appearances.
Rusty ensures.
The group disperses and considers settling down.
The real Five Diamond reviewer is compensated.
<EOS>
The film brings together the video diaries recorded for Boys in Zayouna  a mixed-race  middle-class neighbourhood in the Karrada suburb of Baghdad  Iraq.
Entering their senior year  each has high expectations for the year ahead and hope to graduate.
They can have a chance to attend university.
The boys must also deal with the increasing sectarian violence.
Is starting to extend.
They face the threats to school  frequent curfews  the constant presence of American Apache helicopters overhead  and the deterioration of their neighbourhood.
Becomes rife.
Many  unmotivated and academically underperforming  are absent from school.
Ali Shadman is one.
His family are struggling financially and resort.
When the power grid fails.
Ali begins to wonder.
When the generator breaks down one night.
He is fixing it  instead of studying in peace.
Another night  he reports the neighbourhood s news but explains.
There is nothing to speak.
Anmar Refat  a Syriac Christian  tries to remain philosophical and hopes.
Armed gangs will not attack the school.
His family  however  are more nervous.
Their Christian beliefs increase the threat.
Anyone were to find out.
Anmar has a girlfriend.
Whom he can contact only.
He has not heard in several days  leaving him worried about  or has been hurt in the violence.
Whether she has found another boyfriend.
Hayder Khalid  a Shia Moslem  hopes to become a famous.
He frequently downloads music videos English pop music.
He can learn popular English songs and dance moves.
Mohammad Raed  a Sunni Moslem  is the class clown.
Who prefers playing sports and fooling around to studying.
Unaware believes  and believes.
He is hard-working  self-sufficient and mature.
He will graduate and go.
Ali s family moves to the more peaceful Kurdish region in Northern Iraq.
Ali says.
He is homesick and misses the action and noise.
Mohammad  feeling lonely  adopts a bird.
He finds.
This brings him some comfort.
His mother later demands.
He get rid as she does not want vermin in the house.
Mohammad s family rejoice.
When Saddam Hussein is sentenced  and feel that his later execution was justified  as to do otherwise would have made the Iraqi people look weak.
Conversely  Anmar s family is upset.
They feel that the people who came were no better than Hussein was.
Hyder s mother says.
Many Iraqi people were hopeful  and that it is wrong to blame America for all of the problems in Iraq.
She notes.
The bloodshed has yet to stop as the Sunni continues to kill the Shiite  and vice versa.
Hyder s family loses its income.
The film continues.
They start to sell their furniture to earn extra money.
The boys must pass seven final exams to graduate.
Anmar  Hyder and Ali each fail two subjects  and are given the option to retake the exams.
Anmar passes the retakes and aspires to study English literature.
His family decide to move.
That he has graduated.
Hyder also retakes his exams and passes.
His family can no longer afford to pay.
Ali chooses not to retake the exams.
His family leave Iraq.
Mohammad fails four subjects and must repeat his senior year.
He chooses to do so while working at his uncle s scooter repair shop.
It notes  six were kidnapped.
The documentary closes.
Two of the boys  classmates were killed.
Seventy-Five left Iraq.
<EOS>
Nil Nirjane is set.
Where several people have come to spend their weekend.
An interesting urban milieu far away is created in the film.
Where we see an unwed mother.
The manager leads a slow life and gets entangled with a tribal girl.
Relationships start developing.
Suddenly Cactus band group arrives.
The serenity is disturbed  The film starts with a music video-like title.
Where the glimpses is showcased.
Immediately along with his boy-friend Aman enters the holiday resort looking for a room to stay.
We already find.
The single-mother  played  played by real-life daughter Raima Sen.
Mou  along are also there to spend the weekend.
A friendship develops.
Gradually emerges.
The characters start interacting with each other.
Cactus  the rock band arrives for shooting a music video.
The place is filled.
Emerge. 
Meanwhile  the June-Aman duo  sensing go.
Relationship is not going to last long.
People save them from dying and finally leaves for the city  leaving the resort in its original serenity.
<EOS>
Dreams movie revolves.
Who seeks vengeance is responsible for the mysterious death of her lover Shiva.
Meena assumes.
When Abbas dies.
Dr Roy  who wanted to marry her  is.
To seek revenge  she starts wooing him so as to trap him.
Dr Roy s innocence is proven forms the rest.
<EOS>
This French melodrama tells the tragic story  Priest Jean   has relations with her  and gets her pregnant.
Who falls with a young woman  the 17-year-old girl Francoise.
That happens.
Some years later Francoise waits.
Jean becomes communist.
<EOS>
Lazar Perkov or Laki is an orthopaedic specialist.
His mother  Dr Vera Perkova is the Orthopaedic clinic s director.
The action begins.
Where he has a fight.
Pissed off  he goes for a drive.
His phone rings -- it is his mother.
When trying to light a cigarette  without having the seatbelt on.
Then the cigarette falls to grab his mobile phone on the seat next to him  burning him on the arm.
Now he loses control.
Meanwhile a woman is crossing the road.
Lazar s attempt to avoid hitting her is fatal.
His car flips  and crashes.
He is found hanging off the car s window whose glass had broken.
The slow movement is threatening to crush his dangling head.
Something moves him away.
All watch in despair.
<EOS>
The powers were destroyed by Krishna s Sudarshana Chakra in the movie Chhota Bheem Aur Krishna.
His soul manages to survive.
His sister brings him back using her magic  but is unable to restore any power.
Kirmada then requests the devil to give him more strength.
The devil informs him.
He was killed and can not be resurrected.
He absorbs the power and sacrifices himself into the fire  at which point Kirmada could get back his own form and power.
Kirmada then enters the body and absorbs the power of the king of Pataliputra  converting him into a zombie in the process.
He absorbs the power of many of the residents of Pataliputra.
Kirmada sacrifices himself and returns.
Bheem and his friends team up to quell the disaster.
Bheem strikes Kirmada with his axe and destroys him.
The powers get released.
He had absorbed.
The people return.
Kirmada s ghost tries to escape.
Bheem shoots him out.
The next day  Krishna is shown teasing.
He is about to leave.
Bheem  thinking  pays no heed.
Krishna is only joking.
However   Krishna is gone.
When he looks back.
But the peacock feather dear is blowing in the wind.
They run.
The feather comes to a close.
<EOS>
The play and subsequent film is based to Queen Elizabeth II.
It portrays his interrogation  his work researching and conserving art works  his work at the Courtauld Institute  and his acquaintance with the Queen.
Bennett described the piece.
Which the circumstances are imaginary.
The pictures are real.
<EOS>
A group begin being murdered one by one.
<EOS>
The story is set  specifically around the time of the 1933 Long Beach earthquake.
Camilla is a fiery  beautiful Mexican cafe waitress.
Who aspires one day to be.
She wishes to do this.
Her plan is thrown.
When she meets Italian-American Arturo Bandini.
Farrell s character is portrayed.
Who comes to start his writing career.
<EOS>
A handful of men slowly regain consciousness.
They have amnesia and have no idea.
Who they are  where they are  or what has happened.
All five seem to have been  one is tied up on a chair  another has been handcuffed and shot  a third has a broken nose.
The other two have their share and bruises.
Everyone is asleep.
Caviezel s character wakes up first.
He checks to make sure and then decides to walk around and try to find out.
Everyone is alive.
What is going on.
He discovers.
All the windows have bars.
The only door has a mechanized lock.
He finds a ringing phone and picks it up.
The caller asks.
What is going on.
Caviezel tells the caller.
Everyone is fine.
The Caller tells him he will be back.
Meanwhile  somewhere else a money drop off is going down.
Mr Coles has been kidnapped.
Back   Pantoliano s character asks to be untied.
The others wake up.
Pepper s character convinces him not  telling Caviezel.
Caviezel is going to untie him.
Pantoliano is obviously not as them or he would nt have been tied up.
Kinnear wakes up and gets.
Caviezel and Pepper start looking to release Sisto from the handcuffs and treat his wound.
Back  the signal in the money bag goes silent.
The cops rush in to find the money gone.
The men find a newspaper.
Features a story.
The men begin to suspect.
They were involved.
No one is sure.
They are or if one of them might happen to be the victim.
Eventually  each begin to have flashes of memory.
Sisto s character recalls a harrowing incident.
Where he was comforted.
He claims.
Caviezel is his friend.
Caviezel can not remember.
This is true or not.
Sisto s character dies from his wounds.
A gun is recovered.
Caviezel wins possession of it.
Various attempts to free themselves   fail.
The men decide to work together to fight off the criminals.
Who are coming so all can go their separate ways.
Outside  the police slowly piece together.
Who they believe the kidnappers are.
They show the photos to Coles  wife.
Sisto  Pantoliano  and Caviezel are all included.
Back  the rest of the gang is returning from the money pickup.
Pantoliano remembers.
They enter.
He is part and tries to warn them of the trap.
He is shot  along with one of the gang members.
The others surrender.
Pepper is pushed out.
Caviezel   recalls  but can not accept the fact.
He is part and participated in the kidnapping.
He is a criminal.
He is greeted and is chastised for letting things go so wrong in the warehouse.
He is tasked and tells them he has to kill.
Them or he ll be killed himself.
The gang leader comes up and asks.
Hearing gunshots out had dug before losing his memory.
He s looking.
This sparks a memory.
He is a cop and has been working undercover.
Pepper and Kinnear come out to attack the gang members.
As the gang leader looks over to see an empty grave.
Kinnear is killed.
Are the remaining gang members.
Pepper saves Caviezel s life.
Who has a gun leveled.
The police arrive.
This unfolds.
Caviezel is praised.
Pepper turns out to be Coles  the wealthy businessman.
Coles  wife arrives and hugs her husband.
Both are being treated.
Caviezel looks over  he remembers.
They have been having an affair.
Caviezel is the one.
Who arranged the whole kidnapping and had planned out the score to get rich and win the girl.
Clearly horrified.
What he has done.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
There was a good and wise king.
Who ruled in every corner of town.
The people prospered and were very happy.
However  the good king fell ill.
His captain plundered and terrorized all of England  and worst of all  he did it in the name of the king.
Day  Mickey  Goofy and Pluto  are three beggars trying to get money for some food.
Mickey and Pluto try selling firewood.
Goofy sells flavored snow.
They are all unsuccessful.
Captain Pete s carriage passes  having stolen much food from the people of London  and burying the three heroes in the snow.
The hungry Pluto sees a sausage stand out and begins to chase  pursuing it into the castle of the king.
Mickey knocks.
One opens the door and lets him in  mistaking him for the prince.
Pete scolds the soldier  pointing out.
Where the real prince is  taking his classes.
The teacher teaches the prince.
The latter looks out the window.
The prince  being discovered  is mocked by his valet  Donald.
The prince plays.
The teacher is distracted.
Donald hits  unwittingly  the teacher.
But the Prince soon hears a commotion outside  it is Captain Pete.
Who is roughly handling Mickey and Pluto.
The prince orders.
Them to be brought right away.
Pete kicks Mickey  and kicks Pluto out of the castle.
Mickey  astonished to be  inadvertently knocks over many suits of armor  with one of the helmets falling on both his and the approaching Prince s heads.
The two Mickeys are surprised to see.
They are entirely alike.
The prince tells the beggar  getting up early  studying all day  and then go to bed early.
He is bored.
So.
Realize and take the role  the prince reassures the beggar saying .
They can exchange a costume.
To rule that requires only two things.
What a splendid idea  good thing I thought.
The prince  disguised  down the window  fooling the Captain Pete.
Who believes he is the beggar.
Pete throws the beggar out.
The prince meets Mickey s friend Goofy and Pluto  but does not recognise them at all.
Meanwhile  Mickey is challenged  such as chemistry   and falconry.
Where the formula explodes.
Where he is chased.
All is make a group chase him in anger.
The prince is trying to make a dog play by throwing a bone.
Does. 
The prince sees a couple of soldiers trying to steal a chicken from Clarabelle Cow and her two children  saying.
It is.
But the prince in disguise orders.
Them to return the chicken.
The soldiers throw a pumpkin for a crown and leave  not believing he is the true prince.
Children help him get up and explain.
The soldiers take away their food and belongings in the name of the king.
But a carriage   goes.
Carries food stolen.
The prince stops it  showing the real ring.
All bow.
He returns their food.
But the soldiers   try to stop the prince  accusing him.
Who had been called.
The prince escapes from the other commoners  especially Goofy.
One of the soldiers tells Pete.
One had the royal ring.
Pete is alarmed knowing then.
The prince was cast out.
May see the corruption and theft going.
The soldier mocks Pete saying.
He is going to be punished dearly.
Pete answers.
He wo nt.
The prince never returns.
The beggar  dressed  is called by Horace Horsecollar and told.
He must see his father  who is now dying.
Mickey enters the room  but does not have the heart to tell him.
He is not the real prince.
Instead   he sadly promises.
The sick king tells him he must take his royal birthright and become king.
Shortly afterwards  the king dies.
Mickey knows.
The true prince must be found as quickly.
Captain Pete arrives behind him  and threatens Mickey to be crowned king  revealing.
He had captured Mickey s dog Pluto.
Meanwhile  the true prince hears the bells announcing the death.
Knowing  the Prince decides to return immediately.
He should be king.
But Pete appears and manages to capture him and puts him.
The coronation begins.
The beggar does not want to be king.
Pete is strangling Pluto.
The prince orders leave.
The guard to let them.
He refuses to obey.
A dark figure walks up the stairs  a hooded man armed.
The guard believes.
The man is the executioner.
The man trips and accidentally knocks out the guard.
Then he removes the hood  it is Goofy.
Goofy tries to figure out.
Key opens the cell while the other soldiers arrive.
Donald finds the key for the cell  and the three flee to the coronation chamber.
The beggar  struggling not to be crowned  finally stops.
The archbishop  and orders the guards to arrest Pete.
But Pete defends himself.
The Prince arrives.
They kill the beggar and makes his entrance.
The Prince and Captain Pete duel are defeated by Goofy s clumsiness and Donald s cowardice.
Finally  the Prince cuts Captain Pete s trousers loose  causing them to fall down and reveal Pete s underpants  a frilly  lacy pair.
Pete tries to hold his trousers up  but is tripped up by Mickey and the Prince  causing him to fall down.
Has fallen.
His ruffled panties fully displayed  Captain Pete becomes entangled.
Ends up rolling out and dropping down out onto the streets below to death.
Mickey and the Prince then cheer.
The archbishop is confused and does not know.
Who to crown.
Pluto recognizes the beggar.
The Prince shows his ring.
The Prince is crowned King  and with Mickey and Goofy at his side  rules for many years with justice and compassion for all.
<EOS>
Prospector Ben Rumson finds two adult male occupants  brothers  and the other.
When a wagon crashes.
Of whom is dead.
Whom has a broken arm and leg.
Gold dust is discovered.
The first man is about to be buried.
Ben stakes a claim and adopts the surviving brother as his Pardner.
He recuperates.
Pardner is initially innocent and romantic  illustrated Elisa.
Who he later sheepishly confesses exists only.
Pardner is a farmer.
Who hopes to make enough to buy some land  and is openly suspicious of the drunken and seemingly amoral Ben.
Ben claims.
While he is willing to fight  steal  and cheat  his system of ethics does not allow him to betray a partner.
Ben will share the spoils.
Pardner takes care in his moments of drunkenness and melancholy.
No Name City springs up as a tent city with the miners alternating between wild parties and bouts of melancholy.
The men become increasingly frustrated  so the arrival of a Mormon  Jacob Woodling  with two wives is enough to catch the attention of the entire town.
The miners claim.
It is unfair to have two wives when they have none.
They persuade him to sell one to the highest bidder.
Elizabeth  Jacob s younger and more rebellious wife  agrees to be sold.
Whatever she gets  it ca nt be as bad.
A drunken Ben winds up.
Ben is readied by the other miners  and is married to Elizabeth under mining law  with Ben being granted exclusive rights to all her mineral resources.
Elizabeth  not content to be passively treated  threatens to shoot Ben on their wedding night.
She is not treated.
This is acceptable.
She believes Ben is not the type to truly settle down.
He builds a proper wooden cabin to provide her.
Ben is impressed.
He enlists the miners to keep this promise.
Elizabeth rejoices.
Sensing the other miners becoming obsessed  Ben consumed by jealousy and paranoia.
News comes.
A plan is hatched to kidnap the women and bring them  thus providing the other miners with female companionship.
The town will prosper.
Other miners will likely be willing to spend their money in No Name City if it means a chance to visit prostitutes.
Ben heads up the mission and leaves Elizabeth.
The two fall  saying  convinces them.
She also still loves Ben.
If a Mormon man can have two wives  why ca nt a woman have two husbands.
But soon the town becomes large enough.
More civilized people begin to settle there.
A parson begins to make a concerted effort to persuade the people to give up their evil ways  warning the townsfolk.
They will be swallowed up if they do not repent.
Meanwhile  a group is rescued from the snow.
The strait-laced family is invited to spend the winter.
Who is assumed to be her only husband.
Ben is left to fend in town.
He introduces one of the family  naive young Horton Fenty  to the pleasures of Rotten Luck Willie s saloon and cat house.
This leads dismissing both Ben and Pardner from the log cabin.
Pardner takes in Willie s.
Ben and a group discover.
The gold begins to play out.
Gold dust is dropping.
They tunnel to get at the gold.
This brings the story.
The others and the town is destroyed.
A reprise plays.
The town is literally swallowed.
It is time to move on to the next gold field.
Elizabeth and Pardner reconcile and plan to stay.
He comments  Sylvester Newel.
Never knew Pardner s real name  which Pardner then reveals.
<EOS>
Five married men share ownership.
They use to discretely meet their respective mistresses.
The men begin to suspect each other.
When the body is found in that loft.
They are the only ones.
Are intertwined.
<EOS>
An expatriate American doctor allows herself to lighten up.
A mysterious man enter her life.
Her inhibitions released  the beautiful doctor learns.
Freedom has its own price.
<EOS>
The cartoon centers.
Daffy Duck gambles away all his money.
He can not pay the bill  therefore  he and Porky try to escape.
Daffy now has no money.
The hotel manager eventually gets the upper hand and locks them up.
They pay up.
Winter is approaching.
Daffy is beginning to lose his sanity.
Porky suggests.
They call Bugs Bunny.
Daffy concurs and tries to call the rabbit.
But  Bugs Bunny.
It turns out.
Himself is locked up next door.
<EOS>
One night   a pair of crooks discreetly break into the aquarium and steal a priceless pearl.
They rush away to raise the alarm.
Soon as the security guards see the empty shell.
The crooks take advantage by putting a fake pearl  the same size as the real one  in the shell.
He thinks  but then has second thoughts.
When the guards return sees the fake pearl.
The guards were making it up.
A similar case happened two weeks before.
Some time later Tintin  Snowy and Captain Haddock arrive.
They have come to join their friend professor Cuthbert Calculus.
Who has rented a villa in order to build his latest invention.
They run into Thompson and Thomson.
Who are also heading on a special mission.
The four men and dog fly to Calculus  house  but during the flight they get into some engine trouble.
The pilot bails out.
Tintin attempts to safely land the plane.
It ends up.
They are saved.
Their dog Gustav.
But  the crash was deliberately set up.
It turns out.
The pilot contacts his superior.
The children give their new friends a lift.
They warn them.
They learn.
There is a curse.
Is an old submerged town.
The party finally arrives.
Where he demonstrates his invention  a camera which can project holographic images.
It is part.
Will make actual copies.
Later   Thompson and Thomson explain.
They are Calculus  bodyguards as they suspect that a criminal organization specializing wants to steal his machine.
Eventually  everybody goes.
Snowy wakes up Tintin at one point after hearing a noise outside.
Tintin shakes it off.
The noise is made by Calculus  housekeeper  Madame Black.
Who is as well.
Next morning.
The Captain and the detectives play a game  Snowy runs into a man in scuba gear.
Who has obtained some plans stolen from Calculus  laboratory.
The man escapes.
Snowy manages to bite off a part of his flippers.
He gives the dogs the bitten-off flipper to sniff.
The Captain and the detectives tell Tintin what has happened.
Tintin follows Snowy.
Gustav leads Haddock.
When pulled  opens a passage.
Tintin finds an underwater tunnel leading out to the lake.
Tintin gets trapped by a wire net.
Snowy dives in and chews  saving Tintin from drowning.
Back  Calculus demonstrates his new invention to the children -- a machine.
Can copy any object.
Unfortunately the effects are as yet.
The copied objects shortly turn back.
The criminals attack Calculus and the detectives and take the children away.
Tintin and Haddock pursue them but fail to rescue Niko and Nushka.
The criminals leave from their leader  King Shark.
Who tells the heroes that they will get the children back.
Tintin himself is to do the exchange and is not to call the police.
Tintin  Haddock  Calculus and the detectives search the house.
Tintin discovers a secret passage hidden  catching Madam Black in the process.
Leads. 
Tintin decides to contact the police and comes up to cover his tracks.
Tintin and Snowy set off and just happen to meet their old friend  the opera singer Bianca Castafiore.
Who gives him a lift and even helps him in getting to the police.
The chief listens to his story  but he is limited in.
What he can do since half the lake is.
There are thus risks.
Two days pass.
Tintin finally returns with the shark-like submarine which Calculus built during the search for Red Rackham s Treasure.
The plan is.
Tintin will meet the crooks.
Haddock will follow him.
Criminals pick Tintin up in a submarine.
They head underwater.
Where their base is situated.
The mastermind is revealed to be none other than Tintin s arch nemesis Rastapopoulos  now calling himself King.
Rastapopoulos promises to set Niko and Nushka free  but  unaware of Tintin s arrival  the children escape from their cell and hijack an underwater tank.
Rastapopoulos takes.
He then notices Captain Haddock s sub and uses the tank to fire torpedoes at Haddock.
Provokes a fight.
He attempts to stop Rastapopoulos.
Haddock s mini-sub is hit  jamming its propulsion.
The tank is returned by remote control.
Rastapopoulos takes Tintin and shows him his art collection  gloating.
Waiting to return.
They can make multiple copies of all the stolen masterpieces and sell them off for huge amounts of money.
Rastapopoulos tries by cloning a cigar box.
The imitation proves highly unstable and grows.
Rastapopoulos locks Tintin and the children in a chamber  but then learns.
Police boats are patrolling the lake.
He therefore decides to evacuate the base and orders his men to take all the art.
He has.
He then floods.
The chamber Tintin and the children are.
As soon  the base will.
The water has reached.
Haddock manages to regain control and makes his way to the surface  encountering Thompson and Thomson and the chief of the Syldavian police in a patrol boat.
With all of his men having evacuated the base  Rastapopoulos and his lieutenant leave the base in the submarine.
Tintin and the children manage to get free and escape.
Before the base explodes.
They then reach the surface and rejoin their friends and the police.
The police have captured all  but the mastermind.
Himself has already crossed the border.
Therefore not bound  Tintin and Haddock insist in going after Rastapopoulos in a motor boat.
Rastapopoulos tries to navigate the sub  but forgets to lower the sub s periscope  and get flooded.
Order to pass the border posts.
Hits a low rock and breaks  causing the sub.
The villains make.
They are captured as soon.
They attempt to leave the wrecked vessel.
Tintin  Snowy and Haddock return and are welcomed by a huge party of villagers  and Bianca Castafiore.
Who want to celebrate the end.
Who makes Haddock flee the party.
The 2 E s from THE END are stolen by the prisoners.
<EOS>
Samantha is a travel journalist.
Who is still recovering with her last boyfriend  when her psychiatrist ironically suffers a nervous breakdown.
Her new neighbor comes.
Samantha is canceling her appointments.
Having never met the real Dr Rosenberg  she poses.
Her shrink.
Samantha ends up seeing a few of Dr Rosenberg s other patients  including eccentric magazine salesman Henry.
Thus leading her to question her life  is actually.
What she truly desires.
<EOS>
Roze Kate is with a boy named Everhard.
However  Everhard s brothers.
Jacob and Simon are jealous.
They decide to kill Roze Kate.
When they discover their heritage will be lost when their mother dies.
<EOS>
Set  the plot centered around a man.
Who is falsely accused murder.
The Other Side was shot in Monterrey  Mexico.
<EOS>
Sinbad  his black first mate Karim and beautiful slave girl Tara embark believed to be hidden within the fabled Labyrinth.
Sinbad and the Minotaur They are pursued by the evil Sorcerer Al Jibbar.
Who bears a striking resemblance.
Al Jibbar s cannibal henchman is seemingly immortal  capable and highly skilled in the ways of the Indian Jettis  strongmen capable of torturing and killing prisoners with their bare hands.
Seringapatam terminology.
<EOS>
Al Crowthers and Melvin Jones become friends.
Al has tried to enlist before  11 times  but was always rejected.
However  he keeps trying.
That he can impress women.
Melvin  meanwhile  is allergic.
He decided to join the Navy as this was the only way he could afford to follow doctor s orders.
Unbeknown  the naval requirements have been lowered.
This time he has been accepted.
Has Melvin.
They are assigned.
They met and referred to as fathead.
Melvin falls with a woman Hilda Jones.
Who does not wear makeup.
However  Melvin seems to attract women.
Lardoski wagers.
Melvin has to kiss any girl he names.
Al agrees.
Lardoski picks Corinne Calvet.
Who is playing.
The crew then get sent out to Hawaii.
Which Melvin is caught when the ship is submerging.
He is tied to a torpedo for the rest of the voyage to avoid any more incidents.
Once  Al romances Corinne.
Melvin also vies in order to gain a kiss to win the bet which his shipmates have informed him about  and is unsuccessful in comforting Hilda who becomes jealous.
Lardoski tries to prevent the kiss.
He disguises himself and gains the kiss.
Al wins the bet.
Melvin works things out.
<EOS>
The abnormal gushing has caused forests to wilt and aberrations in the behavior of the local monsters.
Flynn  Hisca  and Chastel meet the leader of the local guild  Melzome Kaid.
Yuri starts a bar fight.
Raven is one.
Yuri and Flynn   have a standoffish attitude against each other  with Flynn s stringent adherence to rules and regulation clashing against Yuri s free-spirited and just nature.
It is revealed.
Flynn s personality is attributed.
Flynn s father disobeyed his given orders and continued to fight fervently to protect the town.
He perished  leaving not even a body for Flynn and his mother to bury.
His valiant efforts were successful.
Niren  the captain of the knights stationed in Shizontania  was once dedicated to following the letter of the rules and regulation of the knights.
However  he attributes the death to this trait  saying.
If he had defied orders he may have been able to protect them.
Niren confides.
He has a great deal for what Flynn s father did.
The knights  efforts to repel the monsters prove to be in vain.
Their blastias start to malfunction due.
Niren decides to take steps to protect the town.
Niren sends Flynn in his stead to attend the gathering and to request aid in defending the town.
Niren and Chastel leave.
Yuri and Hisca are left to care  Niren s personal hound  and Repede  Lambert s son.
Yuri and Flynn s assignments end.
Niren succeeds.
Flynn is admonished.
His request are denied until the end of the gathering.
The town is viewed.
Furthermore  Alexei orders Flynn to tell Niren to stay and not take any actions.
Reinforcements arrive.
Privately he gives his subordinate different orders related.
Afterward Flynn has a small chat.
Yuri and Hisca assist.
The monster takes control.
They successfully repel the invasion.
Yuri is forced to kill him  leaving Yuri dispirited.
Order to protect Hisca.
He and Yuri come.
When Flynn returns.
Each believes the other had an effortless assignment.
Meanwhile  a platoon are seen in the forest being slaughtered by monsters.
One survives and flees.
Where he delivers a report.
Raven witnesses this meeting.
Niren.
Reinforcements would not be arriving anytime soon.
He believes to be a fortress.
Flynn disagrees  viewing it as disobedience of a direct order.
Garista  the strategist  attempts to dissuade Niren  first directly  then through appealing to Flynn s personality  to no avail.
The investigation turns out to be more dangerous.
Originally thought.
The aer begins to turn the fortress.
Melzome arrives and assists Niren s group.
The knights make their way.
Where a giant blastia is found to be using the aer.
Niren uses the device given to stifle the gushing of aer.
A backlash is caused  destroying the barrier blastia keeping Shizontonia safe  knocking out Chastel  and causing the fortress to begin to crumble.
Flynn spots a piece of fallen blastia  he tells Flynn.
Niren apparently recognizes.
They ll deal later.
The floor crumbles.
Niren attempts to carry Chastel.
Niren is able to throw Chastel  and is stranded in a sinkhole of gushing aer.
He received.
Leaving his blastia  Niren tells the knights to leave without him.
The fortress collapses around him  as well as Melzome and his guild  are forced to leave Niren behind.
The knights and the entire town mourn deeply tells Flynn.
Even though Niren sacrificed his life  he left behind a town full of people willing to live on  much like Flynn s father did when he was a child.
Flynn openly weeps.
The captain s casket is taken away.
However  Flynn soon realizes.
The blastia used where the aer abnormality originated  along with the piece he spotted on the floor  were a specialized type used only by Garista.
Yuri and Flynn confront Garista.
Garista reveals.
He was attempting to create a new kind that would give humans total control over aer.
The duo say.
They will arrest him.
Garista implies.
The higher ups already knew of his research and allowed it.
Not only that  an earlier research incident years ago was the catalyst.
Flynn s father died.
Infuriated  Yuri and Flynn attack Garista.
Who overpowers them.
However  Yuri and Flynn uses Niren s blastia to catch Garista.
Yuri stabs him  killing him.
Shizontonia is evacuated due to the failure of the barrier blastia.
Vice captain Jurgis  having been told by Niren  overlooks  the official report will state.
Garista was likely.
Yuri and Flynn s killing.
A blastia explosion was the cause.
Could possibly handle or tolerate him.
Flynn sees him off  and the two share a fond farewell  swearing to meet again one day.
Yuri leaves.
<EOS>
Two battle hardened brothers  one and the other in the Royal Indian Army get ready to face and fight the stubborn Japanese invaders in Burma during World War II.
Falling with the same girl.
<EOS>
A young woman named.
Sarah is staying with her father and her uncle  helping them fix it up.
A lot happens on and around a wall found to be infested with mold.
Mold spore toxicity may be a rational explanation.
One is needed.
Her uncle decides to take a break from working and drives into town to get tools.
There is a knock.
Her father works upstairs.
Sarah answers it  meeting a young woman named Sophia.
Who claims to be one  though Sarah does not remember her.
The two plan to meet again later.
Sarah hears strange noises upstairs and immediately notifies her father.
He is not worried  but goes to check  finding nothing.
Sarah calms down  but soon hears the sound.
Panicked  she tries to leave the house but all exits are locked or boarded up.
She hides.
Who attempts to grab hold under a table.
Sarah searches and finds him unconscious with a head wound.
She runs in search of the cellar door leading outside  and finds a bed.
Other human necessities  evidence  possibly squatters.
Someone else has been living there.
She sees a figure shining a light.
She escapes out the cellar door.
Outside  she meets her uncle   and sees a young girl.
Who has returned.
Who disappears.
Her uncle insists.
They should both go get help.
They discover her father s body to be missing  and find a generator lamp running.
The generator kicks off  the only source is a polaroid camera s flash.
Searching the pool room.
Sarah sees the young girl and an unidentified man in the room.
The power returns to reveal.
Her uncle is missing.
She hides.
Two men take pictures  presumably pedophilic  of an unseen girl on the top of the table.
Sarah then sees one.
She attempts unsuccessfully to shoot one with her uncle s gun.
Sarah returns  and begins to exhibit signs of paranoia and psychosis.
She has hallucinations  a young girl  and a toilet spewing blood.
Depict traumatic childhood events.
These vivid hallucinations frighten Sarah.
She runs downstairs.
She is confronted by Sophia  and finds her now conscious father wrapped in plastic  sitting up in the living room.
Sophia shows Sarah a box containing pedophilic pictures as a little girl  implying.
Her father sexually abused and photographed her.
Sarah is then shown dragging her unconscious uncle.
Sophia vanishes.
Sarah s father convinces her to untie him.
Which point he slaps her and whips her.
Her uncle then regains consciousness and tries to stop her father.
Who mocks his brother s pleas.
Sarah bludgeons his head.
His back is turned.
Her uncle begs and tells her he should have stopped the rape and abuse.
Went on.
Sarah leaves him and walks outside silently.
The film fades.
<EOS>
South Korea .
A few days pull over for coffee at a motorway rest stop on the way to visiting his parents in Andong  southeast of Seoul.
However   Sun-young has disappeared and is not reachable.
When Mun-ho returns.
All is a hairpin.
He can find.
It looks.
If there has been a.
Mystified  Mun-ho then learns but had been turned down.
Sun-young had earlier applied.
When it was discovered she had a history.
Investigating her debt history  Mun-ho finds.
She had been using someone else s name and identity.
He persuades his cousin  Kim Jong-geun  a former police detective sacked  to help find her.
Examining her flat  Jong-geun finds.
She left no fingerprints  had no friends and claimed her mother died two years ago.
It then turns out.
The woman whose identity she assumed two years ago had a debt history and has since vanished.
Visiting Sun-young s hometown  Jong-geun hears rumors.
She killed her mother.
Sun-young s real name is   Cha.
Jong-geun and Mun-ho realize.
She is now looking to take.
They think.
They know her possible target.
<EOS>
Sesha Ratnam is very rich and headstrong women.
Even her husband Veera Bhadrayya Fears Her.
They have two daughters Shobha and Neeru.
Anjali Devi is Veera Bhadrayya s Mother.
Venkateswara Rao/Venkanna is grand son to Veera Bhadrayya.
Sesha Ratnam does nt get well and never allows any of Janaki Ramaiha s relatives to enter into her house.
Veera Bhadrayya wants one.
But Sesha Ratnam opposes the proposal.
Venkateswara Rao promises his grand mother.
He will marry one and unite the families.
Venkanna comes to nakkbokkalapadu to make one.
But  both the girls fall for him.
Venkanna Convinces Sesha Ratnam And Unite The Two Families.
<EOS>
Banks  a suburban lawyer  recalls the day  three months earlier.
When he first learned to Buckley Dunstan.
Kay s casual announcement makes  but he soon comes to realize.
She is and has accepted his proposal.
Stanley feel uneasy.
The wedding is inevitable.
Stanley lies awake  fearing the worst for his daughter.
Ellie  Kay s mother  immediately begins making preparations.
Stanley s misgivings eventually make Ellie anxious.
She insists.
Kay introduce them.
Kay calls the tradition old-fashioned rigamarole  but arranges the meeting nevertheless.
Stanley has a private conversation with Buckley  and is pleased to learn.
The young man is the head and that he is capable of providing a comfortable life for Kay.
The Bankses  first meeting  Buckley s parents  gets off to an awkward start  and goes from bad to worse.
When Stanley drinks too much and falls asleep.
Stanley   realizes.
Who misses the entire party because he is.
He will be expected to pay.
Stanley calculates.
He can afford to accommodate no more than one hundred and fifty guests.
The task proves too difficult  however.
Stanley reluctantly consents.
The plans continue until the day.
Buckley tells Kay that he wants to take her.
Kay reacts and calls off the wedding  but she and Buckley soon reconcile.
The two families begin their wedding rehearsals.
Chaos reigns at the Banks home as final preparations are made for the reception.
The wedding ceremony brings both joy and sorrow.
He realizes that his daughter is now a woman and no longer his child.
The following day  Ellie and Stanley survey the mess.
The entire affair was a great success.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
Reed arrives to do his daily radio segment.
Ranges. 
Reed goes and meets Jill  his high-school crush.
They exchange.
Greetings and Reed invites her to be  saying that people of Mud Meadows will want to hear all about her life since she went to college.
She accompanies him to film a TV segment.
We then see Reed watching his TV segment.
Kate asks him details.
Reed halfheartedly responds.
The next day  Reed wakes up urging him to get to work and reminding him.
They have to go.
Reed goes and proceeds to begin interviewing Jill.
He mentions a rumor.
She was going.
A few people call.
Some to wish Jill good luck and some to ask Reed to help them.
Kate arrives and reminds Reed of their appointment.
The show finishes.
Kate  Jill  Frank  and Reed agree to all hang out that night.
The sound inexplicably cuts off.
Kate and Reed arrive.
The scene cuts sitting in an audience  watching the movie and complaining.
We see Reed hurriedly trying to fix it.
We then see a girl stand up and leave the room.
Reed follows her  and apologizes.
He makes it clear.
This girl is either the real Kate or the real Jill.
He does nt say.
She is.
He then says.
He knows he hurt her and he s sorry.
The movie is fixed.
We return.
Reed is nt excited.
He does nt care.
The scene cuts.
Reed and Jill go to get snacks.
Rex  Jill s ex-boyfriend  shows up and apologizes for throwing a hamburger at her head.
When they broke up.
Jill brushes the apology aside  saying.
It was a long time ago.
The five go to have a dance-off on a DDR type game.
Kate and Frank go home  saying.
They have to be the next morning.
Reed and Jill plan to go  but instead sneak up on Reed s neighbor s roof for stargazing.
As they did.
Jill confesses.
She secretly dropped out to become a songwriter.
The next day Reed visits a local bar and meets Andrew and Teresa  another young couple engaged to be married soon.
Jill appears.
Reed then encourages her to participate.
Jill sings an original song.
She wrote.
The performance is met to sing at their wedding.
Jill and Reed leave.
Reed begins kissing her.
Jill responds.
They break apart.
When a truck drives.
Reed goes and tells her he loves her.
He then begins crying.
Her and he just made out.
When Kate asks why  he says it s because he loves.
Kate becomes angry.
Reed says.
He might not be ready to get married.
Kate agrees.
Surprises Reed and prompts him to beg Kate to reconsider.
Kate removes her ring and says.
She wo nt marry someone who does nt want to get married.
The next day  Reed is plagued with hate calls.
He receives numerous letters.
Reed meets at a local diner.
She apologizes  but Reed assures her.
It is nt her fault.
Jill says.
She just wants to be friends  as she currently has a boyfriend named Gabe.
Jill decides to stay away to keep their lives from becoming complicated.
Jill and Reed reunite at Andrew and Teresa s wedding rehearsal.
They go out to eat and end up back.
Reed asks her.
They ca nt be together.
Jill mentions Gabe and then leaves.
Reed is an usher.
He meets Gabe  Jill s boyfriend.
Whom she brought.
They awkwardly greet each other.
Kate arrives.
She takes her seat.
The wedding begins  from Jill.
Reed goes down into the basement with a large bottle of wine.
Kate joins him  and confesses.
She was scared.
She begins crying  saying.
She knew that once the wedding occurred  she would have to deal that her mom is truly dead.
Reed consoles her.
They are seen heavily kissing and removing their clothing.
The next morning  Jill arrives and begins to say something  but stops.
When she sees Kate emerge.
Jill then gets angry and says.
She thought that he wanted to be.
Kate accuses Jill and tells Reed to just tell Jill.
He loves her.
Jill accuses Reed.
Kate again asks Reed just to tell Jill  but Reed chases  confronting her.
He loves her.
We see Kate being hit.
Reed does nt love her.
Jill yells.
Reed does nt love either  and storms off.
Kate follows  calling Reed an asshole and saying.
She was crazy.
The next morning  Maureen calls out.
He remains.
Frank tries to take over and fails.
They put.
Frank comes over and encourages him to come in.
Reed refuses.
Frank leaves.
Reed hears a townswoman.
She needs his help.
The woman asks him to call the fire department.
Reed finally arrives.
Reed explodes and starts cussing and telling her to call the animal control center herself.
Frank tries to stop Reed  resulting having a fight.
Frank storms out.
Later  Reed goes.
They make up.
Reed quits the radio show.
Frank takes over.
The movie ends m Reed Fish.
Who he is.
We see the audience again  clapping loudly.
Reed shakes the hand.
Who is played.
Reed accepts congratulations.
It is revealed that girl.
Who played Jill is actually Frank s girlfriend.
The girl  though  is gone.
Reed is looking.
Reed sticks his head out of the sunroof for some fresh air.
The real Kate joins him.
He thanks her now.
He gazes.
Reed is about to enter his house.
Where Reed and Jill stargazed.
The real Jill is there.
They make up and kiss.
<EOS>
The film depicts the adventures.
He tries to win the affections by claiming to personally know her favorite rock star  Screaming Lord Byron.
Rightfully disbelieving him  she challenges Vic to introduce her.
They make a date.
Where Vic attempts to sneak backstage to convince Mr Screaming to come say hello after the show.
Screaming does come after the show and says hello to him and the girl  but the girl and Screaming Lord Byron have already met.
She leaves.
Bowie breaks the fourth wall and asks the director.
They drive off.
The story changed.
<EOS>
Raman is a journalist.
Who exposes a smuggling and black money racket  which involves the high-profile and his son Narendran  and is about to go public.
The magazine is bought overnight.
He is beaten up.
When Raman reveals that he is about to start his own magazine.
Raman  his son Arun  and the spirit of the now-dead Kalyanaraman  travel to Japan for buying printing equipment.
To show Arun around.
Myilsamy and Muppaaththaa win a lucky draw to visit Japan  guided by Munusamy.
Raman meets Radha.
Who works.
They gradually fall  with the efforts of Kalyanaraman and Arun.
Meanwhile Narendran also travels to get rid of Raman.
He arrives back.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Darren Silverman  Wayne LeFessier  and J.
D.
McNugent best friends  form.
A Neil Diamond tribute band called Diamonds.
Darren meets a beautiful but domineering psychologist  Judith Fessbeggler  after a band gig.
Unfortunately  six weeks is still making Darren watch her change clothes.
Darren gets nothing.
Sleeping together is satisfying.
Judith isolates Darren  demands.
Darren quit the band  receive humiliating medical procedures  and attend relationship counseling.
Wayne and J.
D.
Decide to save Silverman by attempting to bribe her  arm wrestle her  and shock her with faked photographs of Darren cheating  all to no avail.
The friends  undaunted  try to reunite Darren.
When she returns to take her final vows as a nun.
When Darren and Judith announce their engagement  Wayne and J.
D.
Kidnap Judith.
His advice is.
When they visit Coach Norton.
They should just kill her.
Sandy s feelings are reawakened.
The pair s attempted date is ruined with Judith.
Sandy  disheartened  returns.
Darren snaps out and runs the 30 miles.
There to win her back.
Chained.
D.
S basement  Judith convinces J.
D.
He is gay.
She knocks him unconscious to steal his keys and escape  only to be tranquilized by Wayne.
Returned  Judith seduces Wayne into releasing one of her hands  so she escapes again.
She runs to see him kiss Sandy  but shames him into confessing his engagement to Judith.
Sandy  disheartened  returns again.
Darren has Wayne and J.
D.
Arrested. 
D.
And Wayne rush as a nun.
They convince her.
Darren still loves her.
They then kidnap Neil Diamond to help Darren and Sandy reunite.
Neil stalls the proceedings with song  Darren and Sandy reunite  and J.
Wayne and Judith beat each other up.
D.
Arrives holding Coach  and Coach asks him married and J.
When will he get.
D.
Says. 
He s gay.
Then Coach tells him.
He is as well.
The priest weds Darren to Sandy  Wayne to Judith  and J.
D.
To Coach  the entire cast sings Holly Holy.
<EOS>
Durga is  he is all set to marry her and settle down in life.
But things change.
When his brother Mohanakrishna gets killed.
Durga wants to settle the score.
<EOS>
Casper is fighting to retain control.
When Frank Janser  an honest man and mayoral hopeful  begins a strong anti-crime campaign.
Casper tasks Grace to dig up some dirt and ruin his chances of election.
Grace finds some dirt.
When he meets the man s sexy redheaded secretary  June Lyons.
He follows her.
Where she s picking up her red headed and equally sexy kleptomaniac sister Dorothy.
Ben Grace eventually falls and gives her incriminating evidence about his boss  causing violent Caspar to kill a well-known newspaperman  and leave the city.
Ben Grace takes  yet he has good instincts.
June is nervous.
Her sexually charged sister is attracted.
Caspar returns and shoots Ben several times.
The police enter the house and arrest Casper.
A wounded Ben is taken.
June and Dorothy follow.
<EOS>
A disparate group find themselves aboard a darkened  fog-enshrouded crewless boat  sailing to an unknown destination.
Their stories are revealed one.
Tom Prior  a prodigal son  discovers.
He s travelling  Tom s mother  Mrs Midget  whose identity the son does not know  is curious about how her son is doing  Mrs Cliveden-Banks  an affected socialite  chats with the steward Scrubby  Rev.
William Duke  a clergyman  is keen.
A young couple  Henry and Ann   wonder.
Who are facing an impossible love affair and find they can not live.
They ll be together forever.
The passengers slowly realize -- the one thing is.
What s going on.
They have.
They are all dead.
They are to either heaven or hell  during the course of the trip they will be judged.
Arriving  they sit awaiting judgment by Thompson  the examiner.
He will determine what sort or reward they receive in the next world.
But Henry and Ann   have not quite crossed over yet.
Who unsuccessfully committed suicide and now hover.
Scrubby  the ship s steward  has already been condemned to sail the ship  having successfully committed suicide.
Henry is eventually saved by his dog breaking a window pane  he calls to Ann  she revives.
Together they are rescued.
<EOS>
Rohit  Whiskey  and Kumar are childhood friends.
Rohit meets and falls in love with her.
Travelling. 
Subsequently  he meets.
Where they are properly introduced.
She too falls with him.
Unknowingly  Kumar also sends his proposal to Neena.
She rejects it.
Kumar is offended and   molests Neena.
Rohit and Kumar become enemies  have a fight.
Kumar loses sight.
Feeling  Neena refuses to marry him.
She is not worthy anymore.
Neena discovers.
She is pregnant and tries to commit suicide.
Rohit stops her and marries her in a nearby Shiv Mandir.
Rohit brings up the child.
Who is adored.
Kumar   comes to Rohit asking.
Who is now a known criminal.
Rohit slips out the information.
He and Rohit are having an argument.
The child is not his.
Kumar secretly records this information and blackmails him.
One day he kidnaps Rohit s son  Rohit goes.
Rohit is badly injured.
Then Neena comes and kills Kumar of with his own henchman s gun.
Rohit  Neena and their son live happily ever.
<EOS>
There was a civil strife.
Some loyal ministers and the king hid.
Order to protect the king.
This old house was known.
Whoever lived in the house shall die.
Mr and Mrs Tse went but died in it.
Their son Tse Tin Jun wanted to find out the truth  so he went to the house.
Another minister knew the king s hiding in the house.
He sent out a military force to kill the king.
Actually Mr and Mrs Tse pretended to die to deceive the public.
Tin Jun stood to fight against the rebels.
<EOS>
Porky Pig is caught and asks for lodgings at a nearby castle.
Traveling on his way to Dublin.
The caretaker  OToole  tells him.
No one inhabits the place.
Porky dismisses the remark  but then a mace accidentally falls and hits his head.
He loses consciousness.
OToole is revealed to be a pair of leprechauns disguised as a human being.
OPat  the first one  is very calm.
OMike  the second one  is frantic that Porky is.
OPat  being the Chief Leprechaun  convinces his partner.
He knows how to deal.
He is helped by a reunited OToole.
When Porky wakes up.
Who   gets accidentally divided in two again.
He mentions to the top half of OToole.
He has lost his lower half.
Seeing and hides.
OToole is actually two leprechauns  is terrified and runs.
Happens to be a trap door leading where Porky drops until he falls into the witness chair in a courtroom.
There the Leprechauns charge him.
Porky appreciates them as some nice shoes.
Soon he realizes.
They are cursed  as his feet begin a frantic Irish jig.
The shoes will not stop dancing.
They chase him and return themselves.
When he removes them.
He is danced.
He falls.
He wakes up to find himself in a puddle of water still standing.
Where he fell.
Panicked and disoriented  he runs away.
OToole watches.
Him run  shaking hands with a mischievous smile.
<EOS>
Missionary s widow Olivia Harwood is prevailed on to help nurse malarial patients on the lower decks.
There she meets the suavely handsome Mark Bellis.
Who has been taken ill.
The couple strike up a friendship.
Fully recovered.
The ship docks.
She has inherited.
He proceeds to work a smooth line  finding time to also use his charms on the more wordly and vulgar Kitty.
Still. 
Mark s past is revealed.
He reunites.
Things go awry.
They are forced  narrowly avoiding police bullets.
Returning  he tells her.
He intends to leave London to try to make good elsewhere.
However she has now fallen and is prepared to do anything to keep him with her.
The couple are.
Olivia is persuaded to insinuate herself.
She finds Susan and barely suppressed hysteria  worn down by the criticisms of the cold and sneering Henry.
Who agrees to employ her.
She immediately begins to pilfer stocks and bonds and small valuables from the Courtney household  passing them on to Mark to turn into cash.
Mark meanwhile has discovered an old bundle to Olivia  containing youthfully indiscreet descriptions of romantic dalliances and questionable moral conduct.
Realising  he believes.
Making public the contents would ruin the Courtneys  social reputation.
He has hit the financial jackpot.
As low  Olivia finds the notion too far down the road of criminality.
She has already sunk however.
She flees and looks into the possibility of a return to overseas missionary work  only to find.
A lone woman is not wanted.
She finds herself sheltering.
Where Mark somehow manages to track her down.
She falls for his blandishments and submits herself again to his control and instructions  blackmail and all.
Olivia returns and sets in motion the blackmail plan.
Gifts her a locket.
Was given by Olivia.
Unknown  Henry has become exasperated by Susan s apparent inability to produce the heir.
He craves  and is plotting to have her committed.
He has also employed a private detective  and has built up a dossier.
Who has managed to trace the missing stocks and bonds back.
Henry locks the horrified Susan.
She returns to step up the blackmail threat  but is countered by Henry confronting her with the information.
He has.
Would be more than enough to hang him.
A struggle ensues and Henry collapses.
Olivia releases Susan and tricks her.
Henry succumbs  the police are summoned.
The hopelessly confused and incoherent Susan makes.
What sounds to murder.
She is taken away to face the prospect of the gallows.
Mark announces his intention to take Olivia away  beyond the reach of British justice.
Olivia however is.
Matters take a fatal turn  wearing the incriminating locket.
When she runs.
All her illusions suddenly shattered  she finally realises.
She has all along been no more.
Keeping her own counsel  she waits.
The opportunity arises to take her ultimate revenge.
<EOS>
The plot involves a teenager  Frankie.
Who is left while his parents are vacationing in Europe.
Bogie happen upon a group of sexy Bohemian vampires led by Moondoggie along with his minions Sulka and Katrina and invite them to stay in Frankie s house for a few days in hopes of getting lucky.
He enlists the aid.
When Frankie learns that the threesome have some secrets.
Who teaches Frankie how to solve his vampire problems.
The film has attained cult-like status in cheek humor and its many references to the Beach Party films of Frankie Avalon and Annette Funicello.
Were hugely popular.
An appearance adds to the retro vibe of the film.
<EOS>
The ordinary life is destroyed.
When his daughter Jasmine is raped and murdered.
The police apprehended the prime suspect  laborer Anthony Lemaire.
He abducts Lemaire and brings him.
He is being brought by drugging the officer driving the transport vehicle.
Using a remote-controlled computer to conceal his location  Hamel calls the police to inform them.
He plans.
Hamel will give himself up to the police.
Police detective Mercure leads the investigation to discover Hamel s whereabouts.
Mercure himself suffered a personal tragedy.
When his wife was killed.
He becomes determined to stop Hamel.
Mercure acknowledges that the imprisonment has nt made his life more bearable.
He commits murder.
Hamel brutally tortures Lemaire.
Lemaire starts to accept his fate and mocks Hamel for not enjoying himself.
He inflicts painful injuries.
Lemaire eventually admits.
Hamel contacts informed.
A news station to have the families.
Hamel kidnaps her and forces her to see Lemaire.
When the mother disapproves of his actions.
The police locate Hamel s cabin.
Hamel gives himself up and lets.
Lemaire live.
A reporter asks him.
The police lead him away.
He still believes vengeance is right.
Hamel responds.
However   he gives the same answer.
When asked if he regrets what he s done.
<EOS>
Jack and his wife Rita  both professional therapists  live and work.
One night  one  Cosmo  unexpectedly turns up with young wife Arlie in tow.
And  the more tension builds over.
The more the couples talk and drink.
What personal issues are being shared.
<EOS>
Elmer  riding  makes his way to Jellostone National Park looking forward to rest and relaxation.
Elmer pitches a tent  and sets up camp.
However  he gets annoyed.
When Bugs unpitches and takes his tent  but gets it back  tied up.
Bugs welcomes Elmer to Jellostone then he pulls Elmer s hat.
Bugs ties up his fingers.
When Elmer reaches.
He tries to prevent Bugs  saying.
He ca nt get out.
However  Bugs does.
Get out  and mimics Elmer s weight and what he previously said  labeling it phooey.
Elmer lies down and soon falls fast asleep  muttering to himself.
Bugs then appears by Elmer s campsite.
He takes a pair  paints them black  puts them on Elmer s face and sets Elmer s alarm clock to go off.
Elmer now thinks it s night  so he goes  gets undressed and goes to bed.
Bugs then takes the glasses off and crows  making.
Elmer think that it s the next morning.
Bugs keeps the towel  causing Elmer to blindly follow the towel.
When Elmer goes to wash his face.
Elmer then almost falls off a cliff.
He then  looks view of the Grand Canyon.
Then realizes.
He s literally back to safety as he holds on to Bugs for dear life.
Bugs tells Elmer.
Was a close call.
Elmer tells Bugs Yeah  I think.
Somebody twicked me.
Bugs then admits and runs off.
He s the one pulling these gags.
However   he winds up running instead.
When he tries running.
The bear starts growling  and so Elmer turns  When confwonted by a gwizzwy bear  wie fwat on the gwound and pway dead.
Above all  wemain absowutewy motionwess.
Elmer sees.
As Bugs starts biting Elmer s foot.
What s going on and grabs his rifle.
Bugs runs away.
When the bear returns and Elmer ends up hitting the bear instead.
A chase then ensues.
Elmer realizes he s hit the wrong animal.
Both Elmer and the bear show their heads.
They re hiding behind.
Finally  the bear freaks Elmer out.
When he rides.
Eventually  Elmer gives up and quickly packs everything at first  the tree said tree back and shrugs to the audience.
Was next to put.
He stops back at the sign and reads it again.
This makes.
Him say that it s bawogney.
The park ranger then appears.
Which Elmer nervously says Hewwo and then chuckles nervously.
Elmer is then shown  and scwewy wabbit.
Where he s thankful that he s finally wid.
<EOS>
The story is set.
Pia is beautiful and wealthy.
She is the campus sweetheart.
Every guy is dreaming.
However  she is unhappy.
Her father constantly blames her  and makes all the decisions with regards to her future.
Eric  Pia s high school classmate  is intelligent and has a good heart  but lives.
Both have already died.
He is left.
Is. 
Eric works.
The school s janitor to support his studies  and to provide for his and his grandmother s needs.
He has always admired Pia but never really had the courage or the chance to even talk.
Pia and Eric s paths cross.
They belong.
When they share the same seat - Eric during the night and Pia during the day.
Eric becomes Pia s anonymous ` savior.
He answered Pia s school-related questions  and promised to always be there whenever she needed him.
Are they destined to be.
This has gone.
They were.
Luigi best  but  Alex.
Friend is Eric.
Alex is a tomboy.
Who has a crush.
She changed and blossomed into a beautiful girl  with Luigi falling in love with her.
<EOS>
The story describes an encounter.
These include Viscount Gilbert de Vareze   Gilbert s uncle Duke dArtelines  the family patriarch  dArtelines  man-hungry niece Valentine  and his other 22-year-old niece  Princess Jeanette.
Who owes Maurice a large amount for tailoring work.
Who has been a widow.
DArtelines has been unable to find Jeanette a new husband.
House hold also includes three aunts and an ineffectual suitor Count de Savignac.
Maurice custom-tailors clothing.
The Viscount s unpaid tailoring bills become intolerable.
Maurice travels.
He has a confrontation with Princess Jeanette.
He immediately professes his love.
She haughtily rejects him.
Gilbert introduces him.
When Maurice arrives.
Order to hide the truth.
Maurice is fearful at first  but changes his mind.
When he sees Jeanette.
He arouses Valentine s desire  charms the rest except for Jeanette  saves a deer s life during a hunt  and continues to woo Jeanette.
Staying. 
The Count de Savignac discovers.
Maurice is a fake.
The Viscount then claims.
Maurice is a royal who is traveling incognito.
Finally  Jeanette succumbs.
Whoever you are.
Whatever you are.
Wherever you are.
The family confronts him  only to catch him and Jeanette alone with Jeanette partially undressed.
When Maurice criticizes Jeanette s tailor.
Maurice explains.
He is redesigning Jeanette s riding outfit.
He proves this  but in the process he is forced to reveal his true identity.
Jeanette recoils from him and runs to her room on hearing.
He is a commoner.
The entire household is outraged.
Maurice leaves.
However   Jeanette struggles  finally realizes her mistake  and catches up to the train on horseback.
A train carries him back.
She rides ahead and stands.
When the engineer refuses to stop the train.
The train stops  Maurice jumps out.
The two lovers embrace.
Steam envelops them.
<EOS>
Countess Angelina  ruler of Bergamo in southeastern Europe  marries Mario  a baron.
She has known.
Mario flees.
When the castle is threatened.
The paintings in the ancestral gallery come to life.
Their subjects ask Francesca  Angelina s great-great-great-great-grandmother  to save the castle.
As she did.
Francesca observes Teglash leading the advancing army and finds.
Herself attracted.
Teglash is puzzled.
When he sees her portrait.
She is wearning an ermine coat.
Angelina greets Teglash.
Who flirts when he learns her bridegroom has escaped.
She makes it clear.
She respects her marriage vows and is concerned.
Angelina s servant Luigi  seeing  tells Teglash.
Smitten the colonel is.
Three hundred years earlier  Francesca retained control when a tyrannical duke attempted to seize it.
Via flashback  we see her  barefoot and  present herself to the duke and accompany him into his tent.
Francesca departs  leaving the duke  with a dagger in his back  lying dead on his bed.
Luigi tells the colonel.
She killed the duke because she feared she was falling in love with him.
Disguised  Mario returns to the castle but runs off.
When soldiers come to investigate.
Teglash  unaware but impressed by his musical ability  decides to spare Mario s life and make him his personal gypsy.
When he is captured.
He offers to free him.
When he realizes he is Angelina s husband.
She dines that night.
She fails to rendezvous.
Francesca visits Teglash.
He is asleep  prompting a dream in which Angelina joins him and demands a kiss.
She removes a knife and throws it at the clock  effectively stopping time.
She embraces him.
The two acknowledge their love and   they fly up and crash.
The gallery portraits look on.
The following morning  Teglash awakens to find the knife still.
Angelina arrives.
Teglash tells her.
He is freeing her husband and then describes his dream  touching her.
She assures him.
When Mario arrives.
She had nothing to do.
Time passes.
Teglash still mourns the loss.
One night   she arrives and falls asleep.
He is asleep.
Teglash revisits his prior dream  but this time the knife falls.
Angelina stabs him.
He awakens and finds Angelina.
Who tells him Mario has left her and proposes they wed.
That night  the portraits come to life once again to celebrate their union with song and dance.
<EOS>
A film director and his son start a journey.
Where half was filmed.
They try to find the right highway to reach the village  meanwhile they cross paths with several locals and ask directions often to reach their goal.
Most have been damaged or blocked by the earthquake.
Have experienced the damage.
They finally reach one of the villages.
Which the film was staged  they visit one and stay near him for a while.
Both father and son visit the destroyed village and hear more stories.
Who survived  a young married couple that lost their relatives in the disaster but decided to marry anyways since the dead did not foresee their demise.
The scene is a focal point of the third film of the Koker trilogy  Through the Olive Trees.
Later find one of the kids and take him to the tents.
Played a part.
Where most stay.
The son wants to watch the final match of the Football World Cup with the other kids.
His father decides to leave him there and come back later to pick him up.
He discusses there.
Were victims.
They have to move on.
He passes a man carrying a tank and goes up.
The director struggles to reach the town.
He is unable to continue.
The man helps him to restart the engine and then he seemingly leaves.
The man goes uphill walking.
The director s car races several meters.
The director picks the.
He makes it.
The movie goes black.
<EOS>
Rahul Sharma is a compulsive gambler and while betting  wins 3 crore rupees.
That night he asks his girlfriend  Nafisa  to marry him.
She says yes.
Right Rahul collapses.
The next day he goes and finds out.
He has cancer.
Rahul does not know and so runs down a street screaming  knowing.
To handle this situation.
He only has months to live.
Later  Rahul finds.
Rahul silently runs away  leaving back most of the money  for her.
He earned.
He meets several people  she ca nt even walk properly  Govinda a comic loving kid  said to have certain higher capabilities.
Rahul gets.
Who speaks now  Padma a teenage girl with lot of dreams  but no life to fulfil them.
Who is.
Everybody treats him.
The relationship and each of these persons grow with time  and one day Rahul coughs hard and struggles for breath.
He goes and falls down there.
Next day  Govinda offers.
When Rahul wakes up.
Him mangoes.
He tells him a story.
The story was similar.
Which he imagines himself.
He is in a mission to free many souls  and to get the keys of those locks  he needs to find a key of a box.
Who are.
Which all the keys are there.
Rahul imagines himself to be Indiana Jones  and Parthasarathy  Madhu etc.
As the locked spirits  and Padma.
Who motivates Rahul to find the key.
Later  he realizes.
The key to open the box is his heart only.
His love is the key to open all the other chainlocks.
He then arranges a beach program  in the program  he brings a band troupe.
Who sings a song.
Noted actor Shreyas Talpade appears.
Rahul asks everybody to write down their one wish and put it in a pot.
Then he and Padma exchanges their wishes.
They together fulfils everybody s wishes.
Meanwhile Rahul and Padma were about to be  but Rahul regrets and rejects.
Padma gets angry and throws off her wig.
Then only we come to know.
The teenage girl is bald  due.
Then Padma s condition gets worse.
Rahul looks.
He finds.
Her last wish is to make love.
Rahul agrees and kisses Padma.
She dies.
Later  Rahul finds an Indiana Jones costume.
He had wished.
Later  Rahul s condition gets worse.
Nafisa re-enters the story.
It is revealed and asked her to look.
Padma had called Nafisa.
Meanwhile  Rahul is.
Govinda had told him to find.
He then realizes.
The Naksha is.
The closing scene shows Rahul and Nafisa going in a car  presumably they might have decided to spend the final days of his life near that waterfall.
<EOS>
Pandian and Arun are police officers.
Pallavi is a drug addict.
She could not stop her habit eventhough her brother Arun pleads.
One day Arun locks her up.
She dies.
She could nt use the habitual drugs.
Devastated Arun decides to take revenge  but gets killed by Mohandas at airport restroom.
Sudha s young brother happens to watch this murder but is terrified to make this public.
Pandian zeroes as witness.
Who is.
She refuses.
But  she decides to help Pandian  but now Pandian gets.
When Madhuri pleads her help.
Forcefully make him a drug addict.
The climax reveals.
Whether Pandian can nab the drug lord and complete the revenge.
<EOS>
Eleanor Nell Vance has cared.
Her sister evicts her.
Her mother dies.
Nell receives a phone call  directed by Dr David Marrow at Hill House  a secluded manor in the Berkshires of western Massachusetts  and applies for it.
She meets Mr and Mrs Dudley  a strange pair of caretakers.
Two other participants arrive  Luke Sanderson  and the bisexual Theodora  along.
Unknown  Dr Marrow s true purpose is to study the psychological response to fear  intending to expose his subjects to increasing amounts of terror.
Each night  the caretakers chain the gate  preventing anyone from getting in or out until morning.
Dr Marrow relates the story of Hill House.
The house was built.
Crain built the house  hoping to populate it with a large family of children  however  all of Crain s children died during birth.
Crain s wife died.
The house was finished.
Crain became a recluse.
Marrow s assistant s face is slashed by a snapped clavichord wire.
The freak accident causes Marrow s research assistants to leave.
Theo and Nell begin to experience strange phenomena.
Nell sees apparitions.
The others do nt believe her.
Hugh Crain s wood portrait morphs and is vandalized with the words Welcome Home Eleanor written in blood.
Nell becomes determined to prove.
The house is haunted.
She learns.
Crain took children and murdered them  then burned the bodies in the fireplace  trapping their spirits and forcing them to remain with him  providing him with an ` eternal family.
She also learns.
Crain had a second wife named Carolyn  from whom she is descended.
Nell insists.
She can not leave the souls to suffer for eternity at Crain s hands.
Trying to convince the obviously mentally-unbalanced Eleanor to leave the house  Theo offers to let Nell move in with her.
Nell reveals her relation and claims.
She must help the children pass on.
Hugh Crain s spirit seals up the house  trapping them all inside.
A frustrated Luke defaces a portrait.
Crain s enraged spirit drags Luke.
Where he is decapitated.
Nell is able to lead Crain s spirit.
Avenging spirits pull Crain  dragging him down to Hell.
Nell is pulled  inflicting fatal trauma on her body.
The spirits gently release her.
Her soul rises up.
Theo and Dr Marrow wait by the gate outside.
The Dudleys come.
The Dudleys approach.
The sun rises.
Mr Dudley asks Dr Marrow  but the traumatized psychiatrist does not give an answer.
He found what he wanted to know.
Neither does Theo.
The two silently walk out and down the road  leaving Hill House.
When the gate opens.
<EOS>
One morning  Pink is sleeping.
His alarm clock goes off.
Pink thinks  so he picks it up.
The sound is the telephone.
Nobody is answering  so he puts it back.
Again the alarm clock goes off.
Pink picks up and puts down the telephone.
The alarm clock goes off again at 0701 AM.
So Pink grabs the telephone and snaps the plug.
He realizes.
The alarm clock is ringing.
So he turns it off.
Later  Pink sees a man selling toy ducks.
One wanders away and goes near Pink.
He s standing.
Pink suddenly sees the duck.
Pink saves the duck.
Pink then traps the duck.
The can starts to move  making Pink flee.
Then he runs.
It turns out that Pink is hiding.
Back  Pink puts the duck in a box and sends it to Japan.
Pink is looking out the window.
The seasons go.
It is raining.
The scene then cuts.
A few months later Pink receives a package.
He sent.
Pink next takes the duck.
Suddenly Pink sees a mother duck and her three ducklings.
The duck joins them.
Pink is sad again.
Pink is again looking out the window  Autumn passes  Winter passes.
Pink comes to the door and is happy to see the duck.
Pink realizes.
The duck has been.
The duck invites 6 other ducks friends from around the world to Pink s house to play.
<EOS>
Kuzmich Iordanov do.
Not work  drinks alcohol  makes up his living.
They call him up at one of the Militia department to shame him and to threaten him with some jail time because of his parasitiั type of living his life.
All that staff does not seem to bother him much.
One time Kuzma agrees to help one old lady to deliver a washing machine.
He accidentally drops it and while running downstairs trying to catch it he stumbles and gets hurt bad enough so they have to take him.
The same old lady comes and visits him.
He was delivering this washing machine.
He gets scared thinking.
She came to talk about the washing machine that he broke but as he realizes later she actually came to see if he was doing fine.
She tells him her life story  as well as the story.
They talk.
Kuzma desides to go out there and try to pretend to be Natasha s father.
Natasha indeed thinks.
This is her father and so truly believes so  that Kuzma decides to become a different person and stay.
He does want to live a different life now but to make somebody s life better.
That poor girl really thinks he is her father - that changes Kuzma and not.
He becomes a new man opposed.
<EOS>
Babe and Kate are sweethearts.
They live.
Where there are laws which prohibit both romancing and babies.
A new mother arrives.
The mother leaves her baby  at Kate s doorstep.
Kate and Babe try to hide the baby.
Gets passed from person to person until it is reunited with the mother.
<EOS>
Former college classmates Martha Dobie and Karen Wright open a private school.
Martha s Aunt Lily  an aging actress  lives and teaches elocution.
Karen finally agrees to set a wedding date.
Joe is related.
Whose granddaughter Mary is a student.
Mary is a spoiled  conniving child  particularly Rosalie Wells.
Who often bullies her classmates.
Whom she blackmails when she discovers her stealing another student s bracelet.
Karen punishes her.
When Mary is caught.
Furious  the young girl exacts her revenge  a tale based on fragments of a quarrel Mary s roommates accidentally overheard.
She tells her grandmother.
She observed the two women kissing each other.
The woman immediately informs the other parents.
Who rapidly withdraw their daughters  leaving Karen and Martha mystified about the sudden exodus.
Karen angrily confronts Mrs Tilford  together.
When one father finally explains what is happening.
Mary repeats her story and coerces Rosalie.
The two women sue Mrs Tilford but lose their case.
The reputation is destroyed.
When the story is circulated.
Only Joe keeps with them.
He offers to take them away and start a new life.
However  his trust is shaken.
He asks her.
The rumors are true.
Karen ends their engagement  claiming.
She needs time to think everything over.
She confesses and   had finally realized the extent of her hitherto-repressed feelings.
When Martha learns.
She had always felt more than friendship.
She breaks down  blaming herself for ruining both of the women s lives.
Rosalie s mother discovers a cache.
The two girls are questioned.
Mrs Tilford learns and visits the two teachers.
The story was a fabrication.
She apologizes and assures them  they not only will be cleared of all charges but will be well-compensated for the trouble.
The court case is reopened.
She caused.
Feeling the damage can not be undone  Karen refuses to accept the apology.
Afterwards  she briefly talks about their future  and suggests going somewhere far away to start a new life together.
Martha tells Karen.
She would rather talk in the morning.
Karen leaves the house to take a walk.
Martha hangs herself.
Karen walks away alone.
Joe watches her.
<EOS>
Han Mi-yeong meets Choi Su-hyeon and falls with him.
However  unknown  he also begins to seduce her two sisters Han Seon-yeong and Han.
The two sisters are captivated and are unable to resist him.
<EOS>
It has often been wrongly stated.
The action is set in Nazi-controlled Austria  though Bandrika may be seen as a substitute for such.
Bandrika s fictitious language has similarities.
It is unlikely to be Hungary.
Three are Zolnay  Dravka  and Morsken.
A motley group is delayed by an avalanche.
Has blocked the railway tracks.
A folk singer plays a tune al fresco.
Catches the attention.
The folk singer is suddenly silenced -- apparently murdered.
The Lady Vanishes  All Aboard.
Iris and Miss Froy become acquainted.
When the train resumes its journey.
The remaining passengers appear not to understand a word of English.
Iris lapses meant for Miss Froy.
The governess has vanished.
When Iris reawakens.
She is shocked to learn.
The other passengers claim Miss Froy never existed.
The other English travelers deny ever seeing her.
Fellow passenger Doctor Egon Hartz convinces everyone.
Iris must have hallucinated the scene to her head.
Undaunted  Iris starts to investigate  joined only  with.
Whom she eventually falls.
They discover.
Miss Froy is being held prisoner by a seriously ill patient being transported to an operation.
They manage to free her.
The train is diverted.
Where a shootout ensues.
Miss Froy intimates  after entrusting her message to Gilbert  she flees under cover of the shootout.
She is in fact a British spy assigned to deliver some vital information.
Gilbert and Iris return to London.
Gilbert  driven to joyful distraction  forgets the tune.
When Iris accepts his marriage proposal.
The coded folk song is heard.
As it appears the message has been lost.
Fortunately  Miss Froy had been able to escape  and is revealed playing the song.
The plot differs considerably from White s novel.
Miss Froy really is an innocent old lady looking forward to seeing her octogenarian parents  she is abducted.
She knows something that would cause trouble if it came out.
Iris  mental confusion is due to sunstroke  not a blow.
The wheel keeps spinning  the train never stops.
There is no final shootout.
Additionally  the supporting cast differs somewhat   in the novel  the Gilbert character is Max Hare  a young English engineer building a dam in the hills.
Who knows the local language.
There is also a modern-languages professor character and Max s interpreter.
Who acts.
Who does not appear.
The characters Charters.
Caldicott were created  and do not appear in the novel.
The story was used again  in the episode Into Thin Air.
<EOS>
Summer Time Machine Blues is based in a science-fiction club.
Who spend their days fooling around.
The boys play a game.
Their friend Yui Ito takes pictures nearby.
The boys return to the clubhouse and head off to the bathhouse leaving the girls  Yui and Haruka to develop their pictures.
Niimi gets angry.
They bathe.
He thinks someone stole his Vidal Sassoon shampoo.
Takuma decides to sneak off to buy tickets at the theater for a sci-fi B movie.
He hopes.
He can ask Haruka out.
But  his friends act very strangely as.
When he returns.
Where he has been.
They make.
Him explain what happened.
Daigo accidentally spills Coke all over the air-conditioner remote control after being hit in the face.
Everyone rushes to try to clean the remote off.
It s too late.
The remote is broken.
They can not turn.
This immediately becomes a problem.
The day becomes hotter.
The remote apparently can not be repaired  so the boys give it to try to fix.
It is too old.
They look but only find broken ones.
Back  the boys discover a strange boy in the room.
Who hurriedly escapes  leaving.
They fool.
It is a time machine.
The boys decide to travel.
It was broken.
But as soon  they run beyond their control.
They step back one day.
<EOS>
Captain Jordan Strider  a Special Forces Officer in the New World Alliance  is chosen for a top-secret mission.
Sent to arrest possible traitors to the Alliance  Strider must survive with only a government issued experimental suit as protection.
Eventually Strider discovers  The mission is an experiment to test the suit.
He has been double crossed.
He can not take off.
<EOS>
A New Zealand army officer  Captain George Scott  is caught cheating at cards and brutally beats a fellow officer.
Disgraced and discharged  he joins the clergy and falls with the beautiful Ruth Clarke.
Whose brother has embezzled a large amount and is going to be arrested.
He robs the Edgerton Bank  and arranges to leave by boat to England.
The police arrive he is wounded and arrested.
He gets and although he attempts to swim away.
Constables Ryan and Mae have their first case.
Scott later escapes by strangling a warden and releasing another prisoner.
He becomes a bushranger  forming a gang.
Includes Ruth s brother.
He saves  then goes on the gold escort  distributing some of this money to the poor.
An aboriginal gin called Bunda Bunda.
Moonlite and his gang go on to stick up a country pub.
The police send Inspector Carroll and his men.
Moonlite s gang hold up Wantabadgery Station.
Carroll gives chase but they are fought off.
Bunda Bunda saves Moonlite s life.
Ryan and Mac make a capture.
Bunda Bunda shoots the tracker.
Eventually Moonlite is captured out by Inspector Carroll.
Which Bunda Bunda is killed.
He is taken away to gaol to be executed.
All Ruth is left.
Is his cross.
<EOS>
Finding Kraftland is structured in Kraftland.
Is the name.
The real focus is the bond.
The host  Stacey  continually bounces around.
Develops. 
Richard remarks.
When Nicky was born  he did nt know what to make  saying he felt as though an alien being was living with him.
He then goes on to say  he realizes.
Around the time Nicky turns.
He is the most interesting person.
This begins a whirl-wind love affair.
Sees the two trek in order to ride every roller coaster  launch themselves into a zero-gravity flight  and generally seek as many thrills as life has to offer.
This story unfolds.
Richard s collection  which consists  is displayed and poured over by Stacy.
The other story line is Richard s relationship and older brother  David Kraft.
Develops. 
Who died due to Crohns Disease.
The documentary comes.
When it is discovered that Richard has also developed Crohn s.
<EOS>
Seventeen-year-old Catherine Morland  daughter  is a tomboy with a wild imagination and a passion for Gothic novels.
Family friends Mr and Mrs Allen  invite Catherine to spend the season.
She readily accepts.
Catherine meets and dances with Henry Tilney.
The following day  Catherine makes the acquaintance.
She becomes good friends.
She meets Isabella s brother  John.
When she is reunited.
John flirts at a ball.
She is more interested.
Catherine is pressured into riding to Blaise Castle  despite her having made plans for a walk with Henry and Eleanor.
John assures her.
He saw Henry driving a phaeton.
She sees the Tilneys walking along the street.
Catherine is.
Catherine asks John to stop  knowing.
He lied.
He refuses.
Catherine runs at the opera and makes her apologies  before planning another walk.
John tells Henry s father  General Tilney.
Catherine is the Allens  heir.
The General invites her to spend the day.
Catherine is delighted.
When she learns Henry and Eleanor love books as much as she does.
Isabella tells Catherine.
She and James are engaged.
James and John announce  John leaves believing.
They are to leave Bath and after talking about marriage with Catherine.
She is.
Isabella catches the eye and flirts with him.
She learns how low James  income will be.
General Tilney invites Catherine to stay at Northanger Abbey.
She accepts.
Catherine tells her friend to write and explains.
When Isabella tells Catherine that John is going to propose.
He is mistaken.
Isabella continues to flirt.
Frederick and Catherine asks Henry to convince his brother to leave her alone.
However  he tells Catherine.
Frederick will be leaving town soon.
Catherine states.
Northanger Abbey looks exactly as she imagined it and she becomes intrigued.
Catherine starts to believe.
General Tilney murdered his wife.
Henry catches her and becomes offended.
When he realises what she has been thinking.
Catherine apologises and Henry tells her.
Perhaps it is possible to read too many novels.
Catherine receives a letter.
Which he reveals that his engagement has been called off.
She allowed Frederick to seduce her.
Eleanor explains.
Her brother has no intention.
Catherine gets a letter  asking her to apologise to James for her.
Catherine states.
She will do no such thing.
General Tilney returns home away.
Orders Eleanor to send Catherine home that night.
Catherine endures the trip alone and believes.
Henry told the General.
A few days later  Henry comes and explains.
The General discovered that Catherine s family were not as rich as John led him to believe.
He apologises and explains.
Even though he will probably be disinherited  he loves Catherine and proposes.
Catherine accepts.
They couple marry.
<EOS>
A ski resort has its annual winter carnival.
Spoiled. 
The local sheriff believes.
The culprit is a legendary creature  a Yeti or Sasquatch.
The owner says.
There is no such being because she does nt want to lose her business.
Either way  the creature must be stopped.
It is continuing its attacks.
The Yeti attacks Gar Seberg.
Who shoots it.
However  the Yeti survives the shots  and  out  Gar picks up a ski pole and impales the beast  causing it to fall off a mountain  killing it.
Gar and his wife  Ellen Seberg embrace happily.
The rest looks on.
<EOS>
The film is set  during Yuan Shikai s presidency of the Republic of China.
It depicts the adventures  Tsao Wan  a patriotic rebel  Sheung Hung  a woman in search of a missing box of jewels  and Pat Neil  the daughter of a Peking Opera impresario.
Who dresses.
<EOS>
The FBI hires.
A former mafia hit man to track down and bring.
The man also comes.
<EOS>
Discovering  Gomez organizes a family reunion  hoping.
His grandparents have developed Waltzheimer s disease.
Some branch will find a cure.
Unfortunately  the company arranging the reunion misspells his surname and reunites him instead  including Dr Philip Adams.
Who plans to poison his father and rearrange his will.
Gomez hopes  Morticia spends time  Fester and Thing do their best to capture Butcher  a mutated puppy.
Dr Adams can cure his grandparents.
Who feeds.
Pugsley falls with a girl named Gina.
<EOS>
It is wartime.
Lt.
Rip Crandall  an expert yachtsman  now based at Townsville  Queensland  Australia  is surprised to be assigned command of a sailing ship  the USS Echo.
The only crew member is eager young Ensign Tommy Hanson.
Who knows how to work a ship.
Who cost Crandall a yacht race before the war.
Crandall tries to refuse this dubious command  but Hanson and Lt.
Commander Vandewater wear down his resistance.
Vandewater points and advises.
If he does nt take this command  he ll probably never get another.
Hanson takes Crandell.
He ll feel guilty.
The Echo barely makes out it out  sailing straight into a storm.
Crandall is supposed to train a replacement to deliver a coast watcher named Patterson.
When it arrives.
Only a shallow-draft vessel can reach.
However  the replacement commander strikes Crandall to handle this kind of mission  so he takes the ship out under his own command to deliver Patterson.
Making the crossing  Crandall and his crew are spotted and photographed by an enemy plane.
A Japanese force boards the scow and captures the landing party.
They are delivering their passenger.
When they return.
Crandall manages to rally his men to take the ship back.
He is then faced.
Whether to radio a warning  even though that will give away their position to guns on shore.
He sends the warning and abandons ship.
The guns open fire and destroy her.
The crew survives to be rescued.
Crandall is given command whilst Hanson gains command of a sub chaser for their role in helping to win the Battle of the Bismarck Sea.
<EOS>
Ramon is a sexually active gay man.
His best friend Esperanza is a single woman.
Who ca nt seem to meet or like any men unless they are gay.
Some would call Esperanza a fag hag.
She simply has great taste  she likes them gay.
She does nt mind.
She knows that she has Ramon s heart.
That is.
Ramon meets her fellow teacher  Roberto.
Their relationship endangers the precious bond.
These two have formed.
This colorful and somewhat hyper-active film is.
There s always plenty to keep the eyes and ears happy.
It s a tender and intimate peek.
One seldom sees.
It seems.
If Madrid is teeming  after seeing Amor de Hombre it should be a stop in every gay man s life.
<EOS>
The survivors are divided between those.
Who live.
A group comes across a mysterious village.
The adventurers decide to settle in town after discovering a large amount of food  a greenhouse with various fruit trees and a reservoir of drinking water.
The following night hundreds and hundreds are ready to attack them one by one.
<EOS>
Jack Flynn is driving down a highway  looking at a bracelet.
He has bought his daughter.
Suddenly he hits something and his vehicle crashes.
The next morning  his teenage daughter Carol  concerned  convinces her boyfriend Mike to go looking for him.
Her bad-dog father did nt come home last night.
They find his crashed truck and the bracelet  but not his body.
Thinking he crawled  they investigate.
They fall onto the gigantic orb web of an enormous spider  a Mexican redleg tarantula.
Emerges to get them.
They manage to escape and make it back.
Carol and Mike have a hard time convincing the Sheriff  but with the help of their science teacher  Mr Kingman  the missing man s body is discovered drained of fluid.
They go take a look and when they are again.
The spider attacks again convincing the sheriff.
Who orders large amounts to kill the giant spider  and appears successful.
The apparently lifeless body is taken back to town to the high school gym.
Where Kingman wants to study it.
A group uses the gym to practice rock and roll numbers.
They are going to play.
They begin.
Other teenagers enter the gym.
Dancing and the giant tarantula regains consciousness and the kids run out.
The spider breaks out and terrorizes the town  killing a number of people.
It heads back.
It also pays Mrs Kingman and her baby an unwelcome visit.
Her husband   bangs the creature at its leg and leads it from the house.
The Sheriff along decide to use dynamite to seal the spider in.
They discover.
Carol and Mike are looking for the bracelet her father had bought her  which she had lost the first time in the cave.
The spider chases them out.
Kingman acquires a couple.
They run cables.
The tarantula is descending to get at the trapped teenagers.
Kingman throws Mike one  and then they turn on the juice and electrocute the spider.
The arachnid falls  impaling itself.
<EOS>
Chip n Dale discover a peanut.
Collecting acorns.
Had been thrown.
Guests feed.
Donald Duck takes care of  Dolores the elephant.
Chip n Dale try to steal peanuts.
Their theft is discovered.
Chip n Dale cover themselves and successfully convince Donald.
They belong  where they are fed peanuts.
<EOS>
Raja Aur Runk is the story.
Two children  born - one to the king  Raja Sahib and one to the poor man Hariya.
The king is thrilled to the throne.
Hariya is cynical.
Both the children grow up looking identical.
There is a constant contrast.
One day  Raja runs away and somehow ends up in the palace.
Where he meets Yuvraj.
Both the boys discover.
Different their lives are.
Being tempted to see the world outside  Yuvraj changes identities and leaves the palace.
Both boys now struggle to adjust to their new identity.
Raja s mother and sister Sujjo.
The King is also very distressed.
Sudhir comes in and turns.
This Prasad Productions  costume drama has effective performances.
The hit team created melodious songs like ` Tu Kitni Achchi Hai  O Maa    O Phirkiwali   ` Mera Naam Hai Chameli  and ` Sang Basanti Ang Basanti.
<EOS>
International diplomats take part.
<EOS>
Kony is an inspiritational story.
Who fight all odds to achieve their aims.
Khidda is a swimming coach.
Who teaches swimming.
He picks Kony and grooms her to be part of the Bengal Swimming team to compete at the National Swimming Championship.
However  politics  poverty and social stigma emerges.
<EOS>
Main Tulsi Tere Aangan Ki is.
Who is.
Tulsi sacrifices her life  some time.
She wants Sanjukta to have her husband all.
Rajnath and Sanjukta send Ajay to boarding school to prevent him.
Sanjukta and Rajnath have a son  Pratap.
Rajnath dies.
Sanjukta makes regular visits and   she brings him home.
When he grows up.
Ajay is now played.
Sanjukta makes Ajay.
Therefore  is entitled to respect.
However  her own son Pratap feels slighted and becomes wayward.
Some people also try to further damage the relations between the two brothers.
However   Ajay protects him and takes the blame.
Sanjukta  not knowing the actual situation  gets disturbed.
She blames Ajay for every wrong thing.
Actually has been done.
Ajay leaves the house.
But soon thereafter  the situation changes and the men standing feel deceived.
He lets them down.
These men try to kill Pratap.
Ajay   rescues his brother.
Who comes to know.
Then  Pratap realizes his stepbrother s kindness.
He surrenders and accepts him as the elder brother.
The family reunites.
<EOS>
Group goes for the mission of saving American politicians.
Who were kidnapped and are hold.
Tough-guy lieutenant Andrew Peers command the action.
It s revealed.
There s a traitor.
Consequently American soldiers are betrayed and captured.
Who then interrogated.
Brutally tortured team s lead Andrew.
<EOS>
The town  home of Tamil-speaking cowboys  is ruled by a one-eyed tyrant.
Kelakku Kattai  who rules as well  is always surrounded by his assistants Pakki and Ulakkai.
Four men travel to seek out a savior.
Order to free their town.
There  they encounter Singaram  a man.
Who has been sentenced for negligence of duty.
The gang saves Singaram and explains their situation.
Singaram learns  the previous marshal  the brave Singam  the only one  bore a striking resemblance to Singaram.
He was chosen.
Who stood up.
Singam disappeared ago.
The town was left defenseless.
Thus Singaram is brought and passed off as Singam.
Singaram learns to adapt  learning all of the hero s skills and tricks.
He wins the respect.
A girl Baali falls.
Soon he surpasses the original hero s prowess.
Initially it is due.
Camp is a Red Indian village.
Where the tribals are pure vegetarians.
Thumbi are also introduced.
The gist find a map.
Is hidden.
But it is only one half.
They have.
They have to find the other half for treasure.
Is preserved and hidden somewhere far away.
But the villain  Nasser has other plans.
He negotiates a deal.
Does the Marshall Singam along find the treasure.
<EOS>
The film begins  immediately following called the Anthill.
This is a scene in which General George Broulard  a member  asks his subordinate  the ambitious General Mireau  to send his division on a suicide mission to take a well-defended German position.
Mireau initially refuses the commission  citing the impossibility to his beloved soldiers.
Mireau quickly convinces himself.
When Broulard mentions a potential promotion.
The attack will succeed.
Mireau proceeds to walk  addressing his men.
He asks several soldiers  Ready to kill more Germans.
Mireau leaves the detailed planning to the 701 s Regiment Colonel Dax  despite Dax s protests.
The only result will be to weaken the French Army with heavy losses for no benefit.
Mireau does not relent.
A drunken lieutenant named.
Roget sends one ahead as a scout.
Overcome.
Waiting  he lobs a grenade and retreats.
The other soldier -- Corporal Paris -- finds the body.
Having safely returned  he confronts Roget.
Roget denies any wrongdoing  and falsifies his report.
The next morning  the attack proceeds  beginning with a first wave of soldiers  and with Dax leading  but ends in disaster  none of the men reach the German trenches.
One-Third refuse to leave the trench because of heavy enemy fire.
Mireau  enraged  orders his own artillery to open fire to force them onto the battlefield.
The artillery commander refuses to fire without written confirmation of the orders.
Meanwhile  Dax returns  and tries to rally B Company to join the battle.
The body knocks him down  it becomes obvious.
He climbs out.
The attack has failed.
To deflect blame  Mireau decides to court martial 100 of the soldiers for cowardice.
Broulard convinces him to reduce the number.
Corporal Paris is chosen.
Roget  wishes to keep him.
Private Ferol is picked.
He is a social undesirable.
The last man  Private Arnaud  is chosen randomly  despite having been cited for bravery twice previously.
Dax   volunteers to defend the men.
Who was a criminal defense lawyer.
Unfortunately  the entire trial is a farce and can accurately be described.
E. 
The rights are repeatedly violated.
There is no specific and formal statement of the charges against them at the commencement of the trial  no verbatim stenographic record of the trial proceedings is being created.
Compelling evidence is not permitted to be heard.
Would support acquittal.
Dax challenges the court s authenticity  and requests mercy  saying  Gentlemen of the court  to find these men guilty would be a crime to haunt each of you.
The day you die.
The three men are sentenced  nonetheless.
Later  Dax  aware.
Roget picked Paris to be executed.
Horrified  Roget protests.
Dax dismisses him curtly.
Captain Rousseau  the artillery commander  arrives to tell Dax.
Who had earlier refused Mireau s order to fire.
Dax then crashes a formal ball  providing sworn statements  but is brusquely dismissed.
Where he privately informs Broulard.
The next morning  the three condemned men are led out  among soldiers from all three companies and senior officers.
Arnaud  injured  is carried out on a stretcher and tied to the execution post.
A sobbing Ferol is blindfolded.
Paris is offered a blindfold  but refuses.
Roget meekly apologizes for  eliciting an ambiguous response.
What he has done.
All three men are then shot and killed.
Broulard has breakfast with the gloating Mireau.
Dax enters  invited.
Broulard then reveals.
Mireau will be investigated to fire on his own men.
Mireau denies having made such an order and leaves angrily  declaring.
He has been made a scapegoat.
Broulard then offers Dax Mireau s command  claiming.
Dax had been angling.
Dax turns down the promotion and responds angrily.
Broulard ridicules Dax  saying  Broulard adds.
He pities him as he would the village idiot.
He s done no wrong.
Dax replies.
He pities the general.
Some of Dax s soldiers are loudly enjoying an entertainer.
When the performer brings a young German woman and makes her sing the German folk song The Faithful Hussar.
The hardened troops begin  but  touched by her song  they end up humming along  some openly weeping.
Dax overhears this scene.
A sergeant appears.
The regiment has been ordered to return immediately.
Dax tells him to give the men a few minutes more.
His face hardens.
He returns.
<EOS>
Sandy  Boo  Scollop and Robbie drive to the beaches north of Sydney for a surfing weekend.
The boys are planning to give Sandy a memorable ` one last fling.
Tension flares.
When Sandy decides not to join.
Boo seduces Caroline  the teenage daughter of a caravan park owner and comes looking for Boo with a gun.
Who discovers what has happened.
<EOS>
The film compresses the events somewhat  for example  the Naming Day celebrations take place on the same day as Onegin s speech to Tatyana.
Onegin s reasons for dancing with Olga and insulting Lensky are left somewhat confusing.
Onegin gives the impression.
Onegin shoots to kill.
<EOS>
Outside the titular address in the fictional town of Gibbsville  Pennsylvania  a radio reporter is describing the funeral of distinguished attorney Joseph Chapin.
Daughter Ann thinks back.
His shrewish wife Edith delivers his eulogy.
We learn rebellious neer - do-well son Joby has been expelled from boarding school and wants to pursue a career as a jazz musician  a decision.
Edith feels will harm the family s reputation.
The ambitious woman is determined to get Joe elected lieutenant governor.
She uses her wealth  political connections  and social influence to achieve her goal.
Threatening this ambition is Ann s secret marriage Charley Bongiorno.
Who seduced and impregnated the naive girl.
Corrupt power broker Mike Slattery and district attorney Lloyd Williams intervene.
They threaten to charge Charley.
He refuses to accept their bribe and agree.
Ann suffers a miscarriage.
She leaves home and moves.
When she learns her father condoned the deal that drove her husband away.
Fearing repercussions  party leaders refuse to back Joe in the election.
He withdraws  much to Edith s dismay.
Angry  she reveals she wasted her life ministering to a failure.
She once had an affair and bitterly tells him.
Deeply depressed  Joe begins to drink heavily.
He meets Ann s roommate  model Kate Drummond.
The two fall.
Joe presents her with a ruby  a Chapin family heirloom.
He realizes and ends the affair.
When the young woman s friends mistake Joe.
He s unable to handle their huge age difference.
Joe s alcoholism takes its toll.
He refuses medical attention.
Ann returns home.
Her father is dying.
Joe asks her.
She tells him her roommate.
Is about to wed.
She suspects Kate is.
Joe realizes.
Before he dies.
The man is himself.
Joby angrily accuses Slattery of betrayal and Edith of being responsible for Joe s decline.
Later  just prior  Ann is helping her friend pack.
When she finds the ruby.
She realizes.
Her father was Kate s true love and that he managed to experience a brief period during his final years.
<EOS>
Sir Wilfrid Robarts  a master barrister  takes Leonard Vole on as a client  over the protestations of his private nurse  Miss Plimsoll.
The doctor had told him to stay away.
Vole is accused.
Who had become enamored  going so far as to make him the main beneficiary of her will.
Strong circumstantial evidence all points to Vole.
He finds her rather cold and.
When Sir Wilfrid speaks.
She does provide an alibi.
Therefore  he is greatly surprised.
When she is called.
It is shown.
A wife can not testify.
Christine was in fact still married when she wed Leonard.
She testifies.
Leonard admitted that he had killed Mrs French  and that her conscience forced her to finally tell the truth.
Sir Wilfrid is contacted by a mysterious woman.
Who provides him.
The affair revealed gives Christine such a strong motive to have lied.
The jury finds Leonard not guilty.
However  Sir Wilfrid is troubled.
His instincts tell him.
It was too tidy  too neat -- too symmetrical.
He and Christine are left alone in the courtroom.
She takes the opportunity to take credit.
She decided to set it up so.
When she heard him say that a wife s testimony would not be convincing.
Hers would be given and then be discredited.
An ex-actress  she had played the part so well.
Sir Wilfrid did not recognize her when he negotiated.
She knew  her testimony was the truth.
Leonard was guilty.
Her letters are a fraud -- Max never existed.
She confesses.
When asked why she did it.
She loves Leonard.
Leonard appears and  now protected  nonchalantly confirms.
What Christine had said.
A young woman then rushes.
Christine kills him.
When he admits that he and the young woman are going away together.
Sir Wilfrid remarks.
Christine did not murder Leonard  but that she executed him.
Miss Plimsoll then cancels Sir Wilfrid s holiday  realizing.
He can not resist taking charge.
<EOS>
The Bell Witch haunting began.
John Bell  a well liked farmer and religious leader  was inspecting his crops and noticed something bizarre.
He saw a creature resembling a mixture  and quickly fired at the beast.
However  the strange creature vanished.
Terrifying events would soon follow.
It started hearing beating sounds on the outside walls of their house.
Soon other unexplained noises were heard.
The Spirit seemed to be growing in strength  from subtle poltergeist-type activity to loud sounds such as dogs and cats fighting  chains being dragged  furniture moving and physical attacks such as scratching  spitting  pulling hair and slapping.
A gurgling noise turned.
It sounded  whispering voices -- too weak to understand -- but seeming to be a feeble old woman crying or singing hymns.
The voice grew over months and images started being seen  a girl sitting in a tree  then gone  a deformed dog  then gone  a dead family walking  then gone.
The encounters escalated.
The Bells  daughter  Betsy  began experiencing brutal encounters.
It relentlessly pulled her hair and slapped her  often leaving visible prints for days at a time.
The evil disturbances grew.
It was time to share his family trouble with his friends and neighbors to try to put an end to it.
John first told his neighbor and closest friend  James Johnston  a pious man.
Who dismissed the noises.
He assured John  they would send this devil back.
There was an unnatural reason  with the help of God.
Where it belongs.
Johnston quickly changed his mind.
Which it would be sent away later that night when he met his adversary.
All proved fruitless.
When he brought.
The activity increased  especially.
Where it came.
The victims only had candlelight to protect themselves.
The creature horrified its victims.
Happened  snatching their hair and ripping their covers away from the bed.
The light was blown out.
A touch or cold breath was felt  or worse the unseen attacker left its mark  but vanished.
When the light returned.
Word soon got out and began to spread.
Investigators and curiosity seekers came to the Bell s house to speak with the Spirit.
The haunting gained notoriety.
Was heard almost nightly.
Its voice strengthened to the point.
It was loud and understandable.
It sang.
Hymns  quoted scripture  carried and once quoted word-for-word two sermons that took place at the same time thirteen miles apart.
Did anyone know who or.
What the entity was  or its purpose.
The Spirit took.
It seemed to like some people and at times even took.
It was demonic and viciously attacked people and cursed wildly.
It did every time it would see John Bell.
It always gave different answers.
When asked who it was and where it came.
But one night   the Spirit answered.
When it was asked when it would leave.
Until it sees John Bell good and dead.
It refused to answer.
When asked why.
Future President Andrew Jackson is said to have even visited the Bells  home.
One had served under Jackson during the war.
It is said.
As Jackson s party was approaching the Bell home  one began to boast how he could defeat the Spirit.
The wheels suddenly locked up and no matter.
What the drivers tried they could not get the wagons rolling.
Then the men heard.
A voice say  Go on  old General.
The wagons began to move once again.
Jackson and his men were harassed the entire night  being slapped and pinched by the Spirit until daybreak.
They left as early.
They could and never returned.
The Spirit turned its vengeance not only  but also his daughter  Betsy  and her engagement to Joshua Gardner.
The Spirit vowed to put an end.
It attacked Betsy constantly.
When she would see or speak.
John tried to move Betsy away.
The evil intruder only followed her  forcing her to return.
Angered.
S best friend  confronted the Spirit.
When it was attacking and cursing Betsy.
Whom he lovingly referred as Little Sister.
Frank quickly found.
He was no match.
She broke her engagement with Joshua.
He soon left town never to see Betsy again.
Lucy  John s kind and much loved wife  became very ill and was not expected to live.
Joshua left.
The vile creature was saddened and refused to leave Lucy s side.
It dropped grapes and nuts from nowhere and encouraged her to eat.
It sang old gospel hymns and rejoiced at Lucy s recovery.
The Spirit continued to express its dislike  and relentlessly vowed to kill him.
John Bell s health diminished.
The Spirit continued abuse him causing him often to be gripped by seizures.
A well known voodoo man named.
Dr Mize was called in to try to rid the house.
The man ended up fleeing  begging.
Did all the others who came to combat the Spirit.
John was viciously attacked by the Spirit.
He told his son and was helped.
He could fight no more.
He never left it again.
After a long battle with a crippling nervous system disorder  John Bell took his last breath.
The family found a small vial of unidentified liquid beside his bed.
John Bell  Jr.
Gave some to the family s cat.
The cat died almost instantly.
The Spirit suddenly spoke up exclaiming  I gave Ol Jack a big dose and that fixed him.
The Bell s house  a religious center  became a place of fear and terror.
A home for John  Lucy and their seven children.
A place withered away.
The Spirit did as it liked.
Yet  it was said.
Those who witnessed the demonstrations knew that the Spirit had a wonderful power  possessing great knowledge of men and things  a spirit that apparently could tell men s secrets  repeat sermons  sing every song in the hymn book and quote scripture fluently with absolute accuracy.
<EOS>
Blue and Steve are putting.
When Tickety Tock the Clock loses her voice.
Blue is now and follows up on various clues to find.
Who might wish.
Steve and Blue leave their cartoon home and become part of a piece of sheet music.
G-Clef the Keyboard and his friends the Notes explain the components.
Perriwinkle does magic.
<EOS>
The film begins.
Who is living alone.
His only contact is.
Who brings him food supplies once every few months.
It is quickly revealed.
A wife named Lou and two daughters.
His family were drowned  however.
Peter was meant to be.
This causes him to withdraw.
He is rendered unable to speak.
He sticks.
One day he discovers that a lifeboat containing a little girl called Charlotte has landed on the island.
Charlotte refuses to leave the island  so she stays.
Her father comes to pick her up.
He finds out from a radio broadcast.
She is the only survivor  and that the girl s father is dead.
It is.
He becomes able to speak again.
The two have formed a bond  and so  he decides.
When Charlotte refuses to leave.
She can stay.
This is possible.
No-One else knows that she is alive.
Peter has to persuade his food supplier to keep quiet about the little girl s presence on the island  he agrees.
She is not taken away.
The film ends showing the viewer several family snapshots  thus implying.
She remained for the rest of her childhood.
<EOS>
The Halloween Hound and Warwick the Warlock are accidentally released and have plans to destroy the world.
The Buddies  consisting  must travel to the mysterious old mansion called Spooky Manor to stop the Halloween Hound and Warwick the Warlock.
The Buddies join forces with some new friends named Pip The Ghost Puppy  Zelda  Rodney  and Skip  and together they stop the bad guys and save the world.
<EOS>
The film opens.
We meet haggard Vice Principal Rubell and clueless Principal Horn  as well as stuffy lawyer and former JFK alumna Lisa Hammond.
Who is.
Alex Jurel is a veteran Social Studies teacher.
Who takes his job.
Jurel has been worn down.
He is assigned to temporarily take over the duties and meets a young man named Eddie Pilikian.
Whom he becomes a mentor.
The major plotline centers  with Superintendent Donna Burke and school lawyer Al Lewis attempting to avoid bad publicity associated with the case.
They try to figure out  or are critical of the school board policies.
Teachers will rock the boat.
Intertwined are Jurel s efforts to reform Pilikian into a student and Jurel s growing moral conundrum.
Who believes.
Ultimately culminates.
A number deviate from the primary.
These include Herbert Gower/Stuart Van Ark  an outpatient.
Who is accidentally put.
S.
History class and makes it fun and engaging  gym teacher Mr Troy s sexual relationship.
Ends. 
Who is shot and killed after he draws a gun from his locker during a drug search.
A romance also begins Lisa Hammond.
Who strips herself naked in the middle of a hallway.
This incident causes Pilikian to pull the fire alarm.
Jurel stands up saying.
The school is outside.
He wo nt resign.
He ll sue them.
He gets fired.
Jurel then makes a speech.
The whole reason was for the kids  and how the teachers are supposed to be there for them  which causes the other students to give him an ovation while going back into the building.
Lisa manages to convince Jurel.
The students of JFKHS are worth risking reputation and career.
<EOS>
The year is.
The film is narrated.
Seven prisoners escape near Worms  Germany near the Rhine.
They represent a.
Who are apparently political activists.
One is George Heisler and the other his mentor Wallau  the leader.
The camp commandant erects.
A row crosses and vows to put a man on each.
The first is Wallau.
To be apprehended.
Who dies yet continues to narrate the film.
The film follows Heisler.
He makes his way  steals a jacket to cover his prison garb  and watches out.
The Nazis round up every other escaped prisoner and puts them up.
The local population remains largely indifferent.
Heisler does receive help.
Still  he is somewhat soured in general.
He first makes his way  he steals a bit of her food and departs.
Where his former girl friend  Leni  who had promised to wait  but has since married  refuses to help him in the slightest way.
He next witnesses the suicide leap and then goes on to see a contact.
Whose name he had given him  where he encounters Mme.
Marelli she was holding and slips some money into his coat pocket.
Who gives him the outfit.
Next.
He goes.
Marelli  infected.
Who treats a hand injured.
Intercut are some scenes involving some of his friends.
Who are trying to locate and help him.
He finds.
When he finally reaches the home.
He has been arrested.
He can not visit his family   so he goes.
They are being watched.
He still risks all to help Heisler.
Paul is a factory worker.
Roeder gets with the German underground.
Whose members risk their lives to get Heisler out.
Where he s hiding out and with whom he has a brief tryst and promises to send.
Thanks ends.
He approaches a cargo ship that is to take him away.
<EOS>
This film is set.
Young Marcel was born but raised in Marseilles.
His father  Joseph  is a hard-working strongly atheist public school teacher.
Marcel s Aunt Rose marries the round  jovial  and very theistic and Roman Catholic Uncle Jules.
Joseph and Uncle Jules come.
Joseph and Jules decide to take their respective families to a house in the country.
Here  Jules decides to educate Joseph.
Marcel wants to come hunting.
The two adults lie and leave the house.
He is still just waking up.
He follows them stealthily.
Jules is making a fool out with his hunting prowess.
Angers Marcel.
He gets lost.
When Marcel meets a boy called Lili who tells him where the hunting party is.
Joseph takes potshots.
Fall to ground.
He watches.
Jules reprimands Joseph.
Marcel reveals himself and the partridges.
Later  Lili   becomes Marcel s friend and teaches him.
Who knows everything.
They regularly go exploring  in southern France.
Marcel plans to hide himself in a cave  and live there as a hermit.
The holiday comes.
Order to continue living.
Marcel gets up early in the morning.
He has written a letter  explaining his disappearance to his parents  and excusing his behaviour.
He warns them.
They will not be able to find him  and should not bother searching.
He then walks.
Who was waiting.
Marcel begins to become afraid.
They arrive.
He invents all kinds to avoid living in the cave.
He then runs home quickly to prevent his parents reading the letter.
He had placed.
Everyone is already busy loading up a carriage.
He returns home.
He runs up  and discovers.
The letter is still.
He assumes.
No one has read it.
His parents make a remark.
He gets ready to leave the house.
Indicates that they did read the letter.
The film ends.
Lili looking on.
<EOS>
Keeping The Promise  tells the story.
Who   together build a wooden cabin in Maine in.
However  Matt s father must head back.
Who were all left behind so Matt and his father could build shelter.
Matt s father promises to return.
Matt is left alone to guard the family s newly-built homestead and field crops.
Unfortunately  Matt finds himself enduring many hardships.
Which he is unprepared.
His hunting rifle is stolen  Matt trips and falls into a river.
Luckily  Matt s misadventure has not gone unnoticed.
He is pulled.
Ironically  the Indians he has learned to fear.
His father had told him  save his life.
His injured leg is treated.
Matt begrudgingly allows Saknis to take his book.
Recovering. 
Saknis later returns and asks Matt - Matt says  Saknis points out.
Whether a knife or a book would win a fight.
The knife would win.
The words have already won the land away from his people.
Saknis commands.
Matt is to teach his grandson to read.
Matt accepts the task out.
Uncertain. 
He owes his life.
Meanwhile his father returns to find  the family leave quickly knowing.
There is a fever.
The town will probably be closed to stop the spread.
The newborn and the mother come down with fever  this delays them.
They are turned back.
When they reach the boat crossing before winter.
The Mother recovers.
Unfortunately the baby does nt and has to be buried.
They travel the land route.
Back does not immediately befriend Attean.
The two young boys eventually form a strong friendship as they help each other.
Attean invites Matt to join his tribe.
When Matt s family has not yet returned.
Who are moving west.
He has not forgotten his family.
Matt is good friends and enjoys Indian culture.
Matt has to decide.
Whether to join the Indian tribe  or return and wait for his family to return.
Attean goes on a vision quest and becomes a brave.
He visits Matt and gives him a pair and asks him to come with the tribe.
Matt decides to wait.
Parting is difficult.
The two boys trade gifts  Matt gives Attean the book.
Attean leaves his dog behind.
Sure enough  Matt s family returns.
Who makes himself absent as soon as the family are reunited.
<EOS>
Lamas tries to exterminate a major drug cartel.
One dies of a supposed drug overdose.
He immediately leaps by uncovering a cache of weapons  and busting into a drug stronghold guns blazing.
He saved.
Alas.
He is arrested only.
Who gets him.
Here he will meet many crazy characters.
Who will both assist and hinder his quest.
He continues his fight and eventually discovers.
He escapes.
The drugs are laced.
He uses the drugs to kill the top men of the drug operation.
Yes Lamas truly became the promised drug buster.
<EOS>
June 1944  commandos are sent to the Channel Islands on sabotage and distraction raids  to draw Hitler s attention away from Normandy.
In their Klepper canoe to Forau Island  landing on a beach covered in anti-personnel mines and tank traps.
They leave the beach and head inland  walking.
When they hear distant screaming and gunfire.
They approach a German fortification and hear.
What they think is a man being tortured.
They climb down on a large artillery gun  but are disturbed.
When a German soldier runs out.
Grogan stabs the soldier and kills him.
They hear a woman screaming.
Grogan decides to investigate.
Tane  hearing a gunshot  enters the bunker to investigate.
He discovers a book  and distracted by its contents  is killed by an unseen assailant.
Looking. 
Unharmed  Grogan discovers Tane s body and is knocked unconscious.
Grogan wakes and is briefly tortured.
Who wants to know his mission.
A woman is heard screaming from another room.
Grogan eventually escapes and chases Meyer  shooting and injuring him.
Grogan follows the sound.
He finds a chained woman   Helena.
Who reveals herself to be his dead wife.
Meyer enters the room and shoots Grogan  then shoots Helena in the head  apparently killing her.
Grogan attacks Meyer   summoned up.
Who explains the woman is a demon.
Meyer proves this.
Changes form.
She stops pretending to be dead.
She eats the leg.
Meyer passes out.
Grogan removes a bullet.
Grogan searches him and discovers a page torn in a small pouch worn as a necklace by the Nazi.
Grogan keeps the page.
Soon the Germans plan to use.
Meyer recovers and explains the demon is a shapeshifter and a weapon.
However  they realised  so they keep it confined.
The demon poses a world threat.
Meyer offers to give the book.
He will help Meyer escape.
Meyer then persuades Grogan to help him perform a ritual to dispel the demon back.
Meyer  believing  betrays Grogan.
He is protected from the book.
Grogan overpowers Meyer and throws him.
Meyer reveals his true intent to use the demon.
She brutally kills Meyer he has taken.
Grogan survives  protected.
Unable to complete the ritual  Grogan takes the book and leaves the demon behind.
Come to investigate.
One does fall prey.
<EOS>
Tarver is a crew member  a strange substance called Thanatos.
Pandora s captain  Darian Holoway was recently promoted.
Some are suspicious of the Thanatos.
Approaching Earth  the ship diverts to respond from the spacecraft Diana.
The Diana appears abandoned from the Diana s medical facility.
Who claim to have survived a pirate attack.
The nurses are actually the pirates.
They attempt a takeover.
The Thanatos container is ruptured and fluid spills onto one of the pirates.
She mutates and becomes a plaguer.
One become infected.
The Thanatos becomes strong enough to take control and head it straight toward Earth.
<EOS>
Three boys join an old traveller through Southern England  eventually helping to expose and capture some smugglers.
<EOS>
The film relates a mystery story over a period of 20 years.
It begins.
When several pregnant girls meet where they have been sent to give birth and have their children adopted.
The girls are never seen again.
The police file is left unclosed.
Nearly twenty years pass and professor Owen Smith and his assistant Amelia Laird return.
They explore the house and quickly discover the secret.
<EOS>
Engineer Major Baldwin is ordered to blow up an airfield as well as strategic roads and bridges to help American troops in China retreat from the Japanese army.
General Loomis is reluctant to send Baldwin due  but relents.
Baldwin  accompanied  Baldwin finds out from Colonel Li  the Chinese commander.
The Japanese are about to capture a munitions dump.
Colonel Kwan is assigned.
Madame Sue-Mei Hung  the American-educated widow  joins them  with Baldwin gradually becoming attracted to the widow.
They can embark.
Baldwin blows up a bridge and pushes a truck  trying to reach the munitions dump before the Japanese.
Sue-Mei and Baldwin are.
When he resorts.
Miller is ill.
The team has brought.
Baldwin is furious and resolute  finally successful in blowing up the munitions storage.
Miller and Lewis are also killed.
When his truck is stolen.
Baldwin exacts revenge.
Baldwin asks Sue-Mei to understand  but there is no reconciliation.
He had to act that way.
She leaves him.
Baldwin radios his report  and is praised for fulfilling his mission.
Recognizing his retribution was fundamentally excessive and brutal.
<EOS>
Alan comes to believe.
He is the last person after some sort of apocalypse destroyed the human race.
But soon he meets the beautiful Sarah  and falls with her.
She does nt feel too much.
Who is not physically attractive.
He should nt leave her alone.
Then they meet Raphael  a much better looking and more charismatic man.
Who soon starts a relationship.
Alan plots to expel Raphael  and succeeds.
It is revealed.
When he comes back.
Sarah send out balloons to come back.
They. 
<EOS>
The Gingerdead man is visited by a woman from the FBI.
Who is revealed to be the sister.
A group break into the institute  overpower her  and release the Gingerdead Man and the rest of the baked inmates.
She s about to take her revenge.
The killer cookie comes  shoots the two scientists  and is sent back through time.
Security tries to kill him.
He is sent back  and can not get the remote to work to get him out.
He then goes.
He heads back inside.
She rips it off and eats it.
When he tries to get one  Ingrid Harshman to suck his through a glory hole.
He continues on and discovers the Club s ugly janitor having a threesome and kills them by piercing them with a nail gun.
He then kills one with a meat cleaver  and mixes up the DJ s cocaine with cleaning product.
Meanwhile  two kids  Pickles and Tina discover the remote  manage to get it working.
They are sent traveling.
Meanwhile  the club s owner has to close it down due  and invites her odd niece   to help her pack up her office.
Who possesses the power.
She meets one with him  and is recognized as one of the best skaters at the club  to the dismay of both the aunt   and the four-year winning champion.
There. 
Who  caused the attack on Pearl Harbor.
She has her boyfriend set up a bucket to fall on the niece s head during the ceremony.
When she discovers she ll lose the vote.
The Gingerdead Man messes up the prank.
The bucket falls instead.
The cookie then kills her and her boyfriend  and shoots three people dead.
The niece freaks out  locks everyone and electrocutes them all  killing everyone except herself  her aunt  the clerk and Ingrid.
When the cookie shoots the owner.
Pickles and Tina return  along with Adolf Hitler  Charles Manson  Jeffrey Dahmer  and Lizzie Borden  all four was.
The cookie s about to finish them off.
Who s reason.
They were possessed.
All six time travelers overpower the cookie  and shove him  killing him.
Pickles and Tina reveal the winning numbers for the lottery.
Is enough to keep the club up and running.
Pickles and Tina also reveal.
Because they warned the FBI Agent on the Institute  the events of the entire film never happened.
Everyone  and the time travelers go back  including the aunt.
Who has died comeback.
Who goes back to prevent herself from causing Pearl Harbor.
<EOS>
Wendell  a neurotic  aimless twentysomething  struggles to figure out.
Girl he really belongs.
His friend  Dave  helps him sort.
Wendell discovers not only who he should be  but who he truly is under all that neuroses.
<EOS>
Scientist Jean Karl Michael invents a death ray.
Is for peaceful purposes.
He arranges to demonstrate the ray.
A group disguised.
He is demonstrating it.
NATO officials steals the death ray  kidnap the scientist  and escape under the cover of night.
They escape by helicopter.
Lands and is discarded as the submarine submerges.
Agent Bart Fargo is given the assignment  by his boss  of retrieving the death ray and saving the scientist.
He travels on a lead to find an evil organization.
May be.
Rooting out a nest  Bart Fargo meets a lady.
When he hides from the opposition and befriends an enemy agent who later helps him to stop the evil organization.
<EOS>
Ogami is tested  each.
Who try to kill him.
Ogami learns and is intended to be the heir of a local daimyo.
He must kill a young girl who was raised.
The real heir  a little boy  is kept locked away.
Ogami must stop a document revealing the deception from reaching the hands of his mortal enemy  Yagyu Retsudo.
Meanwhile  Ogami Daigoro is again separated and proves his courage and sense of honor.
He refuses to admit the guilt he became mixed up with.
<EOS>
Cosmo and Amy Grey have not seen their parents.
The 19th Century nears an end  brother and sister.
Who has been during work on the canal.
Their housekeeper sends them to see a play  Peter Pan.
They end up seeing a rather sophisticated family drama instead.
Robert and Alice Grey come home not sure.
What to expect.
The children hardly know Alice at all.
Furthermore  the play has given Amy some peculiar ideas.
Mature grown-ups behave.
She falsely assumes.
When she hears Alice receive an invitation to meet Dr Steven Clark.
They are having a romantic tryst.
Amy shows up unexpectedly  trying to talk him out of the affair.
He is forced to hide her.
When Alice shows up.
Robert has been invited as well  but.
Amy s presence revealed  everybody gets the wrong idea.
Alice assumes.
The doctor is seeing her daughter  while Robert assumes the doctor is seeing his wife.
<EOS>
The film takes place.
S.
Governmental mission to retrieve a top secret laser tracking device.
Was down F-111 jet.
Ken Tami along must track down the tracking device.
All ends  as Ken inevitably comes face to face.
<EOS>
Munyurangabo and his friend Sangwa leave the city to return to their village.
Munyurangabo seeks justice.
Who were killed.
Sangwa wants to return.
They end up spending several days.
The two boys had planned to stay only a few hours.
But   their friendship is sorely tried.
They are.
Sangwa s parents distrust Munyurangabo  and warn their son.
Hutus and Tutsis are supposed to be enemies.
<EOS>
Daffy buys a house.
Speedy will not leave the house.
<EOS>
Sach sells his soul to the Devil.
Order to get tips.
<EOS>
Swapner Feriwala is a soothing fantasy in our modern  urban lives.
It s a symbolic story against age-old orthodoxy.
Religious fanaticism and a clarion call to set everyone free.
Saritsekhar Roychowdhury  the old descendant  gets obsessed with the attainment of spiritual emancipation and brings a godman to the house to help him find the true way to freedom.
The latter him the confidence through his Tantra tricks and promises the childless couple a child within a year.
Som an iconoclast magician.
His friend  a fellow magician named Ferdoup Siddhartha  have devoted their lives to uncover the magic rackets fooling people.
Som is an enigma.
Siddhartha believes the magic to pervade the beauty  the vastness of the universe  the beautiful movements of togetherness and entire human existence.
He wants only to drink the elixir and insists Som stop hankering after an elusive goal.
The evil godman plots to seize the Roychowdhury house and lay his hands on young  pretty Turni  the only granddaughter of Saritsekhar.
Who lost her parents.
Som and Sidhartha befriend Turni and warn her.
The godman reduces the woman and entrusts upon her the duty to keep an eye on Turni and to lure her closer to him.
Turni escapes their evil plans but soon she feels to be at her wit s end.
When her grandfather donates his house.
She could not settle elsewhere  being financially dependent on her grandfather.
The satanic duo threatens Turni to follow their instructions to stay and finally traps her and gets her intoxicated.
The magician duo comes and brings her to consciousness.
The sinister godman pounces.
The godmen fly away.
The trio set.
Turni has fallen for Som.
Siddhartha loves her.
He resists her and leaves to follow his destiny.
When she reveals her feeling.
Siddhartha consoles the bereaved Turni and promises to stay forever.
She recognises her true love with the help of the magical hourglass  given by her mother.
Together they start a new journey.
<EOS>
Ator asks his father to marry his sister.
The film opens.
Ator s father tells Ator.
He is adopted and so he can marry his sister if he likes.
Ator s bride is kidnapped by members of a spider cult.
Prompts Ator to learn how to fight so he can rescue his bride.
Ator teams up.
Who helps him.
Ator learns.
The real villain is not who he thought.
<EOS>
The story opens.
A woman  Mother Earth  emerges  arouses the body  and impregnates herself with his semen.
Becoming pregnant  she wanders off.
The pregnancy manifests.
Whom she leaves.
The Son meets a group of faceless nomads.
Who seize him.
The Son vomits organic pieces.
The nomads excitedly accept these.
The nomads finally bring the man and burn him.
Mother Earth encounters the resurrected man and comforts him.
She seizes the man.
The nomads appear and proceed.
Son is left to mourn over the lifeless body.
A group appears  carry her off and dismember her  later returning for Son of Earth.
The group buries the remains  planting the parts.
He  too  is dismembered.
The burial site becomes lush.
<EOS>
Jenna Rink is an unpopular girl celebrating her 13th birthday.
The story opens.
Who wishes to be 30 that it would help her overcome her unpopularity at school.
Jenna especially wants to join the Six Chicks  a school clique led.
Who takes advantage.
Jenna s best friend  Matt Flamhaff  gives her a doll dream house.
He built for her birthday  which is sprinkled on the roof of the house.
Tom-Tom dashes Jenna s hopes.
Jenna  mistakenly thinking  yells and barricades herself in the closet.
Matt was responsible.
Where she put the Dream House.
She cries.
Rocks backs and forth  bumping  wishing to be 30  flirty  and thriving.
The wishing dust sprinkles on her.
Seconds later  Jenna awakens  without her friends or family.
It is now.
Jenna has no memory.
Have passed.
30-year-old Jenna s best friend  Lucy  drives her.
Soon  Jenna discovers.
She works.
Missing her best friend  Jenna asks her assistant to track down Matt.
Jenna learns she.
Matty have been estranged.
When Jenna fell in  and that Matt is now engaged.
She sadly realizes.
What she thought she wanted was nt important.
This is complicated.
Jenna has become a shadow.
She has lost almost all contact.
She is having an affair.
She has worked.
Only is she generally hated.
Jenna slowly realizes.
The person she has become is neither trustworthy nor likable  and unknowingly begins to reverse the situation.
However  Lucy is determined to steal Jenna s position  so she frames Jenna.
All of Jenna s work to rebuild her life as a thirty year old woman has gone to waste.
Jenna heads back and   hides in the same closet as 17 years before and cries.
Her parents are out.
Her parents return and find her hiding.
They welcome her.
The next day  she reminisces.
She does nt remember.
These inspire her.
Working together  Jenna becomes friends with Matt again.
Jenna has a boyfriend  they kiss.
Jenna prepares for the revamp  Poise is shutting down because the work.
When she gets bad news.
She put.
Jenna learns.
She was responsible.
She cons Matt.
When Lucy learns this.
She accepts the position  using Jenna s work as her own  similar to.
What she did when the girls were.
She rushes and begs him to call off the wedding.
When an already-distraught Jenna discovers Matt is getting married that day.
Dazed  Matt realizes.
He loves Jenna  but can not change the past.
He pulls the dream house.
He made 17 years before and gives it back.
Jenna leaves  crying over the dream house.
Unbeknownst remain on the dream house.
She wishes.
She was 13 again.
She finds herself back again.
When she opens her eyes.
She jumps.
When Matt comes to check.
They kiss.
Being now true  17 years later  Jenna and Matt are married and live in a house.
Resembles the dollhouse.
It is unknown.
Whether she remembers her past adventure  but is clearly happy with her life with Matt.
Is also unclear.
What happens.
It can be presumed.
She is working  with an unsecure life.
<EOS>
The film is.
Who receives a jolt when an unattached Islamic graduate student moves.
<EOS>
Different.
Me centers.
Klaus  the 17-year-old son  has begun to lead a life.
Increasingly worries his parents.
Klaus spends most with Manfred  a low academic achiever raised by a relatively poor single mother.
He is an outstanding student.
The two boys share an interest.
Manfred has just published a poem.
Klaus has to protect Manfred.
Who attack him.
The Teichmanns become even more concerned.
When they learn that Manfred has introduced Klaus.
They visit a psychologist.
When Werner and Christa Teichmann get wind.
Who cautions them that their son is and that his parents should encourage him to socialize with girls his age.
Klaus sneaks out.
When Werner Teichmann tries to ground his son.
His father searches featuring a drag performance.
Werner Teichmann finally confronts Winkler in his home.
Not to be outdone  Christa Teichmann takes matters.
She devises a plan to seduce Klaus and turn him from his homosexual ways.
The plan is put.
When Mr and Mrs Teichmann go away  leaving Gerda and Klaus home alone.
Gerda successfully seduces.
Klaus and turns him straight.
All does not end well  however   Christa Teichmann is taken to court.
Where she is charged and found guilty of procuring the relationship between Gerda and Klaus.
<EOS>
The setting is Stockholm  Sweden  this year.
Dr Nils Ahlen  working  is about to leave his home to give a talk at Uppsala University on his new invention.
He discusses arrangements with his assistant  Sven Nystrom.
Nystrom intends to work.
Ahlen shows him.
Where he has hidden the key.
Ahlen s wife  Helga  complains.
They are talking.
The couple will miss a dinner engagement.
Ahlen tells her.
She could go.
Helga replies.
She could.
Ahlen s demonstration of his invention creates enormous interest  not the least from a colonel in the Swedish Army It is a devise.
Allows huge amounts to be stored  as audio recordings  on Barium discs.
The discs release enough power to fuel a small town or propel a rocket or flying bomb.
When played back.
Naturally  the military are interested.
Ahlen provide them by yesterday.
Returning home  Ahlen finds his appartment disturbed.
His wife and the key both missing.
A search reveals.
The vital components have been stolen.
He alerts the police and the head.
An investigation begins.
Ahlen  however  soon becomes impatient and  having established  begins an investigation of his own.
His assistant Nystom is also missing.
This takes him.
Whom Nystrom has been.
The baroness denies all knowledge.
She answers that Nystrom has had.
The baroness  manservant tells her.
Ahlen is leaving her house.
She has a call.
Peterson has also traced the trail  and meets up with Ahlen in his car.
The two agree to work together.
They find out.
A plane has been forced to make a landing and that Nystrom and Helga were on board.
The pair are obviously heading north to take the invention to Soviet Union.
This is never made explicit.
The action switches between Ahlen and Peterson and Nystrom and Helga in their race for the border.
Ahlen remarks.
When a blizzard begins.
The weather is visited.
The chase takes all four protagonists.
Nystrom and Helga have hired three Sami.
Ahlen and Peterson join a large family group who are taking their reindeer.
Right  the presence of Ahlen and Peterson causes discord amongst the Sami.
Of whom regard them and resent the distraction of involving themselves in the chase.
Their leader  named Anders  is supportive and convinces the rest to accept them.
Nystrom and Helga lay a false trail  destroying their reindeer herd.
Leads Ahlen s group.
Anders takes his own life out.
Ahlen and Peterson are left led by the young Sami women Kara Niemann.
Kara defends it and reveals.
When Ahlen and Peterson criticise the savagery.
She is the grandaughter.
Ahlen warms.
The two begin to fall.
However  Kara s group is soon  and lack the firepower to defend themselves.
They have attracted the attention.
One spots a group of birds circling overhead.
All seems lost.
One descends and kills a wolf.
It is an eagle  controlled.
More birds descend.
The wolves are driven off.
The group is taken in the hidden valley  a kind of local Shangri La.
The valley is a refuge  but is.
Overhang it.
This is.
Why the hunters hunt and why the children in the village can never laugh or play.
Nystrom and Helga are also here.
Peterson places them.
Ahlen talks.
Who reveals her motives to have been loneliness and frustration.
She mocks him.
Ahlen feels guilty and begs Peterson to let the pair go free.
Peterson refuses.
There is a strong suggestion.
He will turn a blind eye.
However  Nystrom takes matters.
Any plan can be made.
He and Helga attempt to escape.
Fearing an avalanche  the locals give chase.
Peterson and Ahlen try to persuade Nystrom to turn back.
He fires  starting an avelanche.
Kills the fugatives but spares the village.
The locals reflect.
They have been needlessly living.
Ahlen and Niemann are free to enjoy their newfound love.
<EOS>
Director Olivier Nicklaus travels all over Europe -LRB- Paris  Berlin  London  Amsterdam to meet various personalities filmed in the nude.
Characters include nude performers.
Guests interviewed included photographer Terry Richardson  Vincent Bethell.
Who launched The Freedom to be Yourself movement  designer Tom Ford  philosopher Jean-Luc Nancy  the transsexual icon Amanda Lepore and popular gay pornographic actor Francois Sagat.
<EOS>
The inhabitants.
Woody Woodpecker lives in.
Woody is crazy  due.
Woody also begins to question his sanity.
So he goes  only to find.
The doctor may be more cracked.
<EOS>
Farmon bibi is a wise and loving but strict mother.
Who lives.
Nigora  the wife sympathize with her.
Farmon bibi changes her attitude and gives in.
<EOS>
Griff is a socially awkward person.
Who gets bullied by day.
He dons the costume of a superhero and fights criminals.
His brother Tim  visits him.
One day Tim tells Griff and brings her with him the next time.
He visits.
Melody is shown to be a girl.
Who lives.
One day Griff gets an idea.
Finds himself doing experiments by purchasing things from Melody s father s store.
He makes himself a suit and wearing it  goes but is caught on camera  not yet revealing his face.
Griff again makes an invisibility cloak.
This time his boss sees his face.
He gets fired.
That night  Tony calls a local goon and beats Griff.
He returns home to retrieve his suit and police catch a bloodied Griff and later release him.
Slowly Griff and Melody fall.
Melody tries to encourage Griff by presenting him with a ` Universal SUIT  sent anonymously.
It becomes apparent.
The superhero  the goons he beats.
His invisibility are just his imagination.
Tim gets hold and asks Melody  to.
She is encouraging him.
Melody replies Griff is a freak.
They love living.
Griff hears this and realizes the fact.
Everything is his imagination.
He destroys the costume and all computers he was using.
He goes.
Where she realizes Griff no more believes.
Soon afterwards she comes and tells him.
He was the only one who went and that was the reason she loved him.
Now  he also is behaving  so she ca nt love him anymore.
She leaves his house and cries leaning on his door.
Suddenly  she falls in Griff s room.
Griff takes her.
She utters  You can believe it.
They share a passionate kiss.
A package falls through the mail slot of Griff s door with Melody s name written on it.
Tim is then shown walking away.
Griff runs.
Melody opens the box.
Inside is a note.
Says  Use these to be the only one who can see Griff when he s invisible.
So he does nt have to wear the hat.
The device resembles a View-Master stereoscopic toy.
Griff enters unseen.
She can see him standing there again.
When Melody holds up the device.
They smile.
The film ends.
<EOS>
Shapath is an Action flick.
Who has produced several successful films.
The film had Jackie Shroff.
The film also has Singer Altaf Raja.
<EOS>
The story quickly focuses on a Paris divorce court.
Where Karol Karol is pleading.
The immigrant Karol   is made to understand.
His wife Dominique does not love him.
The grounds are humiliating  Karol was unable to consummate the marriage.
He loses his means of support  his legal residency in France  and the rest of his cash in a series of mishaps  and is soon a beggar.
He only retains a 2 franc coin.
Karol meets and is befriended by another Pole  Mikolaj.
Mikolaj is married and successful  he offers Karol a job consisting.
Karol has lost his wife and his property.
Who wants to be dead but does not have enough courage to do it himself.
Mikolaj helps him return to Poland hidden in the suitcase shown at the beginning of the film.
Is later stolen.
He returns.
Stuhr and Zamachowski also played brothers.
Karol takes a job.
Mikolaj meets Karol  it turns out to be and asks Karol to kill him.
Mikolaj is the intended victim.
Karol shoots a blank and asks him.
He really wants to go through as the next bullet is real.
Mikolaj refuses and is able to feel alive again.
Using his position  Karol spies on his bosses and discovers their scheme to purchase different pieces of land.
They knew were going to be targeted and resell for large profits.
Karol beats them  and then tells his.
If they kill him all his estate shall go.
They are therefore forced to purchase all the land.
He gained from this scheme and with the payment from Mikolaj  the two go into business together.
Karol becomes ruthlessly ambitious  focusing his energies.
Brooding. 
He uses his new financial influence.
Where  as several characters observe  you can buy anything to execute a complex scheme to first win back Dominique  and then destroy her life.
The final image shows Karol staring at Dominique through the window of her prison cell  while crying.
<EOS>
Set  the film portrays Jefferson as an ambassador at Versailles prior to the French Revolution.
French liberals and intellectuals hope.
He will lead them away.
He embraces the riches.
Deploring the poverty.
It is his first time abroad.
He takes advantage.
Absorbing the refinements France has to offer.
A lonely widower  Jefferson develops a close friendship.
His attachments  to  and to his two daughters  especially the elder  possessive Patsy  prevent him from fully committing to the relationship.
She becomes increasingly devoted.
Whom he promised never to marry again.
He succumbs to his attraction to his younger daughter Polly s nurse Sally Hemings  his wife s half-sister sired by her father with one of his mulatto slaves.
Sally s brother James is as well  learning to prepare French cuisine for Monticello.
He accepts and prepares to sail home.
When George Washington offers Jefferson the post.
But James  having enjoyed his freedom  is not willing to return to the United States and urges Sally to remain with him.
It is only.
When Jefferson promises he will give James and Sally - who is pregnant - their freedom that they consent to leave with him.
<EOS>
Charlie takes a job.
Colonel Nutt demonstrates his new wireless explosive device.
The butler introduces Charlie.
Meanwhile  agents meet with the Count to devise a plan to get at Colonel Nutt s device.
Charlie carelessly dumps garbage.
He takes.
The trash can and dumps it  inundating the Count in the process.
Back  the maid scolds Charlie  but then becomes emotional.
He comforts her.
The Count enters the house  and is hit.
The Count tosses it off.
It winds up hitting the cook also.
Charlie sticks up.
When the cook begins to act cruelly.
The Count makes his way.
Who rejects his offers and has the Count ejected.
His day s work done  Charlie makes his way.
A pickpocket holds up the Count.
He agrees to join the caper to liberate Dr Nutt of his invention.
The conversation is overheard.
Who then runs off to inform his fellow officers.
They storm the Nutt house  and highly disrupt its resident  but explain.
They are.
Back  Charlie is prevented from settling down by a loud  singing drunk.
Whom he eventually -- and somewhat affectionately -- dispatches.
A thief steals in and robs the singing drunk.
He is robbed also.
Charlie takes what he thinks are adequate precautions.
Charlie disguises himself and manages to get his money back from the thief  but it wakes everyone up.
When the thief tries to stab him.
A fight breaks.
Charlie manages to escape  dodging several cops.
However  he runs  recognizing him as an old friend  Charlie agrees to help him find a mark  and leads him to the Nutt house.
The cops are all still there  lying around  smoking  waiting to happen.
Pandemonium breaks out.
When the pickpocket enters the house.
Colonel Nutt s explosive device is detonated  blowing all of the cops skyward.
The pickpocket is buried in a heap of rubble.
Charlie is seen poking his head out.
<EOS>
Jiลi and Jan are two Czech soldiers  fighting during World War II in Tobruk  Libya.
Jiลi Pospichal  18 years old  signs up.
His naive ideas are rawly confronted with the hell of the African desert  complicated relationships in his unit and the ubiquitous threat of death.
All this takes its cruel toll.
<EOS>
The film starts  very much resembling Allison MacKenzie - - arriving in town  and startling Allison s mother Constance.
Who has disappeared years ago.
She identifies herself.
Who believes that she was conceived.
Megan is immediately taken.
She tells them.
Allison has been now.
She has not spoken a word since   she said ` Peyton Place.
Megan gave her a visit recently.
Megan becomes involved.
Who died.
Much is now engaged to Dorian Blake.
They together live.
Once belonged  with Peyton s loyal housekeeper Hannah Cord  with whom Betty does not get along.
Dana s connection affects his relationship with Kelly Carson.
Who lives and is less than happy with Megan s arrival.
Some residents   Rita and Ada suspect.
Rodney was Megan s father.
Norman and Rita s son Joey overhears this.
Soon everyone knows.
Believing  Megan and Dana immediately end their relationship.
They are half brother and sister.
Kelly is overjoyed  but Dana wants nothing to do anymore.
When she finds out.
They get.
Leads. 
Dana is arrested.
Dorian  fed up  forces him to work in the mill.
Where Dana is bullied.
Kelly realizes.
She has no future and reluctantly elopes with Joey.
Meanwhile  Allison is relocated.
Where her parents try to have contact.
One night  she is strangled by someone.
The next day she is found hanging.
The police overrule her death.
Lawyer Steven Cord believes and suspects.
She could never hang herself.
She was murdered.
He travels.
Where she was found.
The owner tells her.
A Boston University student was working for her.
He disappeared shortly  and was never questioned by the police.
Steven believes.
This man has raped Allison.
He finds out.
This man is Dorian.
Dorian harasses Megan.
Scared  she calls for help  and afterwards goes outside.
Where Dorian runs over her.
Afterwards  Dorian returns home.
Where he finds out that Megan is still alive  but in critical condition.
He calls on Megan s condition.
Confuses Betty  who tries to understand why her husband is so taken.
Betty tries to run away.
When Dorian admits.
He catches her and almost pushes her.
However  Steven arrives.
Dorian is pushed off and falls to his death.
Steven takes Betty back home.
Where she reveals that he is Dana s biological father.
She explains.
She kept this a secret to assure that Dana would inherit Peyton s estate.
Steven is initially upset.
He later forgives her  and then bonds.
Dana next goes.
Where he tells Megan that they are not related  after which they kiss.
<EOS>
And out of jail  Melbourne standover man Mark Brandon Chopper Read is serving a 16-year sentence for kidnapping a supreme court judge to get his childhood friend  Jimmy Loughnan  out of the notorious H Division of maximum security Pentridge Prison.
He was.
To become leader  he ignites a power struggle.
Gains him more enemies.
Eventually  even his gang turn their backs.
Loughnan stabs him several times.
Chopper voluntarily has his ears cut off  this also gains him recognition in and out of the prison.
Order to be transferred out.
He is released.
Whom he can not differentiate anymore.
He reunites  but suspects.
She is involved.
He tracks Bartos down  shoots him and takes him  unabashedly claiming.
He has a green light courtesy.
He goes  only to find him worn out and poverty stricken by drugs with two children and a junkie fiancee.
When Chopper learns that he is now the target.
He kills a criminal known at a bar  but gets away with it by claiming.
It was.
He eventually ends up back.
Where he writes a book in the Melbourne underworld.
The book becomes.
A best-seller and Chopper becomes a criminal legend.
The film ends in 1992  watching himself being interviewed on television.
He is proud.
Watching  but when they leave he goes quiet.
The film ends.
<EOS>
The movie relates the story.
Who fell with the future Italian Fascist leader  Benito Mussolini  supported him while he was unemployed in the early 1910s  and married him  presumably around.
She bore Mussolini a son  Benito Albino.
The two lost touch and  upon discovering him again in a hospital during the war  she also discovered Rachele Guidi   and a daughter born in.
Who had married Mussolini.
When Guidi and Mussolini were living together.
Historically   Mussolini suppressed the information about his first marriage.
He persecuted both his first wife and oldest son and committed them.
Dalser died in 1937 at the age of 57 of brain haemorrhages.
Benito Albino died at the age of 26 in an asylum near Milan after repeated coma-inducing injections.
<EOS>
Moe is for assaulting Larry and Joe.
Moe appeals  claiming.
He is a sick man who was instructed.
This peace is broken.
Who are loudly rehearsing their The Original Two-Man Quartet routine to serenade Moe.
Moe cracks  and wraps Larry s trombone slides.
Realizing Moe is  Larry and Joe decide to take their ailing leader on a hunting trip to relieve his stress.
Moe takes to bread.
The Stooges start packing.
No sooner do.
They arrive when a hungry bear devours some eggs and potatoes while Moe has his back turned.
His nerves double frayed  Moe asks Larry and Joe to pursue the bear.
One thing leads.
The bear ends up  driving away with it.
Then   the Stooges get involved.
When Moe thinks he is.
Back  Moe ends his story by concluding.
He must go back.
The judge takes pity  and finds him not guilty.
Joe and Larry are disgusted and are about to get theirs.
But thanks the axe is now broken.
Moe begins to lose his nerves again.
<EOS>
Sylvia  a not-so-young woman  is working.
She has a painful relationship.
Laurence stabs one  perhaps fatally  to defend her mother.
When two pimps attack Sylvia.
Sylvia and Laurence go.
They begin a journey  first trying to track down Sylvia s first husband  Piotr.
Who had a son  eight years ago.
Sylvia desperately hopes to resume her marriage.
Sylvia and Laurence cross paths  a man out on bail and is trying to avoid the police.
Who decides not to return.
Joshua drives off.
Sylvia and Laurence also separate.
Sylvia continues her search  occasionally trading sex in exchange for rides  and sometimes on foot to the point of collapse.
Sylvia eventually discovers.
Piotr has moved.
Sylvia  Joshua and Laurence eventually reunite.
Sylvia still wants to track down Piotr.
A visit leads them to the burned-out house.
Where Sylvia once lived.
Sylvia eventually finds Piotr and her son.
Piotr has found a new  young wife.
Who is expecting a daughter.
Sylvia leaves them together.
She returns.
Who has indicated a desire to go his separate way.
He does  but returns.
Sylvia  Laurence and Joshua leave France together.
<EOS>
A military train guarded by American soldiers and Japanese police is attacked.
It travels.
Is carried out.
The train s cargo is stolen.
The crime is investigated.
Hanson  an American  and Japanese police inspector Kita.
Who  five weeks later  are concerned when a thief named Webber is shot.
He is questioned.
Webber lies dying.
He refuses to implicate his cohorts.
Webber was left by his gang during a thwarted robbery.
Who presumably are responsible.
Webber   does reveal  however.
Who is also an American.
He is secretly married.
Is a letter from an American named Eddie Spanier.
Who wants to join Webber after his release from a U.
S.
Prison. 
Three weeks later  Eddie arrives and finds Mariko.
Who is initially afraid that he is one.
Eddie gains.
Mariko s trust warns her to keep quiet about her marriage so that she will not be in danger from Webber s killers.
Later  Eddie goes.
Which patrons gamble.
There  Eddie attempts to sell protection.
He is beaten and warned to leave.
When he tries the same tactic.
Intrigued  Sandy arranges.
Him to be arrested.
Sandy s secret informer   obtains Eddie s rap sheet.
Who is connected.
Convinced  Sandy invites him to join his gang.
Consists. 
Eddie secretly meets with Kita and Hanson.
Whom he is working undercover.
Needing help.
He can trust.
He does not reveal his identity.
Hoping to discover  Mariko resides despite being ostracized by her neighbors.
Who killed her husband.
Who do not know that her relationship is platonic.
Sandy grows to trust Eddie.
Eddie is shocked when a wounded gang member is killed by Griff to prevent him from talking.
Eddie is also wounded.
Sandy makes an exception and saves him.
Eddie finally informs the worried Mariko.
His real name is Sgt.
Kenner  and.
He is investigating Sandy.
Meanwhile  Griff  Sandy s ichiban or number one boy  becomes jealous upon Eddie.
Sandy relieves the hot-headed Griff.
The next day  Mariko   notifies Kita and Hanson.
Who has fallen with Eddie.
Sandy s informant  reporter Ceram  warns him.
The police are poised to capture him.
Sandy kills Griff.
The robbery is aborted.
Whom he mistakenly assumes tipped off the police.
Ceram informs Sandy.
Sandy retaliates.
Sandy is chased up to a rooftop amusement park.
When the plan fails.
Eddie succeeds in shooting and killing Sandy.
Later  wearing his military uniform  Eddie walks.
<EOS>
Hitman Joe goes  to kill four people for Bangkok ganglord Surat.
He hires pickpocket Kong.
The gang will never meet Joe.
Contracts go through Kong via a nightclub dancer  Aom.
Who becomes romantically involved.
Joe s first execution is done with him riding a bike and stopping in front of the car.
He then shoots the target.
Originally he plans to kill Kong.
He leaves but after Kong gives him information.
His second target is a gangster/sexual predator.
Who buys young girls from their parents and sells them for sex.
Joe sneaks and kills the target by drowning him in the pool.
The gang attempt to identify Joe & he warns them off.
The kill does not go as planned  with the target nearly getting away.
Joe catches him and shoots him.
His fourth target is the Prime Minister.
Joe is about to make the kill.
When he has second thoughts  is spotted  and escapes.
Joe is now a target and is attacked by four gang members.
He manages to use explosives to take them out and is faced.
Joe decides to rescue Kong  so he sets off with one of the half-alive attackers.
Joe goes  kills most of the gang and saves Kong and Aom.
The fearful gang leader flees with three other accomplices.
Joe spots him and shoots the gang members.
Joe gets.
Joe realises.
The police arrive.
He has only one bullet.
He puts his head adjacent  puts the gun up to his temple and pulls the trigger  killing himself and Surat.
<EOS>
Wolf  Granny  and Twitchy are to save Hansel and Gretel from an evil witch.
The plan goes wrong however.
Granny is kidnapped as well.
Meanwhile  Red is.
Where she learns that a secret all powerful truffle recipe has been stolen.
She teams up to find the recipe and save her grandma  but she and Wolf ca nt get along.
The team splits up.
Meanwhile the witch  Verushka   tries to force Granny.
Who stole the truffle recipe.
Granny escapes and finds Hansel and Gretel  but learns.
They are actually the masterminds.
Granny is recaptured and learns  Verushka was always second.
Verushka was an old classmate.
Eventually Red  Wolf  and Twitchy team back together and infiltrate Hansel and Gretel s base.
Red accidentally reveals the final ingredient.
The truffles are made.
Hansel and Gretel eat the truffles transforming and go on a rampage through the city.
Hansel and Gretel betray.
Verushka and Granny convinces her to join forces.
They trick Hansel and Gretel.
Make them so obese.
They can no longer move their arms and legs.
Hansel and Gretel are then arrested.
<EOS>
Doris Duke  considered the wealthiest woman in the world  hires Bernard Lafferty.
Who lists Elizabeth Taylor and Peggy Lee  as her majordomo.
He explains  a euphemism spent in rehab to deal with his addiction to alcohol.
A six-month gap was due to health issues.
He assures Doris   he is capable.
Who immediately suspects the truth.
The viewer can quickly tell.
Bernard moves in.
He is a little neurotic  first putting portraits in his bedroom  then informing the rest of the staff he is now Miss Duke s eyes and ears and demanding they listen to him.
The brash and often crude Doris thinks little of him  not even remembering.
To correctly pronounce his name.
However  their situation slowly evolves  and is aided by Bernard.
Who stays through the night.
Doris teaches Bernard  especially the care of orchids.
He takes control during her frequent long absences.
Bernard are.
Himself enjoys tending the home and making sure things.
The first time is.
His sexuality is questioned.
When he peers.
Doris flirts.
Telling him belly dancing is a form of seduction and then performing a dance for him.
Bernard tentatively informs her.
He swings.
Doris encourages him to tone down his severe dress and wear brighter colors.
Doris begins to take Bernard on her world tours and convinces him to pierce his ear.
They grow closer.
Doris begins to favor him.
Also   we see Bernard cutting them out and keeping them for himself.
Whenever Doris is mentioned.
Doris begins to spend more time to seduce him.
Doris questions him  I do nt get it.
When Bernard backs away.
You do nt fuck me  you do nt steal.
What do you want.
Bernard becomes more relaxed  he begins to drink again  initially but eventually to an extent.
It begins to hinder his performance.
Doris has him committed despite his having consumed large amounts of her expensive  vintage wines.
Rather than dismiss him  as she always has done.
Doris suffers a stroke.
Bernard returns to take full control.
Bernard wears her makeup  jewelry  and haute couture and begins to affect a more feminine demeanor.
Order to humor her -- and to indulge his own proclivities.
One evening  Doris tells Bernard.
What she wants him to do after she dies.
A tearful Bernard promises.
He will perform her requests.
Doris s smile fades.
She tells him  I must really be crazy to believe a fucker  suggesting.
She still resents him.
Meanwhile  Bernard tries to keep attorney and economic advisor Waldo Taft.
Whenever he calls.
Taft dislikes and distrusts Lafferty enough to have offered him $.
To leave his position.
Taft calls the police.
Doris tells the police officer  prompting the officer to leave and blame Taft.
Bernard is only peacefully devoted.
However  Taft encourages Doris to hire a live-in nurse.
She agrees to hire a nurse.
Doris s faith and trust can not be shaken.
Bernard is very unhappy.
Eventually  he convinces her to not hire a nurse  instead taking care himself and only occasionally inviting a doctor to give her checkups.
A while later  Bernard gives a very sick Doris her medicine and injection.
She dies that night.
However  she appoints him executor of her massive estate.
A now obviously effete Bernard appears confident and in control  dressed in a style.
Acting. 
Is peculiarly similar at the beginning of the film.
We are told.
He waters the orchids.
There were accusations.
No evidence was found.
We are also told  he died.
<EOS>
The film is based by Camilo Castelo Branco  Misterios de Lisboa.
The plot concerns the story.
Who raises the student Pedro.
<EOS>
Sam Reide witnesses wakes up.
A woman killed  then.
Sam can travel back.
Where and when he wishes to arrive.
He has helped the local police capture criminals.
We learn.
Sam pays his sister Jenna s rent and buys her groceries  and that she rarely leaves the apartment and lives.
That night  Elizabeth  the sister  arrives at Sam s apartment.
She believes.
The man about to be executed  Lonnie Flennons  is innocent.
She offers to pay Sam to find the real murderer.
Sam turns her down  but goes to speak.
Who tutored him.
We learn.
When Sam was 15  a house fire claimed Jenna s life.
Sam altered time.
That Jenna survives.
However  Sam s interference resulted in the fire killing his parents instead.
Their buxom bartender.
He can not continue.
Seeing Rebecca s photo.
Sam changes his mind and agrees to help Elizabeth out.
He tries to help Lonnie.
Lonnie refuses the help  believing Sam to be the culprit.
Frustrated  Sam travels back.
He first runs  and tells her to stay in her locked car.
He goes   Elizabeth is attacked from behind and killed.
There. 
Sam returns  to learn.
He no longer owns a car  is renting his couch  and no longer works for the police  instead being a discarded suspect for Rebecca s murder who has repeatedly asked for the case file.
Lonnie had seen Elizabeth and Sam talking  and did not stop this time.
He was not  in this new present he is a wheelchair-bound lawyer.
Sam visits Goldburg.
Who suggests he go back.
This time only observe.
Sam also visits Jenna   she refuses to help him.
Who is significantly better off and living more cleanly.
Sam travels back the third victim  Anita Barnes  being attacked  only to learn.
It is her boyfriend attempting to cater.
He is discovered.
Her boyfriend s punch sends him back.
Where now Sam is renting a couch.
Goldburg is missing.
Lonnie is now the third victim.
Anita remains alive  pepper-spraying Sam after he approaches her in the street.
Jenna tells Sam.
Goldburg was about to implicate him  and furthermore tells him she fears a future Sam is the murderer.
Sam complains  Jenna pinky-swears him.
He is now too stupid to fix things.
Drunk.
Who is engaged.
The killer shows up.
Sam leaves.
Murders Vicki  her body is found.
He is hauled.
Sam left his bar receipt behind.
Jenna extricates him  the police put a tail.
He leaves.
He takes Det.
He leaves.
Glenn s evidence notebook   were found by the police.
He uses to look and travel back to September.
He returns.
She leaves  reminding him to clean up after himself and have.
Sam returns.
Where the police lie to arrest him.
Sam convinces Det.
Glenn to release him.
His wife mistook Glenn.
C.
Hammer.
Returning home  Sam accidentally inhales some burundanga flowers  sent  and can barely haul himself into the bathtub  before time-traveling back to the abandoned auto plant.
Where he finds a severely injured Goldburg.
Running  Sam is felled by a foothold trap.
The killer approaches the trapped Sam  removing his mask.
He does so  to reveal that the killer is actually Sam s sister Jenna  who can also time travel.
She has an incestuous love  having killed the women  either.
She perceived them  or because they were new witnesses  introduced by Sam s rescue attempts.
Sam travels back to the day of the fire  instead of saving Jenna  he traps her in her burning room.
Killed his parents.
He awakes.
Where he has married Elizabeth.
He  Elizabeth and their daughter Jenna are pulling up.
Where he is greeted.
The film closes.
Sam s daughter Jenna puts her fashion doll and smiles as it begins to melt.
<EOS>
Jimmy and Cherie face more difficulties in their romantic relationship.
Both individually end up.
They follow their jobs.
Both begin new relationships there.
But they ca nt seem to keep away from each other.
<EOS>
The movie is set during the.
Danh is a young boy growing up.
He often sneaks out to buy cassettes.
He should help his mother to sell noodles.
One day  he inadvertently stumbles.
Intrigued  Danh decides to buy the cassette  only to discover.
It is blank.
He finds  so she serenades him a song.
When Danh confronts Tam.
She is penniless and unable to repay him.
Enchanted  Danh finds a voice  a voice.
Has long been suppressed.
Is the ticket.
<EOS>
Two refugees  Ali and Massoud run away and meet Louise  a former miss Sweden.
Together they are on the run from the police and old memories through the Swedish summer countryside.
<EOS>
Maxine Noelle Westray is a beautiful and wealthy girl  yet she is incredibly spoiled and bratty.
Born  she only sees that day as a time for lavish and expensive gifts.
Her overworked executive mother is struggling to provide suitable gifts.
A disillusioned young minister does not see Christmas.
A minister should.
Then one day a drifter comes these three people s.
Lives forever and that the best gift of all does nt come in wrapping.
<EOS>
A war rages on  its end unknown  covering the world.
A group of soldiers bring in one of their own  wounded by a large  vicious  bite-like wound  along with a large box.
The soldiers are visibly shaken.
Suddenly  an enigmatic man appears.
Their night begins.
He starts to tell them the legend.
<EOS>
High school French teacher Sabine reads.
A translation exercise a French newspaper report.
It would have killed her  her unborn child  and many others.
The bomb had detonated.
It was discovered by Israeli security personnel.
Egoyan based.
Simon   imagines  the woman was his mother Rachel  an accomplished violinist.
Who lives.
The news item is his own family s story  that his Palestinian father Sami was the terrorist.
He was her unborn child.
Years ago  Sami crashed the family car  killing both himself and Rachel  making Simon an orphan.
Influenced.
Who disliked Sami.
The crash was not an accident but intentional.
Sabine asks him to develop the story  to read it to the class  and for dramatic effect to pretend.
It really happened.
He does so.
Discussions evolve.
Sabine is fired.
Tom   tows Sabine s car away.
Who is a tow truck driver.
Sabine follows him.
She offers him a meal in a restaurant.
Later she reveals.
She had been married for 5 years.
Sami met Rachel.
<EOS>
The film is  from Copenhagen.
Who makes a mistake  is sent  and then is assigned to a small town in South Jutland.
The interactions are intense.
The classic complicated issues are rephrased many times in the film.
<EOS>
Diamond thief Frank Warren is betrayed by his best friend Sam and his fiancee Noelle.
Who turns him.
Frank is sentenced at Camp Holliday  an experimental prison.
Where each convict is given an electronic collar containing an explosive device which is electronically connected.
Their collars will explode.
Any inmate tries to escape and is separated from the collar-mate by more than 100 yards.
Frank learns the inmate.
Frank both escape intact.
Tracey and Frank find  believing Frank will lead them to the diamonds.
They are being pursued.
He has hidden.
Can Frank and Tracey get without separating from each other more than 100 yards.
<EOS>
Andrew and his older brother Carl enjoy listening.
The local undertaker  Mr Bennett  tells them.
One night Bennett tells the tale.
Whose wife gave birth  one being good-natured while the other was clearly evil.
The farmer  ashamed  kept the twins locked in their room.
Eventually the twins got sick and died together  so the farmer sawed them and buried the good twin in a cemetery and the bad twin in a shallow grave near the house.
Later  Andrew and his friends decide to hold a seance.
Where the good twin is buried.
They unintentionally awaken the bad twin.
Who was accidentally buried.
Gradually  the bad twin possesses nearly everyone.
It is up to stop him.
<EOS>
Bimbo is walking down the street.
When he suddenly disappears down an open manhole.
He lands.
The leader asks Bimbo Wan na be a member.
He is repeatedly asked na be a member.
Bimbo is brought.
Lead him.
Out pops Betty Boop.
Bimbo flees before landing in front of the mysterious order s leader again.
Bimbo still refuses to become a member.
The leader removes his costume -- to reveal herself.
Bimbo changes his tune and decides.
He DOES want to be a member.
The rest remove their costumes  showing.
They are all Betty Boop clones.
Bimbo joins the Boops.
Tiger Rag and The Vamp are featured.
<EOS>
Stable grooms Laurel and Hardy overhear news  but think.
The reward is.
He speaks from an upstairs window  he tells them to bring Blue Boy in the house and put him on the piano.
When they bring the horse.
Where he ca nt see the steed.
This triggers a running gag.
Where Ollie explains patiently that  the rich are different from you and me.
He punctuates his lesson.
The three come clumping.
It ai nt even Saturday  a title card informs us.
Ollie has an altercation.
Snaps to the floor.
He reassembles it.
The torso segment is backwards  so its backside protrudes out.
When the statue s back upright and Ollie removes the coat.
Where its midriff should be.
Wrong again.
Working together  The Boys manage to lead the horse over.
Up he leaps.
Shots reveal.
He s at least hearing the commotion below.
Things seem fine -- Blue Boy is placidly up.
His owner has asked.
Ollie is left literally holding things up.
Stan rises.
Stan opts to keep retrieving the hat rather than help.
They finally get.
The piano leg wedged back  but not before Ollie s head gets squished between the two.
The three agents all then converge in a perfect storm of bad luck  the millionaire s mother returns home.
The refreshed millionaire descends.
Ollie twiddles his tie  apologies and he and Stan.
Blue Boy make a hasty exit  followed.
The priceless painting gets knocked to the floor on top of one of the detectives.
Whose face pops  replacing Blue Boy s face.
The short ends -- a gag at the expense of a cop.
This one has the officer  his rump is still smoking from the pellets delivered by the millionaire s shotgun.
<EOS>
Kaun.
<EOS>
Munna  Babu Kalyanam aka Bob Galy  Juju  Krishna and Kumar are five friends.
They come.
But all have common interests - spending their time downing alcohol  ogling at girls  watching porn and complaining about their parents.
Much  they have no interest in studies.
They even go as far.
They meet a depressed middle-aged man  Mangalam and help him home.
He passes out.
Mangalam enjoys their company and becomes a mentor.
They first use him.
One day  the boys see.
A teenage girl  Harini and all decide to ask her out.
Everyone s try ends.
They all become friends.
However  Munna is still with Harini and can not forget her.
He conveys his feelings.
She rejects him.
Later  Harini s friend tells Munna.
Harini would accept him only if he streaks.
But Munna believes her  does it and gets arrested.
She gets him out and accepts Munna s love.
When Harini finds out what Munna had done.
Eventually  both Munna s and Harini s parents find out and are furious.
They want them to focus first.
Her parents decide  the parents would not stand in their way.
Both Munna and Harini will not contact each other till their studies are over and  if they are still in love.
They continue.
The kids agree.
Meanwhile  Harini s mother  determined to end her daughter s relationship  arranges a wedding alliance between Harini and her younger brother.
Who lives  despite Harini s protests.
Harini and Munna run away and go to Tirupati.
Where they get married.
Parents disown them.
To show solidarity  his friends walk out of their homes too.
Mangalam helps them find a modest residence and the teenagers take up part-time jobs to support themselves.
This does not prove successful however.
Mangalam encourages them to explore their natural musical talents.
The teenagers form a band named Boys  making modern versions  and eventually gain recognition.
Soon  they are approached to make songs against the government.
They do it  and soon get arrested under POTA.
The teenagers show more resolve to succeed.
They are released.
They are finally signed by Sony Music and record their first album.
Krishna   accidentally tells Harini about their earlier encounter with a prostitute.
Celebrating their success.
A deeply-hurt Harini leaves Munna and returns  despite his protests.
They did not meet and that he did not have sex with the prostitute.
The friends begin searching.
The prostitute is the only one who could prove that Munna did not have sex.
Kumar spots the prostitute travelling and tries to get into the running bus.
He falls under the wheels of the bus and dies.
Munna decides.
His words were more and accepts Harini s decision.
Meanwhile  Harini agrees to marry her maternal uncle.
Their album releases and becomes a huge hit.
But  the lead female vocal for the group  the record labels are unwilling to sign the group.
Her parents accept  but.
When the boys request Harini s presence.
Munna sign the divorce papers.
Munna agrees  realising.
Their career is more important.
The group has a very successful live debut.
They dedicate their first live success.
Mangalam  now the pop group s manager  fields many calls to replace Harini with another girl.
A bout strikes her.
When she looks.
She gets angry and starts hitting Munna.
They finally share a kiss.
They fight.
The judge sees this.
She still cares and does not agree to the divorce.
It is implied.
Munna and Harini get back together.
<EOS>
George is a highly-strung professional photographer.
Who is starting to unravel with a Manhattan advertising agency.
Needing some time away Miles head to upstate New York to take in the winter sights.
The drive up is hardly relaxing.
George accidentally hits and severely injures a deer.
Ran. 
He s confronted.
George stops to inspect the damage.
Who flies  telling George that he and his fellow hunters had been tracking the deer for some time.
An argument breaks out.
Leaves George feeling deeply shaken.
They discover.
When George and Kim arrive.
A dark and intimidating presence seems to have taken it over.
The next day   a shopkeeper tells Miles.
When they stop.
Who changes after engaging in cannibalism.
The Wendigo also has supernatural powers and can change its appearance.
The shopkeeper then gives him a small figurine.
Shaken  Miles ca nt help but think.
The Wendigo has something to do in the woods near the cabin.
Later that day   George suddenly falls  leaving Miles alone and lost in the woods.
Sledding together.
Frightened  Miles approaches his dad.
When he is chased and passes out.
He is awakened later.
Who went looking once they did nt come home.
Kim and Miles begin a trek deep.
They end up  where they find a bloody George crawling towards the car claiming Otis shot him.
Frantic  Kim and Miles put George to the nearest hospital.
It is revealed.
George and Miles were sledding in the liver with a high powered hunting rifle.
George undergoes emergency surgery.
Miles walks  and hallucinates  faints and awakens only to find.
His father is being assaulted.
George has died.
Otis is confronted.
He kills the sheriff and drives away  being stalked by the wendigo  eventually ending up on a road.
He crashes and runs away into the forest.
Where he is hit.
The movie ends.
Miles watches it all  caressing the Wendigo figurine.
<EOS>
Big Bad Love shares its title and characters.
92 Days  Vintage Books  New York .
Pp. 
.
The story is dedicated.
The main character is an unsuccessful alcoholic writer  motivated to continue to write.
He is angry  yet hopeful.
He will sell a story.
Leon is forced to rethink his way.
When tragedy strikes a close friend and his daughter.
<EOS>
Jim Levenstein asks girlfriend Michelle Flaherty to marry him.
Michelle readily agrees.
Kevin Myers and Paul Finch serve.
The ` MILF  Guys - John and Justin proclaim themselves.
Unfortunately  the gang s obnoxious friend Steve Stifler crashes the couple s engagement party.
The gang tries to keep the wedding a secret  fearing  he instantly comes up with an idea to throw Jim a bachelor party.
He might ruin everything but after he finds out.
The wedding dress  so the boys set out to find the dressmaker.
Michelle finally settles on after long hours is made by only one designer working for one store.
They go and end up in a gay bar.
Leslie agrees to make the dress   also offering to provide strippers for Jim s bachelor party.
Cadence flies in for the wedding.
Both Finch and Stifler are attracted.
They each adopt the other s personality and mannerisms.
Jim is worried.
Salvation comes.
Who has taken dance lessons.
Stifler agrees to teach Jim to dance.
He be allowed to attend the wedding and plan the bachelor party.
Stifler arranges the party for everyone at Jim s house except Jim.
Who unknowingly has arranged a special dinner before the wedding to explain why he will be a good husband and finally win them over.
Bear introduces the three.
Who play submissive and dominant roles.
The party is abruptly halted.
Who poses as a butler named Mr Belvedere.
Michelle s mother opens a closet door and is shocked to find Kevin inside  stripped and tied to a chair.
The boys explain.
Michelle s parents accept this explanation  and tell him.
If he puts that much effort  she can give him her blessing.
A series occur  including Jim s grandmother being displeased and Jim shaving his pubic hair  then disposing of it too close to a vent.
The ceremony draws near.
Michelle is not Jewish.
Causes it to be set loose.
Stifler inadvertently disrupts the walk-in refrigerator s power supply.
Retrieving a bottle  essentially turning it into an oven and killing the many flowers put together for the ceremony.
Previously  Stifler  unaware  had revealed his true rude and obnoxious personality.
Angered and stunned  Jim asks him to leave.
All the others   support Jim s decision.
Feeling guilty  Stifler convinces the local florist to put together a new batch of flowers.
He enlists the help.
He also gives.
A rose  much to the amazement of Jim and Michelle.
Moved  Cadence agrees to have sex with him before the ceremony.
Stifler s presence is delayed.
Jim calls  citing how he is grateful to have friends like them to back him up when he is in need.
Quickly returning  Stifler hears someone in the supply closet and steps inside.
It is only.
When he gets inadvertently.
Michelle and Jim eventually get married.
The newly married couple dances.
Stifler dances.
Meanwhile  Finch is sitting.
When Stifler s mom arrives.
Stifler s mom mentions having a double suite and invites Finch to join her.
Agreeing they are.
The film ends on Stifler s mom and Finch in her suite s couple-size bathtub  having sex.
<EOS>
Charles Nichols is a respected doctor.
He is also a new widower.
As soon  he finds.
He returns.
Himself propositioned.
The hospital is ineptly run.
Where Charley works.
Typical there is the way.
A fractured jaw is being treated by Willoughby with a primitive contraption.
Charley frees her  angering Willoughby for stealing a patient.
Charley and his pal Dr Norman Solomon know  Charley agrees to nominate Willoughby.
Something needs to be done  but because the old fart now has a hold on him.
The divorced Ann proves attractive.
She is a bright conversationalist and bakes delicious cheesecake.
She sells.
Charley enjoys being and helps her land a job at the hospital.
He is reluctant to commit to a monogamous relationship.
Ann finally persuades him to agree.
A botched diagnosis leads to the death of a wealthy owner of a baseball team.
The widow  Ellen Grady  intends to sue  saying the only thing.
She knows about medicine is that nobody can practice it.
Charley tries to charm her.
They share.
A common background and Mrs Grady is definitely interested.
But she nonetheless adamantly refuses to drop the lawsuit.
She angrily hides his clothes.
When Charley neglects a date and shows up late with a lame excuse.
He showers.
Ann also wants him to show some backbone.
He does so anyway.
Willoughby reneges.
Charley takes back his nomination.
He then does his best to win Ann back as well.
<EOS>
The cartoon starts.
Nibbles arrives and passes Jerry.
Jerry saves Nibbles.
Jerry has been asked to take care over the Thanksgiving holiday.
However  Nibbles is   always hungry.
The note pinned says.
Jerry attempts to feed the little mouse.
His cupboards are empty.
Quietly  he leads Nibbles out  and sneaks into the living room.
Where Tom is sleeping.
Jerry allows Nibbles to drink the cream  before spotting a turkey.
Mammy Two Shoes takes the turkey and puts it then leaves.
Nibbles spots the feast too.
Nibbles proceeds to eat certain foods.
Jerry dresses himself and Nibbles.
The trouble begins.
When Nibbles swallows an orange whole.
Jerry hits Nibbles.
It shoots  waking him up.
He spies on the two mice.
Wearing a feather duster  catches Nibbles.
Jerry pops a champagne cork.
Tom returns  grabbing Jerry.
Nibbles takes a fork and propelled  launches the fork into Tom s rear end.
Tom picks up the offending fork and hurls it  catching him by the diaper.
Jerry runs up a nearby candlestick and whacks Tom in the face with a spoon.
Tom launches flaming pussy willows  melting Jerry and Nibbles  hiding places.
Jerry runs  and is knocked out cold.
They flee.
Tom grabs Jerry once again.
Nibbles catapults a pie  knocking the cat off the table.
Nibbles slingshots a candle  burning him.
That he appears.
Finally  Nibbles launches a champagne bottle.
Hits Tom and shoots him.
Tom finally surrenders.
Tom  Jerry and Nibbles say grace at the table.
Nibbles finishes his prayers and proceeds to devour the entire turkey.
Tom and Jerry are able to pick up their cutlery  leaving the little orphan.
<EOS>
Police and paramedics are busy cleaning up the mess.
Deformed mass murderer Jason Voorhees has left.
It turns out.
Delivered. 
Jason is still alive.
He rises  kills the morgue doctor  Axel   and heads back to Crystal Lake.
A group and Jimmy  have rented a house on Crystal Lake.
The group passes Mrs Voorhees  tombstone and a female hitchhiker.
The hitchhiker becomes Jason s next victim  stabbed while eating a banana.
The group drives off.
Next is the Jarvis home.
The group meets Trish and Tommy.
When they arrive.
The next day  the group befriends twins Tina and Terri.
Who live.
They all go skinny dipping.
Trish and Tommy  driving  stop to see.
Who is.
The group invites Trish that night.
Trish s car breaks down.
They are helped for visiting Crystal Lake.
Who soon becomes good friends.
Next door  the kids are enjoying themselves.
Each now has a date.
However conflict ensues dates.
These conflicts prove to be the least.
Jason predictably stalks and kills them one.
Sam goes out skinny dipping and is impaled.
He is stabbed.
When Paul goes out to be.
Terri decides to leave early  and is about to get.
A spear gets.
Rammed. 
Jimmy decides to celebrate with a bottle of wine.
Jason emerges and impales the corkscrew and then drives a meat cleaver into his face.
Searching. 
Upstairs  Tina  looks out the window and is grabbed and thrown two stories down  landing.
He gets too close and is stabbed in the head with a kitchen knife though the screen from the other side.
A stoned Ted watches vintage stag films.
Jason attacks Doug  crushing his head.
Doug and Sara finish making love.
He then kills Sara.
When she tries to escape.
Trish and Tommy find their mother missing.
Trish goes to Rob.
Rob explains.
He s seeking revenge.
Trish and Rob take Gordon  the Jarvis family dog  next door to see.
What s going on.
Tommy is left  and finds Rob s newspaper articles about Jason.
A frightened Gordon jumps through a second story window.
Jason kills Rob.
Trish flees back.
Tommy shaves his head and makes himself up to look like Jason.
Is effective.
She drops the machete.
Tommy picks it up and swings it.
Jason then falls  causing the machete to cut further into his head.
Tommy sees Jason s fingers begin to move  loses control and begins hacking Jason repeatedly.
He embraces his sister.
Trish screams his name.
The final scene has Tommy visiting Trish in the hospital.
Is over.
They embrace and hope their nightmare.
An alternate ending  included in the 2009 Deluxe Edition DVD  shows a dream sequence.
Where Trish and Tommy wake up the next morning.
Trish sends Tommy to summon the police.
Who have arrived next door.
She notices water dripping from the ceiling and goes to investigate.
She enters the upstairs bathroom  and finds the body.
Trish lifts her mother out  prompting Mrs Jarvis  eyes to open  revealing them to be solid white and devoid of irses.
Jason suddenly appears and prepares to attack Trish.
Trish then suddenly wakes up.
The director says.
This scene was cut because it interfered that this would be the final film.
<EOS>
Marion Chambers  Dr Sam Loomis s colleague  returns to her home on October 28 to find.
It has been burgled.
She runs next door and lets her two teenage neighbors know.
Someone has ransacked her house.
Jimmy Howell pops out in front of her wearing a Jason Voorhees mask.
When arriving  Marion gets shaken up when she gets scared.
Jimmy searches Marion s house  but finds nothing.
Marion decides to wait alone.
Someone is still and immediately rushes over to her neighbors house.
Marion discovers her file on Laurie Strode missing and finds.
She finds both teenagers murdered.
When she arrives.
The killer  Michael Myers  attacks her.
He manages to kill her.
The police arrive.
Michael leaves the house.
Laurie Strode has faked her death and is living.
Laurie has a seemingly perfect life with a son  John  a boyfriend  Will  and a great career as headmistress at Hillcrest Academy High School  a private boarding school.
However  Laurie/Keri is far.
The tragic events haunt her and adversely affect her parental capabilities.
To everyone  secretary Norma Watson this is just another Halloween  however.
Partially believes and will one day return.
Her brother is still alive.
Two days later   Michael manages to find her using the file  and starts stalking the school grounds.
Laurie runs  John and his classmates are having an intimate Halloween Party in the basement.
She is leaving  wherein Norma gives her some motherly advice and tells her to concentrate Later that evening.
When John s classmate  Charlie  goes to get a corkscrew and is attacked and killed.
She finds his body and is attacked.
When Charlie s girlfriend  Sarah  goes looking.
She climbs but  Michael tries to bring the elevator down by cutting the rope.
She climbs out.
It falls and partially severs her leg.
Michael then heads up.
She is and kills her as well.
They find Sarah s body hanging and are chased by Michael through the school grounds.
When John and Molly go looking.
John gets stabbed.
They are saved.
As Michael is about to get Molly and John.
Who open the door just in time  and just as the door closes Laurie and Michael come face to face for the first time since their last encounter 20 years ago.
Laurie and Will hide the kids and decide to try to kill Michael.
He takes Laurie s pistol and shoots the shape five times  only to discover.
When Will sees a shape approaching.
It was the school s security guard  Ronny.
The real Michael then appears and kills Will.
Laurie  Molly and John escape.
She tells them to go.
She chooses to go back with a fire axe from the security house to challenge Michael in a fight to the death.
She finds him and attempts to kill him several times.
He topples over a balcony  similar to the first film.
She approaches his body and pulls one.
She slowly raises the knife high  preparing to bring it down on Michael and kill him.
Ronny suddenly appears  apparently having survived the accidental shooting  and grabs her.
She can deliver the final blow.
He manages to restrain her and drags her out of the cafeteria.
The police come and put Michael s corpse  loading it into a coroner s van.
Laurie  knowing and not believing  grabs the axe and steals the coroner s van with Michael s body in the back.
Michael is incredibly hard to kill.
He is really dead.
Michael sits up and escapes the body bag  trying to kill her again.
Driving away.
She slams  throwing him through the windshield.
She then tries unsuccessfully to run him over.
The vehicle tumbles down a cliff.
She escapes.
Michael gets trapped.
Laurie recovers the axe and walks.
Where he is pinned.
He reaches out  apparently seeking forgiveness and compassion.
It seems  and begins reaching out to him.
She will accept this.
Then she slowly pulls her hand back and Michael  finally killing him.
Michael s head  still concealed  rolls down the hill.
Laurie exhales.
Sirens are heard approaching.
<EOS>
Sassy tomboy cabby Corky picks up hot-shot Hollywood executive Victoria Snelling.
Evening falls.
Victoria tries to conduct business over the phone.
The two develop a certain connection.
Sometime.
Victoria  who is evidently a talent scout or casting director  discovers that Corky would be ideal.
Corky rejects the offer.
She has plans to become a mechanic.
Helmut Grokenberger  a mild East German immigrant  now works.
Who was once a clown.
He picks up a passenger named YoYo  a brash  streetwise young man and attempts to drive him.
Helmut does nt really know.
To drive so he allows YoYo to drive.
They pick up YoYo s argumentative sister-in-law Angela.
The story revolves.
A blind woman goes with a driver.
The driver asks his passenger.
She attempts to explain  but their differences of life experience make things difficult.
He feels fascinated and gazes in her direction.
He drops off his blind passenger.
This inattention causes him to crash into another car.
Whose driver angrily accuses him.
An ironic twist turns upon a French pun near the beginning of it   some other Africans mock him with the punning phrase Y voit rien.
When the driver states his nationality.
A very eccentric cabbie picks up a priest.
He starts to confess his sins.
He drives.
Much  he goes into great detail about  then details a love affair.
He discovered his sexuality with a sheep.
He had.
The already-ailing priest is shocked  and promptly has a fatal heart attack  leaving the cabbie with a very troubling situation.
Three workers   climb.
An evening spent drinking heavily.
Of whom has just been laid off.
The workers talk about.
What an awful fix their now-unconscious friend is  by being out of work and having to face a divorce and a pregnant daughter.
The driver  Mika  then tells them all the saddest story.
They have ever heard.
The workers are terribly moved and depressed  and even become unsympathetic toward their drunken  laid-off companion.
The sun is beginning to rise.
They arrive home.
<EOS>
Richard  a coal miner  returns after eleven years of being a Soviet prisoner of war in Siberia.
His wife  two sons and one daughter have reached a minimum standard of living without him.
He has severe problems.
When he is unexpectedly repatriated.
His wife is running a small business  his elder son has become a Communist challenging his father s ideals  his daughter flirts with his former enemies  British soldiers.
His 11-year-old son Matthias   admires a local football hero instead  Helmut Rahn.
Who never knew his father.
He gradually softens such that.
Richard is initially very stern.
The final  father and son drive to Bern to see the match.
An additional plot is the personal triumph of Helmut Rahn.
Whom Matthias becomes a lucky mascot.
Rahn  nicknamed The Boss  has a successful record.
Is rarely chosen to play.
There are several miraculous events.
It is the sudden joy of scoring a goal with an abandoned football ball.
It is seeing Matthias on the sideline.
Spurs him.
However  the miracles are more mundane  the sudden rain.
Slows down the Hungarians.
Not so much the Germans fitted.
It s the unexpected euphoria of a win.
Heals many wounds  becoming a symbol.
<EOS>
An NSA agent infiltrates a concert.
Where Rammstein is performing only to be killed.
NSA operative Augustus Gibbons gets permission to run a project to find a person to infiltrate Anarchy.
Conventional agents are too obvious.
Xander Cage is a law-breaking  extreme sports enthusiast.
Cage s hideout is raided during a party by a SWAT team.
He is tranquilized.
Cage wakes up.
He notices and is not surprised.
Things are out.
Gibbons informs him.
Cage quickly foils the robbery.
The whole scenario was part and that he passed.
Cage tells Gibbons.
He s not interested and is once again tranquilized as he attempts to leave.
Cage wakes up.
S.
Marines cargo plane along similar to Cage.
The cargo door opens.
The group is dumped and taken captive by a Colombian drug cartel after stumbling upon a cocaine plantation.
The cartel leader  El Jefe  attempts to interrogate the three.
Who  believing the scene to be another NSA setup  jokingly refuse to cooperate.
Cage realizes.
The drug lord begins to use torture.
The others the plantation.
He is captured.
Cage attempts to escape.
The next morning  Gibbons says.
Exposing the Colombian drug cartel was another part.
Cage is  work for him or serve a lengthy prison term in Leavenworth Federal Penitentiary.
He grudgingly chooses.
Government employment and Cage goes undercover to find out more about Anarchy.
Their leader  Yorgi  is a Soviet Union.
Who has a grudge in general.
Xander finds himself drawn.
He negotiates a political asylum deal to secure a new life for her in America.
Cage learns.
Anarchy 99 is a terrorist faction  planning a series on major cities by utilizing a high speed  automated seafaring and river-faring drone named Ahab  which is equipped with a device designed to travel to highly populated areas to deploy its missiles and then submerge in the ocean.
The chemical weapon is made.
Are lethal.
Its formula has been missing in.
The chemicals are designed to harmlessly disperse in water.
Yorgi s goal is to bring civilization  destroying the system.
Killed many his military comrades.
An agent-turned-criminal  Milan Sova  unaware  finds Cage s methods extreme and defects in support of Yorgi.
Yelena is forced to kill Sova and reveals.
She is an abandoned agent who was assigned to monitor Yorgi.
Cage arranges an operation to raid the remote castle.
Anarchy 99 uses.
Cage is briefly captured  blowing up the mansion.
The Czech police arrive.
Yorgi escapes with his right-hand man  Kirill  an expert sniper.
Cage and Yelena follow them.
Cage kills Kirill using a heat seeking rocket.
He speeds.
Cage shoots and kills Yorgi.
It speeds down the Vltava River.
Cage finally destroys the drone and the chemicals.
Later  Cage is.
Agent Gibbons jokingly informs him that because  he has passed The Test  the Gibbons Test.
He also says.
He needs him  as something else has come up.
Cage ignores this.
Yelena go.
<EOS>
The movie revolves.
Money is the thing in life  he does anything for that.
He Comes.
Who settles down.
They get acquainted with each other.
E s simple ways attract Jothy.
Coming to know  Jothy tries desperate to correct his ways and set him on the right path.
Meanwhile Dr Ramakrishnan takes up the task.
May come handy especially during times of wars.
Dr Ramakrishnan chooses Jothy s sister and E s grandmother.
He cashes.
Things take a turn.
When E rescues Dr Ramakrishnan by Nellai Mani.
A sequence brings Nellai Mani and E together.
E hides him in a secret place and decides to hand him over to Dr Ramakrishnan for a huge sum.
Slowly E gets attracted.
E comes to know of Ramakrishnan s ulterior motives.
Nellai Mani  a revolutionary fighting  tries to bring about a change in E s heart.
Succeeding  Nellai Mani lays down his life leaving E to complete his task.
The rest is all all the way in putting an end to Ramakrishnan and his evil ways.
<EOS>
Sawako Kuronuma has always been avoided.
Her name resembles that.
They believe.
When one stared for more than three seconds  bad luck will befall the person.
They also believed.
She could summon ghosts.
These rumors got worse.
Sawako is unable to express her views openly.
However  Sawako is a kind person.
Whose motto is to do one good thing once a day.
Shota Kazehaya   is an outgoing student.
Who is popular.
Sawako helped Kazehaya   to find his way to the school.
Who was lost.
Kazehaya treats Sawako with kindness  making Sawako respect and admire him.
Sawako also made friends.
She agrees to play the role.
She manages to gain self-confidence and interacts better with her classmates.
The rumors also began to subside.
However  Ume Kurumizawa  an admirer  starts to become jealous of the way.
Sawako is being treated.
Strange rumors has slept with 100 guys started spreading.
Sawako distances herself  believing.
They were targeted because they were close to her.
She did not want them to get hurt.
Both Chizuru and Ayane felt hurt.
They overheard Sawako saying that she did not regard them.
However   Sawako stands up to the people.
Who were spreading the rumors.
Sawako did not back down.
Chizuru and Ayane were greatly touched.
Their friendship becomes stronger.
Kurumizawa  on the pretense of being Sawako s friend  confessed her feelings for Kazehaya to Sawako and asked Sawako for her help.
Sawako refused  saying.
Kazehaya was also special.
Kurumizawa then tried desperately to turn Sawako s attention.
That she could coincidentally walk past.
However  the plan backfired and pulled her away.
Kazehaya got jealous and grabbed Sawako s hand.
Chizuru and Ayane later discovered Kurumizawa s plot and cornered her  warning her.
However  Sawako begged both not to reveal this incident to Kazehaya.
Kurumizawa later confessed her feelings.
Who rejected her but said that he was happy that she confessed.
Sawako s father requested.
Winter came.
She take a bus home.
Sawako picked up she first met Kazehaya  causing her grief.
When applying  her teacher misplaces her student handbook  which contains treasured items such as a cherry blossom leaf.
Kazehaya and Sawako also begin to spend less time together.
Kazehaya used to walk Sawako home.
Kazehaya then tries desperately to go on a date and to confess to her.
Sawako always misunderstands and invites Chizuru along.
Kazehaya suddenly confesses his feelings for Sawako and asks her to be his girlfriend.
He also asked.
She could go out on Christmas Eve.
Sawako rejected him and ran  leaving Kazehaya feeling dejected.
To make matters worse  she did not turn up.
She promised to go  leaving Kazehaya in a foul mood at the party.
Chizuru and Ayane suggest.
She go apologize on New Year s Eve  when he volunteers at a festival every year.
However  Sawako s father s orchestra has a concert that night  leaving Sawako conflicted over.
To chose.
Sawako eventually decides  and apologizes to her father.
Meanwhile  Kazehaya.
The teacher passed.
Eventually  they meet up just and properly convey their feelings.
<EOS>
A litter are born to the Arable farm.
One is a runt.
John Arable decides to do away.
However   she rescues him and tells her dad.
When his daughter  Fern  hears.
It is absurd to kill it just because it is smaller.
She gets to raise him and names him Wilbur.
However   John tells Fern.
It is time to be sold.
She sadly says.
Wilbur is sold down the street.
His father says.
When Wilbur wants to play.
Sheep do not play because it is only a matter of time before they are turned into smoked bacon and ham.
Wilbur starts crying  saying.
He does not want to die.
A voice tells him to chin up.
The next day  she sings a song  and reveals herself to be a spider named Charlotte.
She saves him.
She eventually dies.
Three stay.
511 leave the barn.
But as much  they will never replace her memory.
Wilbur loves them.
<EOS>
A snowstorm leaves everyone.
Bah-Humbug Donald does nt have any Christmas spirit.
Mickey and all the other guests get hot chocolate and cookies to make Donald feel his Christmas spirit.
The fun starts.
When Minnie gets the Christmas cartoons to watch.
Their magical memories see.
Everyone has a holiday spirit  even Donald.
Everyone gets together and sings a musical number  The Best Christmas of All.
Included in this special are Mickey s Christmas Carol and a comic version of The Nutcracker narrated by John Cleese  and starring Mickey as the Nutcracker  Minnie Mouse as Clara  Donald Duck as the Mouse King  Ludwig von Drake as a Drosselmeyer-like character  and Goofy as the Sugar Plum Fairy.
<EOS>
Called Kalokairi  20-year-old bride-to-be Sophie Sheridan posts three wedding invitations to different men.
Who set off.
Sophie s bridesmaids and best friends  Ali and Lisa  arrive.
Sophie reveals.
She found her mother s diary and learned she has three possible fathers  New York-based Irish architect Sam Carmichael  Swedish adventurer and writer Bill Anderson  and British banker Harry Bright.
She invited them  believing.
After she spends time she will know who her father is.
Villa owner Donna Sheridan is ecstatic to reunite  and reveals her bafflement at her daughter s desire to get married.
Donna shows off the villa  rumoured to be built  and explains her precarious finances to Rosie and Tanya.
The three men arrive.
Sophie smuggles them and explains.
She   sent the invitations.
She begs them to hide  seeing the old friends.
Donna will have a surprise.
Whom she so often favourably speaks.
They overhear Donna working and swear to Sophie.
They will not reveal her secret.
Donna spies them and is dumbfounded to find herself facing former lovers  and is adamant.
She could never forget.
They leave.
She confides a secret -- she is uncertain.
She has kept.
Is Sophie s father.
Tanya and Rosie rally her spirits.
Sophie finds the men.
They sail and tell stories of Donna as a carefree girl.
Sophie musters up the courage to speak  but loses her nerve.
Sky and Sophie sing  but are interrupted.
When Sky is snatched.
Donna  Tanya and Rosie perform as Donna and The Dynamos.
Sophie is delighted to see her mother rock out  but becomes nervous.
When the festivities are interrupted.
She decides to talk alone.
Sophie learns.
Her girlfriends dance.
Donna received the money to invest from his great aunt Sofia.
Sophie guesses.
She must be Sofia s namesake.
Bill is her father.
She asks him to give her away and to keep their secret until the wedding.
Sophie s happiness is.
Sam and Harry each tell her they must be her dad and will give her away.
A shocked Sophie can not tell them the truth and  overwhelmed  faints.
They will take care of the men.
Bill and Harry are about to confide in each other  but are interrupted by Rosie.
Donna confronts Sophie  believing Sophie wants.
The wedding stopped.
Sophie says.
All she wants is to avoid her mother s mistakes and storms off.
An upset Donna is accosted.
Donna confronts him.
Both realize.
They still have feelings.
Tanya and young Pepper continue their flirtations from the previous night.
Sophie confesses and asks for his help.
He reacts angrily.
Sophie turns.
Their rift is healed and Donna reminisces and.
Donna helps her daughter dress.
Quickly she has grown.
Sophie asks Donna to give her away.
Sam intercepts Donna and begs her to talk.
The bridal party walks.
She reveals the pain.
She felt.
The band plays the tune  Knowing You.
When Sophie and Donna are walking down the aisle.
Donna tells Sophie.
Her father is present.
He could be any.
Whom Sophie admits.
Sam reveals.
Although he left to get married  he did not go through  and returned only to find Donna with another man.
Harry confesses.
Donna was the first and last woman he loved  and reveals he has begun a relationship from the taverna.
The three men concur.
They would be happy to be.
She tells Sky.
They should postpone their wedding and travel the world as they have wanted.
Sam proposes.
She accepts.
They are married.
Sam sings to Donna.
Prompts Rosie to make a play.
All the couples present proclaim their love.
Their raucous dancing causes the ground to crack and erupt from the fountain of Aphrodite.
Sophie and Sky bid farewell away.
Donna  Tanya and Rosie reprise Dancing Queen  followed by Waterloo with the rest of the cast.
Amanda Seyfried sings Thank You.
<EOS>
In the town of Puddleby-on-the-Marsh  England  Irishman Matthew Mugg takes his young friend.
Tommy Stubbins to visit eccentric Doctor John Dolittle.
It is Matthew s wish  Tommy finds.
The Doctor tend.
Dolittle  a former people s physician  lives.
The night is stormy  so Tommy and Matthew stay.
He tells them the story.
He learned to speak animal languages  497 to be exact.
He was once a doctor.
He preferred animals.
He kept a menagerie.
Was causing havoc and losing him patients.
A casual comment revealed.
Animals can talk  prompting Dolittle to study the languages of the animals so that he could become an animal doctor instead.
The following day  a short sighted horse named.
The horse s owner - General Bellowes - takes offence.
Bellowes  niece Emma Fairfax chides Dolittle to her uncle.
Dr Dolittle is unmoved  however.
She storms off.
By contrast  it is love at first sight.
He nicknames her Fred  due to her wishing.
She were a man.
He admits.
When she has gone.
He finds her attractive.
Long Arrow  a friend  sends him the rare two-headed Pushmi-pullyu  a creature  from Tibet.
Looks. 
Matthew  Tommy and Dolittle take the creature.
Who makes the Pushmi-Pullyu the star attraction.
Meanwhile  the doctor befriends a circus seal named Sophie.
Who longs to return.
He disguises her  sneaks her away  and throws her into the ocean from some cliffs.
However  two fishermen mistake the seal  and haul Doctor Dolittle off to court.
Dolittle is horrified to learn.
General Bellowes is the judge.
Dolittle proves.
He can converse.
The judge and jury agree.
Dr Dolittle belongs.
Dolittle s friends break him out.
He  Matthew  Tommy  Polynesia  Chee-Chee and Jip take the doctor s ship  the Flounder.
Emma sneaks aboard as well.
They set their course for Sea-Star Island  a floating island.
The ship is torn apart.
Everyone makes it.
What turns out to be Sea-Star Island.
Emma has arrived ahead.
They admit.
When she and Dr Dolittle are alone briefly.
They have grown to like each other.
There is implication.
Emma has begun to fall with him  though the doctor simply respects her cleverness.
The party is met.
Who are highly educated and cultured due that have floated ashore from shipwrecks over the centuries.
Sea-Star Island is endangered.
A balancing rock is shaken.
When Dolittle persuades a friendly whale to help push the island south.
The party are sentenced.
However   the doctor and his friends are freed.
When the whale pushes the island so that it rejoins the mainland.
Dolittle encounters a surprise patient - the Great Pink Sea Snail itself.
Treating the animals.
Who has caught a severe cold.
Dolittle cures him and discovers.
The snail s shell is watertight and can carry passengers.
Dolittle sends Matthew  Tommy  Emma  Polynesia  Chee-Chee  and Jip back with the snail.
Emma finally admits her feelings  and kisses him goodbye.
She expresses a wish to stay.
The Doctor is adamant.
A relationship would never work.
He does wish to stay.
Doctor Dolittle himself can not go back   furthermore  he wishes to investigate the natives  stories.
He is still a wanted man.
However  Dolittle finds.
His friends leave.
He is not so impervious as he thought.
Dolittle is still living  the animals of England have gone on strike without him  the people have changed their views towards him.
When Sophie the seal turns up  accompanied  with a message.
Even Bellowes has agreed to pardon him.
He returns home.
Dolittle and the tribesfolk then construct a saddle.
He flies back.
<EOS>
Prof.
Andrew Boran is a research scientist.
Who discovers strange radio signals.
The signals seem to predict natural disasters occurring.
They end up being held captive.
When he and his wife decide to investigate the source.
S been infiltrated.
These invaders plan to destroy the world.
Zindar explain - the Earth is a hotbed of disease.
Can not be permitted to continue polluting the galaxy.
<EOS>
A train carrying passengers and money is ambushed.
The passengers realize.
The Indians are disguised bandits and the bandits murder them all.
The bandit boss was travelling and steals the uniform off the corpse of a Colonel Wilkinson to impersonate him.
Meanwhile  the scene is observed.
The Indians are also found  Transylvanians arrived to make a living in the Wild West.
They are  Traian Brad  the elder brother.
Seen. 
Johnny Brad  a gunfighter.
Who arrived first.
Romulus Romi Brad  the younger brother.
They are accompanied.
Who speaks some Romanian.
June  an orphan girl rescued and engaged to Romi.
The Brads arrive and get a room in the Grand Hotel de Paris.
Johnny gets at the saloon with Mr Green.
Traian confiscates his gun.
A circus troupe has a show including a sharpshooter and Anabelle Lee from Paris  an actress and singer.
Traian and Bob watch.
The show and Traian falls with her.
The show is interrupted.
The Indians have attacked the train.
A posse is formed and finds the passengers massacred and scalped.
Traian changes his clothes.
However Anabelle and the troupe are part.
She is the lover.
Realized  a scout goes.
The Indians were not involved.
He convinces chief Black Falcon and his son Fast Arrow to go to clear the accusation.
The three are shot by the bandits and the misled townsfolk.
Fast Arrow escapes and ends.
Who offer him refuge.
Romi   goes and tells Anabelle in broken English to stop seeing Traian.
Who is working.
June is abused.
Romi can not defend her.
Anabelle charms Traian and the bank manager.
The troupe leaves.
She and his lover then rob the bank.
Encouraged  Johnny takes his gun and convince the sheriff.
The troupe are the bandits.
A gunfight ensues and ends.
The Brads leave.
<EOS>
The film centres.
Where Al Shaw  a former racing driver  lives.
Jacqui begins a relationship.
She leaves Al  taking daughter Georgie with her.
Al kidnaps Georgie  but is cornered  and agrees to hand her over in return for Ray.
<EOS>
Vinny Durand is a New York City taxi driver.
Who is obsessed.
Vinny returns home.
Where he lives.
But his mother calls it just another one.
Vinny arrives and tries to get to meet Jana several times  but is turned away.
Jana is to promote her latest horror film Scream.
Where she has been nominated.
Accompanying Jana is her manager and ex-husband Bret Bates  and the film s producer Alan Cunningham.
Who is her current beau.
Vinny phones hung up.
Bret to talk at her hotel room  but get.
Shortly afterwards  Jana is  You ve made your last horror film.
When she receives flowers and a note saying.
She finds him dead and runs away.
When she goes to see Bret.
But  the body is gone.
When she returns.
Vinny continues following Jana around and filming her.
Marty Bernestein runs and shrugs him off.
When Vinny asks him if he s willing promote his movie.
Marty meets.
Where they reveal that all have received the same notes that Jana and Bret received.
But  they think.
When Marty takes his suspicious.
Bret s disappearance is another publicity stunt.
The next day  Marty gets a letter to meet him in a theater screening room.
He is axed by a hooded figure.
When Marty shows up.
Vinny goes.
Jana attends more press conferences.
Where he attacks a stripper.
He goes.
Where he watches a gory horror film  and runs into him outside the theater.
The following day  Susan tells Stanley.
He convinces her to stay a while longer.
That evening  both are killed by the hooded figure atop a building.
Where Stanley is stabbed.
She falls off the building s ledge.
The killer has a movie camera and films all the deaths.
Vinny sneaks in with a bottle of champagne and surprises Jana.
She s taking a shower.
He asks her to appear.
She tells him to leave.
Angered  Vinny breaks the bottle and threatens Jana.
Jana pushes Vinny aside and escapes.
When the doorbell rings.
Jana  clad only  runs screaming through the hotel lobby being chased by Vinny.
The people think.
It is another public stunt and applaud.
Vinny  caught  stops and smiles for them  allowing Jana to escape.
Who runs.
What happened.
He will take her away.
The next day  Alan drives Jana.
Where a musician friend  named Jonathan  is staying.
Vinny follows them.
That evening  Vinny sneaks  but is chased away by Jana s bodyguards.
Who accidentally kill Jonathan.
Alan and Jana return.
Where Vinny sneaks.
Vinny subdues Jana and takes the unconscious actress away in his car back to the castle to film a scene there.
Jana waits.
Vinny films a scene.
Bret Bates shows up with another camera and a gun  and congratulates Vinny on setting everything up for him.
Bret is revealed to be the killer and the mastermind.
Bret reveals.
He realized that he had the perfect fall guy to set Vinny up for all the killings and to get even with Jana for leaving him.
Vinny throws his cape  distracting him  and runs.
But Bret grabs Jana and taunts Vinny to come out.
Outside  Vinny turns  blinding Bret.
Vinny attacks and decapitates Bret.
Jana steps aside.
Vinny stands and screams at this real killing  then  The image falls back to reveal.
Alan arrives.
This whole story is a movie that Vinny filmed with Jana Bates.
He is now back showing it to his mother in a screening room.
His mother tells Vinny.
She s finally proud for directing and starring in his first movie.
The old woman interrupts him to ask.
Vinny starts to talk about ideas for his next movie.
This movie reunites Caroline Munro and Joe Spinell  the lead cast members from the movie Maniac.
<EOS>
Gru  a super-villain  has his pride injured  an action.
When an unknown super-villain steals the Great Pyramid.
Is described.
Gru decides to do better.
Were always discouraged.
The plan is quite expensive.
Gru seeks a loan.
The Bank s president  Mr Perkins  is impressed but will only provide the money.
Gru can obtain a shrink ray first.
Gru and his minions steal a shrink ray.
The up-and-coming super-villain  Vector   immediately steals it.
Who was also responsible.
Gru attempts to break  but is defeated by numerous booby traps.
However  he notices three orphan girls  Margo  Edith  and Agnes  easily walk.
Gru  faking his credentials  adopts the girls  planning on using them to infiltrate Vector s base.
However  Gru has much difficulty nurturing them properly.
Eventually  Gru and the girls arrive.
Gru manages to steal the shrink ray.
The girls suggest a day  whereupon Gru agrees  believing.
He can leave the girls there.
He warms up.
Later  Gru returns for his loan.
Perkins rejects him again  stating.
They would rather see a younger super-villain   complete the theft.
The girls offer the contents to fund the plan.
Gru mopes about.
Gru  inspired  sacrifices parts.
Gru plans to steal the moon.
When it is nearest the Earth.
This ends up being the same day.
Gru becomes conflicted.
Dr Nefario  seeing this  arranges for the girls to be returned to the orphanage.
Gru proceeds  but is too late for the recital.
He then receives a note.
Who has kidnapped the girls  telling him to give him the moon.
Gru makes the trade.
Vector reneges  flying off with the girls and the moon.
Meanwhile  Dr Nefario has discovered  the bigger the object  the faster it will regain its normal size.
The effects are not permanent.
Gru  Dr Nefario  and the minions pull off a daring mid-air rescue.
The moon starts to expand.
As the moon explodes out and launches itself back into orbit.
Some time later  Gru has readopted the girls and treats them.
He writes them a bedtime storybook framed.
The girls perform their own ballet recital  with the movie ending.
They all get to dance to You Should Be Dancing.
<EOS>
17-year-old Rohan is expelled.
When they are caught watching an adult movie off campus.
Rohan returns home to a stern and abusive father and a 6-year-old half-brother  Arjun  not knowing.
What s.
His father forces him to attend engineering classes and work at his metal works factory.
His father s disappointment takes the form.
His kind uncle supports Rohan s ambition.
His father will have none.
One night he sneaks out  takes his father s car and goes to a local bar.
There he meets some seniors.
Who try to rag him.
Then he does this regularly  taking his father s car and drinking.
An uninterested Rohan deliberately fails the exam  leaving him free to pursue his dream.
That his father will give up.
His father is summoned immediately to school to take Arjun away because of something.
He has done.
This causes his father to lose an important contract.
Rohan comes home.
Where Arjun is being rushed.
His father says.
Arjun fell down the stairs.
Fearful lies to his father and says.
He passed his exams.
His father then goes to Calcutta.
Rohan impresses a lot of people including doctors and nurses with his stories and poems.
He finds out.
Arjun was beaten after losing a contract worth millions of rupees.
He gets to know.
He befriends Arjun.
Arjun had a fight and had hurt a couple of them.
Then his father comes back and finds out he has failed the exams.
He has a fight and is assaulted by him in the night and next day his father apologies to him.
A somewhat hopeful Rohan feels.
Maybe his father has realised the error.
His father then stuns Rohan.
He is going to marry again.
Rohan is supposed to work.
His father has a fight and calls him a ` loser.
When his uncle desires to keep Arjun.
Rohan pleads.
Furious burns Rohan s diary.
Where he has written all his poems.
Rohan calls Maninder.
Maninder invites him too.
One day  Rohan takes all his frustration out happen to see him in the act.
He spends a night.
His father knows and leaves him there.
His to-be stepmother and her relatives are there.
When he goes home.
He takes a bath  packs his things to leave home.
Rohan asks him.
A dejected Arjun watches him sadly.
When he will be leaving.
Arjun says.
He would be leaving the next day.
Rohan simply wishes.
Him luck and prepares to leave.
Rohan exchanges some words with his father  causing his to-be-stepmother to realise.
What his fathers real nature is  and when confronted  punches his father and runs away.
He spends the night and the next morning.
He suddenly realises that he can not leave his brother that he left.
He goes and takes Arjun with him to Mumbai leaving a note behind warning his father to stay away from them.
The movie ends walking away holding hands.
<EOS>
The plot revolves.
Jack  a three-year-old chimpanzee.
Who is the subject.
However  Dr Kendall loses funding.
Mr Kendall s boss  Mr Peabody  sells Jack  much to Dr Kendall s dismay.
Unfortunately  Dr Kendall dies.
Dr Kendall had set up Jack to be taken away.
Jack was sent by mistake.
Jack befriends a lonely teenager named Steven Westover and his deaf sister  Tara.
Steven soon discovers.
Jack joins Steven s junior league hockey team.
When it is discovered that there is no rule that chimpanzees ca nt play hockey.
However   Dr Peabody returns to reclaim Jack.
Jack shoots.
Check the net  they say.
Sure enough  he shot his shot so fast  it went.
Viewers must be reminded.
This is indeed a work.
<EOS>
Ning Choi-san is a timid debt collector.
Whose job requires him to travel.
He arrives but is forced to seek shelter in a deserted temple in the forest on the outskirts.
He did not have money to afford lodging.
That night  Ning meets.
A beautiful and alluring young maiden called Nip Siu-sin and falls with her.
However   he becomes increasingly fearful and superstitious.
When he later recalls last night s events the next day.
A Taoist told him that the people he saw were ghosts.
That night  he returns to spend his night there and confirms his theory.
Nip is actually a spirit.
Nip tells him her story.
She became eternally bound.
She explains.
As long as her remains are buried  her spirit will be forever enslaved by Tree Demoness.
Ning attempts to free her.
He seeks the help.
Who he met earlier.
Yin battles the Tree Demoness and attempts to free Nip s soul but fails.
Nip s soul is taken for betraying her master.
Ning is unwilling to give up and insists.
Yin helps him.
Yin manages to open a temporary portal.
Ning and Yin enter the Underworld and attempt to free Nip s soul.
They are unable to find her.
Eventually  Ning and Nip are able to see each other briefly.
When they come back after the fight.
Sunlight shines remains.
Nip can not be exposed or her soul will disintegrate.
Ning holds on.
He has a final conversation.
Nip tells Ning.
The only way to save her soul is to place her remains to rest before she returns to the darkness.
Ning follows her instructions.
Ning buries.
Nip s remains.
He burns.
A joss stick and prays for her soul while Yin watches solemnly behind him.
<EOS>
The picture tells.
Who intends to pull off one last heist.
Sprung by crime boss Big Mac  Earle agrees to plan the robbery of a resort hotel.
His partners include the hotheaded Babe  Red  and Louis Mendoza.
Is Marie  a dance-hall girl.
Whom Babe recently met.
Marie falls with Earle.
He is more interested.
Whom Earle had earlier befriended.
Intending to use his share  Earle goes through with the robbery  only to be thwarted by the ineptitude of his gang  the treachery of the late Big Mac s successors  and the fickle Velma.
Earle makes a desperate escape into the High Sierras.
Noir fate is.
<EOS>
The film features Harvey Keitel.
Who also works as a collector.
He is a conflicted soul  torn to his father  his sexuality  and his past.
<EOS>
A demonstration is interrupted.
When one is violently killed.
British security forces learn.
A militant group attached plans a significant act of terrorism.
The person killed was planted by the terrorists.
The Commanding Officer  Colonel Hadley  prescribes a line of inquiry for the investigation.
Two foreign officers arrive to train with the SAS.
Captain Hagen is a member.
S.
Army Rangers and Captain Freund is a member.
They are taken.
Colonel Hadley introduces them and informs them they ll be with Skellen s troop  consisting of Baker  Dennis and Williamson.
Hadley and Major Steele discover Skellen s troop torturing Hagen and Freund.
Skellen is dismissed.
The torture along are a ruse to repaint Skellen as a disgraced former SAS operative.
Hagen and Freund are innocent victims.
Skellen meets.
Who informs Skellen that he should meet Frankie Leith and Rod Walker.
Leith and Walker run The People s Lobby  the militant group believed to be planning the act.
Skellen tells his wife Jenny.
He ll be going away.
Skellen then visits a bar frequented and begins a conversation with Leith.
Skellen initiates a romantic relationship.
Leith takes Skellen and introduces him to the group.
Leith appreciates Skellen s SAS background  and offers him a job  she also allows him to move in with her.
To strengthen his cover story  Hadley informs Hagen and Freund.
The wronged men attack Skellen and inflict a severe beating  as a result Leith s few remaining doubts about Skellen vapourise.
Walker and his cronies still are not fully convinced.
Helga observes Skellen meeting the same unknown individual.
Their scrutiny intensifies even more.
When Walker and his associates witness Skellen meeting.
They use photos.
Skellen is not all he seems.
Walker orders Helga to kill Ryan  cutting Skellen s link.
Hadley has no choice.
To trust Skellen s abilities to uncover the group s plans and escape alive.
He orders police protection.
Skellen is denied details about the upcoming operation.
Leith and Walker instruct Helga and Mac to take Skellen s family hostage.
Leith uses this to blackmail Skellen.
The terrorists and Skellen arrive.
S.
Embassy.
Wearing stolen U.
S.
Air Force uniforms  they gain entry and take the U.
S.
Ambassador  U.
S.
Secretary.
S.
Chief  British Foreign Secretary  along with their wives and the embassy staff  all hostage.
Hadley and his police counterpart  Commander Powell  arrive to receive the demands of the terrorists.
A U.
S.
Nuclear Missile is launched  all the hostages will be killed.
Meanwhile  Dennis and Neil arrive with two fellow SAS troopers.
They set up  using sensing devices to covertly observe Helga  Mac and their captives through the wall.
Currie questions Leith s motivations.
Leith responds.
Her ultimate goal is the disarmament.
This opens a debate and political philosophy.
Only antagonizes the terrorists.
Skellen manages to separate himself by feigning a need for the toilet.
He uses a torch to signal Hadley  telling him to attack at 10 a.
M. 
Skellen creates a diversion.
Hadley ca nt get permission.
The British Home Secretary insists that Powell resolve the situation.
A mistake causes the death of the U.
The tension mounts.
S.
Chief.
This allows Powell and Hadley to get the permission.
Frayed nerves cause Helga and Mac to squabble  allowing the SAS operatives next door the opportunity to burst through the wall and kill both Helga and Mac.
The terrorists panic.
The SAS mount an assault.
Skellen overpowers and kills two terrorists.
The SAS  deploying  force open doors and enter through windows.
Skellen kills more terrorists.
They methodically clear the embassy.
Skellen joins to search for Leith.
The other troopers bundle the hostages.
Major Steele kills her.
When Skellen hesitates to kill Leith.
She can kill Skellen.
The Ambassador thanks the troopers.
They leave the embassy.
Skellen and his troop apologise and explain the reason for their actions  and make peace.
Skellen departs with his colleagues.
An on-screen list appears over the closing credits  accompanied by a rendition of the British Labour Party s Red Flag anthem.
<EOS>
Serial killer Garrick Turrell escapes from police custody and immediately resumes taking the lives of strangers whilst searching for his ex-girlfriend  Sarah.
Meanwhile  having met  Sarah and Kevin begin to develop a tentative relationship.
Turrell makes his way.
The body count builds.
As she seems to be getting her life.
<EOS>
The story starts.
Where a motorcycle gang starts breaking.
ACP Jai Dixit a no-nonsense cop  is called.
He is married.
Jai seeks the help and devises a trap to catch the gang.
It fails.
Kabir  the leader  eventually taunts Dixit by saying.
He could nt catch him even if he were right.
He is proved correct.
The failure seemingly leads to the break-up of his partnership with Ali.
Kabir then lures Ali.
Who was killed.
Ali falls with Sheena  another gang member.
The gang later goes to Goa to perform one last big heist.
Kabir now sets his eyes.
Kabir and his gang swiftly loot the casino.
Soon they realize.
Jai has led them right.
Ali was working the whole time.
A fight ensues.
Kabir manages to escape  and goes back to the gang s truck.
Where Ali has tied up Sheena.
Kabir then viciously beats up Ali.
Ali is saved at the scene.
The gang flees.
Jai and Ali give chase.
All the gang members sans.
Kabir are killed.
Kabir tries to escape.
He is then cornered with nowhere to go.
So Kabir decides to commit suicide rather than let Jai arrest him  and rides his bike.
The movie ends.
It is hinted.
Sheena will be arrested.
<EOS>
James  a young man terminally ill  sets out on a last hiking trip with his three best friends  Davy  Bill and Miles.
Celebrating his 29th and - as everyone knows - last birthday.
Their destination is James s favourite beach  on the Pembrokeshire coast.
Davy is a kind  loyal and responsible soul.
Who has been unemployed and helping James s family take care for quite a while already.
Bill is boisterous and.
Everybody hopes.
He is finally getting around.
Miles  lately absent  is a handsome intellectual turned into a businessman and the son of a successful novelist.
Who died  also  when Miles was a child.
James s and Miles s friendship used to be very close and has always bordered.
James is too weak to walk much any more  so he mostly sits and needs a lot of very practical and physical help from his companions  in addition to liquid morphine and other medications at increasing frequency to manage his chronic pain and other symptoms.
Having been ill already  he seems to be at peace with his rapidly approaching death and takes childlike delight in everything.
This last journey has to offer.
However  his failing strength and increasing discomfort and outright pain also bring out his bitterness.
His life will be over before he ever had time to make anything much.
Traveling over the rugged and isolated coastal terrain  the young men fool.
They also encounter various odd persons and situations and are faced.
Everyone s nerves and patience are sorely tested at each of his friends in turn  out partly of premeditation and partly of spontaneous anger due to pain  he seems to attempt to shake them out of mediocrity  settling for things and excessive unselfishness and into making.
What they actually want out.
Davy is mortified  Bill reveals  Miles counters James s attacks with equally brutal honesty regarding James himself.
His girlfriend is pregnant and while he knows that they are not right  under the circumstances he ca nt and wo nt leave her.
Eventually James and Miles come to reveal the guilty secrets.
Each has kept.
James found  copied and read the novel manuscript Miles finished years ago telling anyone  and has been jealous.
Also impressed.
Miles has kept away lately  but he is in love and sleeping with James s married sister.
He has been unable and unwilling to cope.
She and her children will soon come to live.
He did not intend James ever to know.
They finally arrive.
He still feels alive and before pain takes his life.
He asks his friends to allow him to do this and tell everybody.
They woke up and found his body in the water.
Horrified  they refuse  however  after temporarily losing James s morphine supply and witnessing him struggle with severe pain  they change their minds.
Next morning  James swims out keeping him company.
Eventually Miles helps him to drown himself and brings his body back.
<EOS>
Kottaiyur Dharmalinga Mudaliyar  a cunning scoundrel.
Who appears to the outside world.
Rangam  his virtuous and long-suffering wife.
Dharmalinga Mudaliyaar also has an eye.
Dharamlingam ensures.
Order to marry Thangam and get control.
Everyone believes that Rangam is possessed and is slowly becoming insane.
<EOS>
A head waiter works various scams.
He is told that he is to be placed.
<EOS>
The film opens.
The Raja is concerned.
His daughter Princess Rupali has disappeared.
The princess wanders and is promptly captured and tortured by the villainous Samri.
His trademark attack is mesmerizing the hapless victim apparently sucking out their life force  causing their natural eyes to be replaced with demonic white shades.
Samri s eyes gleam blood red.
Raja Harimansingh catches Samri and orders the soldiers to capture him.
Samri is put.
Where his terrible litany is read.
He has performed various heinous acts to please his demonic spirit masters and enhance his own evil powers.
He has raped and disembowelled newly-wed brides  he has mutilated and cannibalized young children  he has -- it shocks the crier -- exhumed corpses.
He reads out this charge.
He has terrorized the hamlets surrounding Bijapur.
The rajpurohit suggests Samri be subjected.
E. 
To be cremated  the Raja proposes another sentence -- Samri is to be decapitated.
The strongbox is chained to hold the evil in thrall.
Samri pronounces his curse  So  every woman in your line shall die at childbirth.
As my head is away.
I will arise and wipe out every living person.
When my head is rejoined.
The princely states merge.
The years pass.
The great-great-grandson now resides in the city.
Samri is long gone  but not forgotten.
His evil legend is passed to son in the Harimansingh clan.
His sinister curse occurs.
Ranvir Singh s wife died.
Suman  now a college student  has a boyfriend Sanjay.
They spend most.
One  he severely disapproves.
The Thakur learns.
Because Sanjay is not.
Suman is unaware.
Sanjay is steadfast.
They try to confront the intractable Thakur.
The latter succumbs and reveals the curse.
Has been terrorizing their families.
Sanjay finally understands the father and walks out.
However Suman leaves her home and convinces Sanjay to accompany her to Bijapur.
Where they can track and  if possible  to investigate the sordid tale put an end to their love.
They head down.
They undertake a frightening journey.
They are met by an old toothless hag Mangli and her mysterious son Durjan.
Who is the cook and chowkidar.
There is also a deformed woodcutter Sanga.
Who makes fast friends but secretly believes there is a treasure buried somewhere in the haveli.
The haveli has a painting  this painting shifts its gaze.
When Suman looks.
The eerie likeness appears through it.
Various other sinister events somehow lead Anand and Sanjay to smash the wall and uncover the strong box.
Holds Samri s head.
Misinterpreting the head to be potentially that.
Who incurred the king s displeasure.
Unfortunately Sanga and Durjan notice the whole incident.
Sanga  already biased  yields to his temptations and detaches the trishul.
Samri s undead head mesmerizes him putting him.
Sanga brings the head and rejoins it in a gruesome ritual  making Samri whole.
Samri begins his murderous rampage to eliminate the descendants of Raja Harimansingh and once again wreaks evil all over the surrounding hamlets.
The townsfolk are unprepared to deal.
Misunderstandings and tensions claim the lives.
Anand meets a horrific death.
The remainder barely withstand the onslaught.
When Thakur Ranvir Singh arrives.
He relates the legend.
He  too  does not know the means to defeat the bloodthirsty Samri.
Despondent  the townsfolk seek refuge.
Samri can not enter that holy ground.
They perform aarti.
Divine guidance comes  the trishul holds the key to check the monster.
Sanjay and Suman return.
Unbeknown  Durjan had moved the trishul to a different location within the haveli itself.
Sanjay and Suman find themselves trapped.
Sanjay manages to trap Samri in a coffin and  with the trishul in hand to check the monster  drag him out to the village square.
There  they construct a hasty pyre and burn Samri alive once and.
Sanjay and Suman were married and lives with Suman s parents happily.
<EOS>
The story is very similar to the opera Carmen.
Analogous the screenplay has four parts  Art music in figure skating  synchronized swimming and rhythmic gymnastics/Kunstmusik in Eiskunstlauf  Synchronschwimmen und rhythmischer Gymnastik Chapter II/2 Carmen on Ice.
PhD thesis.
Vienna.
Pages.
A Square  Micaela  a village maiden  brings a letter to the Corporal of Dragoons Don Jose.
Was written.
The cigarette girls emerge  among them the attractive Carmen  standing on the square.
Who starts to flirt.
The only man is Don Jose.
Who does not show interest.
Who is reading his mother s letter.
Finally  however  Carmen manages to attract also his attention.
The other young women are jealous.
One attacks Carmen.
Carmen slashes her face.
Others involve and start a street fighting.
Is stopped.
Everybody accuses Carmen.
Zuniga asks Carmen.
She has anything to say and also starts to flirt.
Carmen  however  is not interested.
Zuniga instructs Jose to guard Carmen.
Jose ties up her hands.
To escape  Carmen seduces Jose.
The corporal unties her hands.
Carmen can run away.
The angry Zuniga instructs his dragoons to guard Jose.
Evening  Carmen in waiting impatiently for Don Jose.
Who was released.
To drive away her boredom  she starts to dance.
The toreador Escamillo enters the inn and is welcomed.
He shows a virtuoso solo dance and attracts Carmen s attention.
Don Jose comes in and is welcomed.
Escamillo leaves the inn.
Who shows a solo  which leads.
Suddenly the sound is heard calling the soldiers back to barracks.
Carmen gets angry.
When Jose wants to leave.
Jose affirms his love.
The rose she has given at their first meeting.
Zuniga suddenly interrupts the two lovers and flirts.
Makes Jose so jealous  that he attacks the lieutenant  and leaves the service.
A wild and deserted rocky place  Carmen has grown tired of Jose  her new favorite is the toreador Escamillo.
She sits and tries to tell fortunes by the shapes made by molten lead dropped into cold water.
The shape is a skull.
She holds.
Carmen is scared and dances nervously.
Escamillo comes and makes Jose jealous by showing him Carmen s fan.
The two rivals start fighting.
Escamillo emerges victorious and retires.
A square of the arena in Seville  The square is full of people.
Who cheer to procession as the bullfighting team arrives.
Carmen welcomes the toreador and dreams with him.
Carmen is grabbed and pulled into an outbuilding.
The bullfighting team has entered the arena.
Jose begs her to return his love  but is rejected.
Don Jose loses control and stabs Carmen to death.
<EOS>
Norman Taylor  a psychology professor lecturing  discovers.
His wife Tansy is practicing witchcraft.
She insists.
Her charms have been responsible  despite him being the youngest and newest among his colleagues  and his well being.
A firm rationalist and angry  Taylor forces her to burn all magical objects in the house.
Almost immediately things start to go wrong  A female student accuses him  her boyfriend threatens him.
An unseen menace tries to break.
Tansy  willing to sacrifice her life   only saved by Taylor giving in to the practices.
Her husband s  almost drowns herself and is.
The film suggests.
He despises.
Later  Tansy attacks him.
He manages to disarm her and lock her.
Her limping walk gives Taylor a hint.
Where to find the person responsible.
He identifies university secretary Flora Carr  wife.
Whose career stalled  as the perpetrator.
Flora has his home.
Where Tansy is still locked in  go up.
Then   she awakens the giant stone eagle.
Presides. 
Flora s husband arrives and stops the tape machine.
The eagle disappears.
Tansy manages to escape her burning home.
Flora passes the again immobile stone eagle.
The statue topples over and buries Flora  killing her in an instant.
<EOS>
17 year-old Carol flees her small-town home to escape  and heads off to London to live with her aunt.
Once she is drawn to the sleazy excitement of Soho and finds work in a coffee bar.
She falls with handsome young nightclub singer Joe Shane.
Soon they are a couple.
She then discovers.
Joe is a small-time crook  with a gang background and a line in petty burglary.
Carol finds herself on the receiving end of advances from all manner of men  including her boss  Mort Wilson.
Who  though older  professes to be with her.
Joe decides to do one last job to make the money to take them.
When Carol becomes pregnant.
He burgles Mort s house.
Mort catches him.
Joe  himself severely wounded  goes on the lam with Caro.
<EOS>
Several power company technicians answer a call at Charles Graiman s home.
He is suspicious.
He did not expect them.
They threaten his daughter.
He does not cooperate.
Graiman suffers a fatal heart attack.
Searching his home.
They are.
They unsuccessfully try to stop.
Mike Traceur  a 23-year-old ex-Army Ranger  is awakened with two men.
Who are attempting to collect a $ 90000 gambling debt.
Traceur s car breaks down.
When he attempts to flee.
The men threaten Fass s life.
Traceur does not pay the debt.
FBI agent Carrie Rivai receives a call.
Graiman  her longtime friend  is dead and leaves her date  a woman she met the night  to investigate.
Sarah Graiman  a 24-year old Ph.
D.
Candidate  lectures a class on nanotechnology.
She receives a phone call from KITT warning her about the men planning to abduct her.
Her pursuers catch her.
KITT rescues her.
Sarah and KITT track down Traceur.
Who turns out to be her childhood friend.
Has not seen.
Whom she was involved.
He left home.
They find him  playing poker to repay his debt.
He is resistant.
When Sarah asks  but agrees when she offers to pay his debt.
The two set out to find out  and discover.
What happened.
Who is.
Rivai arrives  and is asked by the local sheriff to identify the body.
She discovers  the real Graiman escaped and left a double behind.
It is not Charles Graiman.
Graiman makes his way.
The two leave.
The men chasing them are mercenaries.
They are.
Controls the entire United States defense network.
Information needed to control  but is encrypted  only Graiman and Sarah know the encryption keys.
The system is contained in the mercenaries  possession.
KITT also possesses the data and can access the system.
Graiman contacts Sarah and asks her to meet him.
He advises Sarah to contact Rivai.
Rivai puts her phone.
When she does so.
The sheriff can hear the location  unaware that the sheriff is working.
KITT  Sarah and Traceur find.
The men have reached the motel  but have not found Graiman  as he checked.
Using KITT s infrared sensors  Traceur finds Graiman and his mother and rescues them.
Jennifer and Graiman reveal.
Traceur s father was a man named Michael Knight and that he drove the first KITT  forcing him to stay away.
Traceur is absorbing this information.
When they reach KITT and find one into his system.
Graiman asks KITT to shut down to prevent further infiltration  and suggests Traceur drive the car manually.
The mercenaries find them  shooting and killing Jennifer.
The group is leaving.
Graiman is taken away.
The other two are left to kill Traceur and Rivai and watch.
Traceur and Rivai overpower them.
Traceur and Sarah take KITT to chase.
Rivai stays.
Traceur and Sarah discover KITT s vulnerability  due to the loss of his self-repair capabilities.
His system is deactivated.
Traceur reactivates KITT with just enough time to activate his armor without allowing the mercenaries to hack into him  and turns KITT directly into the mercenaries  path  causing a collision.
KITT survives.
The mercenaries  SUV is heavily damaged.
Graiman survives.
His captors are mortally wounded or dead.
Graiman reveals.
He s re-forming the Foundation  and offers Traceur the chance to drive KITT  which he refuses due  saying I just do nt believe in the same things you do.
Traceur meets Michael Knight.
Who tells him what Wilton Knight once told him -- that one man can make a difference  and that he was that man.
They shake hands.
I hope so.
Knight prepares to leave  Traceur asks if they will ever meet again  to which Knight responds.
Traceur is.
Rivai  Graiman  Sarah and Fass bid him farewell and inform him.
Sarah kisses him goodbye.
A door opens.
Shows a moving road.
KITT drives out.
The door is the cargo hatch.
Then takes off.
Mike switches to manual  turns KITT around  and drives away.
<EOS>
Charles Stewart  the spoiled  dissolute son of a shipping magnate  is shanghaied aboard the Pilgrim  one of his father s own ships.
He embarks.
One is Richard Henry Dana Jr.
<EOS>
Velma is a good little rich girl.
Whose indomitable uncle orders her to wed Lord Tancred  a man she has never met.
The same day  she becomes infatuated.
She meets.
It is Lord Tancred.
She becomes convinced.
When she finds out.
He wants to marry her.
She feels betrayed and refuses to speek.
She makes an unusual discovery.
<EOS>
Early  a member of the Anti-Hippocratic Society  slashes himself in front of Professor Mueller LaRousse and an audience.
The main character is the young neurosurgeon Jo.
Who wants to complete his practical course.
He hopes to join the research group because his younger brother  Paula Henning has become a police investigator investigating the Anti-Hippocratic society.
Has Muscular Dystrophy  which was the cause.
The Anti-Hippocrats perform surgeries.
<EOS>
Ajay Bakshi is an arrogant but successful reporter working.
His father was a freedom fighter living.
Ajay thinks.
His fathers ideal & sacrifices have given him nothing.
He has no respect.
His father still sticks.
The rival news channel ropes.
Ria is antithesis & uses.
Her charm to get her work done.
Pappu Junior is a don.
Who is soon to be ousted  owing to his inability to make it big in the crime world.
Ajay approaches Choti  arrange a fake attack on a minister s brother on national TV.
Choti will earn.
Respect & Ajay s channel will gain TRP.
Little does.
Ajay know that the plan is going to turn too real.
The minister s brother is gunned down.
He panics.
When Ajay learns that he was not Choti s man.
Ria learns.
They decide to help each other nevertheless.
Mohan is arrested  but does not open his mouth even once.
To avoid any public unrest  the ACP declares.
Mohan is a terrorist working.
Meanwhile  Mohan somehow escapes out.
Ajay & Ria are fighting over the matter  unaware.
Mohan is hiding.
Mohan accosts them.
Where Ajay accuses him.
Mohan has an angry outburst & tells him.
He is not a terrorist.
Mohan goes on to narrate his story.
Mohan has an ailing wife & a now-dead daughter.
Mohan says.
His daughter went at the victim s office  where the latter raped her.
She committed.
Suicide & Mohan was left running.
Hence  he took the law.
Ajay & Ria are shaken & decide to help Mohan.
Ajay hands of this confession to his boss.
Unfortunately  the minister has joined hands.
He fears that their secrets might come out if Mohan surrenders.
Similarly  Ajay s boss forms an alliance after knowing about the tape.
The ministers & channel heads come together and trick Ajay & Ria to give the tape.
Only the tape do.
They give.
They realize what the truth is.
Ajay is angry  but comes up with a plan to retrieve the tape back from the villains.
He succeeds in obtaining the tape.
Here Mohan has been arrested & is sent to be publicly hanged.
Ajay succeeds.
& asks the public to stop this injustice.
The ministers try to stop the protesters.
The ACP decides to join Ajay & Ria  thus neutralizing the police barricades.
Mohan is made to wear a T-shirt containing logos of various companies.
& is prepared.
Just seconds succeed in saving Mohan.
Mohan s execution is called off.
Ajay s father tells him.
His ideals may not have given him money.
They gave him something far more important - Ajay.
Ajay proposes to Ria  Ria accepts after playful banter with him.
<EOS>
Live the black-and-white Rushers  and stop only to sleep.
Who constantly go.
Din lies.
Create dreams to deliver.
Where Greensleeves and his Figmen bring sweet dreams.
The other is the Murkworks  a dark and dingy factory home.
Who drop nightmare bombs.
The evil -LCB- -LCB- Proper name -RCB- -RCB- Botch  maniacal ruler wants to foil Greenie s efforts and subject the Rushers to non-stop waking nightmares.
He uses his vultures to kidnap the Figs and Greensleeves  but not writes an S.
O.
S.
Meanwhile  two misfits known  and Mumford  a Chaplin-esque mime  are put on trial for their incompetence at work.
Determined to prove  Ralph and Mumford take.
They can do something right.
They meet Flora Fauna  Greensleeves s niece.
They dump garbage.
Who has found her uncle s S.
O.
S and wants to find him.
Botch spies through Ibor  his robot gorilla  and uses Ralph and Mum s desire to be heroes to his advantage.
He cons the three.
In order to save Greensleeves  they need to go and steal the main spring from the Cosmic Clock.
Flora stays behind to act the part for Botch s nightmares.
Mumford and Ralph release the spring.
Causes time to freeze.
They chase the spring.
Botch sends his vultures to steal the spring and begin planting nightmare bombs.
A Fairy Godmother  or FGM  twinkles in to tell our heroes and gives them three dimes.
She likes to be called.
They have been tricked.
To make a phone booth appear in case they need her help.
FGM also recruits the help but musclebound Rod Rescueman to aid them.
Rod is more interested  and abandons the boys to find her.
Ralph and Mum find nightmare bombs scattered  ready to be set off by Botch.
He starts time starts again.
Mumford accidentally sets a bomb off.
The two are trapped.
Where they are chased and nearly killed.
The Fairy Godmother transports them back and tells.
When they are finally freed.
They re better off giving up and fires them from the hero business.
This only further strengthens Ralph and Mum s resolve to do right.
Meanwhile  Rod rescues Flora and attempts to get a kiss from her.
She tries to escape and falls.
She survives  however.
When she lands.
The trio and Rod storm their way  Botch s former nightmare screenwriter.
Who decides to aid them after Botch destroyed his recently completed novel.
Rod and Flora rescue Greenie and the Figs but have to contend.
Rod tries to save Flora again but fails.
Flora destroys the robot herself.
Mum and Ralph take.
The vultures fly the spring back.
Ralph finally manages to control his shapeshifting and tricks Botch  detonating every bomb.
When it seems Botch has killed Mum.
Time is restarted.
One last nightmare bomb appears and rolls.
As Botch is about to kill Ralph.
Terrified  Botch leaps out the window and is carried away by his angry vultures.
Ralph finds.
The bomb was really Mumford  who survived Botch s attack and hid.
The two now consider themselves heroes and earn kisses.
The spring returns.
Where the Rushers can enjoy life.
<EOS>
Agnes White is a waitress living.
Unable to move on some years previously  she engages in drug and alcohol binges with her lesbian friend  R.
C.
Her abusive ex-husband  Jerry Goss  has recently been released.
She is receiving silent telephone calls.
She suspects are.
R.
C.
Introduces Agnes.
Who says he.
Agnes and Peter reach out  and start a relationship.
The line is blurred.
They discover a bug infestation.
Peter is   mentally ill  and believes.
He was the subject by the U.
S.
Government. 
He was.
He starts to draw Agnes  persuading her  Agnes says.
The silent telephone calls are the government trying to track him down and when he starts seeing bugs.
She can see them too.
Jerry arrives and attempts to throw Peter out and restart his relationship with Agnes  but Peter persuades Agnes.
She rejects him.
Agnes also rejects R.
C.
When her friend tries to warn her away.
Peter comes to believe  so he pulls it out.
A nest has been implanted under one of his teeth.
He fills the room and his movements become increasingly twitchy.
He slaps  as does Agnes.
A Dr Sweet arrives  saying.
Peter has escaped while  and tries to persuade him to return.
Peter kills Sweet but tells Agnes.
He was a robot sent.
Agnes is drawn ever deeper and creates her own delusion  she comes to believe.
Her son had been taken by the government so that she and Peter could meet.
She has been implanted.
To prevent this  Agnes and Peter douse themselves and set themselves on fire.
The spectator can see first the toys of Agnes s son and then the body of Sweet in a house  a possible interpretation is.
Is not burned.
The suicide was only a hallucination.
<EOS>
The plot centers.
Who checks.
Abaddon Hospital to find horrors await him.
Awakening.
What was supposedly a simple colonoscopy.
He was mistakenly given a sympathectomy to cure sweaty palms.
Grow ever more bizarre.
The days tick.
He finally realizes that he is caught and seems unable to escape or awaken back in the real world.
He understands.
He understands neither nor what  if anything  he can do to awaken.
What the problem is.
We eventually see his condition.
It appears hopeless.
The doctors explain.
There was a complication that he ended up in an apparently permanent vegetative state.
He s been dead.
His family is being pressured to remove all artificial means.
Meanwhile   George Grieves is in a desperate losing battle with his own manifested fears and decides.
The only way out is to commit suicide torment he s had to endure.
He manages to leap onto the concrete below.
The final shot is.
Where it flatlines  closing its eyelids.
<EOS>
The film story is.
Who is born but has been brought up as a girl.
Hence is.
What happens.
The mannerisms get imbibed into his character.
He becomes the point among the public.
When he goes up.
Girls laughed.
Boys make fun.
Others ignore him.
It is this scenario.
Is included.
It is then the Mathews.
Decide to leave the town.
He reaches the area.
Where hijadas are prominent.
There he finds many people and finds the perfect place to live.
Who are.
He takes the name.
He looks up on a senior hijada named Hemakka as his guru and tries to follow her in her every regard.
The movie takes a turn.
When Sandhya falls with Niran Ghosh.
Sandhya understand.
Only way to get Niran Ghosh to love him is to truly become a woman.
<EOS>
The story concerns a hapless civil servant.
Who gets more than he bargained and finds himself on the catwalk.
The film sets out to explore the difficulties faced in keeping their identities in a fast moving culture of drugs and clubs.
<EOS>
Frank Diaz  an unemployed boxer  and his family have been living.
When  finally   comes word that an apartment may be available.
However seeing the social worker tells him it s not possible.
He does nt hold a job.
Him to get the apartment.
Frank tells a story about his time in the army during the first Gulf War.
This story causes the social worker to give Frank a chance to get the apartment.
The catch is.
Frank must have a job.
So Frank hits the cold streets  to somehow find a job.
That his family can have a real home morning.
They search all in hopes of a job.
They grow closer together.
Also learning secrets.
He goes to a construction contractor he s worked for ` off the books  but is denied a booked job.
You see the old man looking for Frank Diaz to give him a letter.
Frank s efforts to find a job prove impossible.
He does get a job painting a school  but is fired due to a criminal past.
Further efforts prove.
Futile and Frank   accidentally leaves the money he needs for the apartment behind and ca nt go back to get it or risk being arrested.
Ultimately he runs out and takes his family out for dinner instead.
His wife tries to get him to leave.
She can sneak out.
He does nt let her do it.
Frank spots the man.
Who stole earlier in the film and in a fit of anger and frustration  beats the man up and retrieves his jacket.
Frank s actions get.
No charges are filed.
The family kicked out.
Desperate  his wife calls her abusive ex  but the son  Justin  refuses to go with him  choosing to stay with Frank.
This causes his wife to change her mind as well.
The family heads for Brooklyn on a subway train to try a shelter there and play a game.
They played before they became homeless.
Music plays out.
The fate remain unknown to us.
Yet his loss gives a glib outcome for a family hit hard of poverty.
<EOS>
The film is based.
Sank May 1961  allegedly.
The film relates the ill-fated school sailing trip led.
Sheldon.
Whom the boys call Skipper.
He is tough and teaches them discipline.
He forms a close connection.
The boys must use.
When a white squall threatens their ship.
What Skipper has taught them to survive the horrific ordeal.
<EOS>
The movie begins.
Carla Moran a single mother  is violently raped by an unseen force.
Initially convinced the attack  a subsequent episode causes her to flee with her children to a friend s home.
Was a nightmare.
Evidently followed  Carla is nearly killed the following day.
When her car mysteriously loses control.
Urged to see a psychiatrist  Carla meets with Dr Sneiderman and tentatively agrees to undergo therapy.
An attack occurs.
Leaves bruises and other injuries.
We learn.
Carla suffered a variety including sexual abuse  teenage pregnancy and the violent death of her first husband.
Dr Sneiderman believes.
Her apparent paranormal experiences are delusions resulting.
He urges her to commit herself.
She refuses.
An attack  the two explore possible supernatural causes.
Carla happens to meet two parapsychologists.
Visiting a local bookstore.
Who she convinces to visit her home.
Initially skeptical  the scientists witness several paranormal events and agree to study the home.
Dr Sneiderman arrives and confronts Carla  trying to convince her.
The manifestation is.
She dismisses him.
Reassured  Carla begins to relax.
Her case is being taken seriously.
Carla s boyfriend Jerry visits.
She suffers a particularly disturbing attack.
He witnesses.
Hearing the commotion  Carla s son enters the room and believes.
Jerry is harming her  prompting him to attack Jerry.
Later  Jerry is so troubled by  he ends their relationship.
What he saw.
Desperate Carla agrees to participate in a complicated study carried out by parapsychologists at a local university.
A full mock-up is created as a trap to lure the entity.
Once inside  it would be frozen.
Dr Sneiderman arrives and unsuccessfully tries to convince Carla to leave.
The experiment can begin.
The entity eventually manifests and unexpectedly takes control of the helium tanks  attempting to kill Carla.
Who defiantly stands up  stating that it can never have her.
Dr Sneiderman rushes in and saves her.
They see the entity frozen into a very large mass of ice.
They escape the laboratory.
It eventually breaks free and vanishes.
Carla returns.
The front door slams.
A demonic voice greets her.
She calmly opens the door  exits the house  and gets and leaves.
The film ends.
Carla now lives with her family and that the attacks have decreased in both frequency and intensity.
She still experiences paranormal activities.
<EOS>
Set  the story revolves around Rani  an aspiring dancer.
Who meets Raja  an aspiring painter and singer.
They fall.
Their mutual love unfolds at an arts.
Rani s father wishes to get his daughter married soon.
But  Rani is bent.
The drama unfolds.
When Rani s pregnant sister Kamala and her husband along visit from Chennai.
Kamala s husband   leaves after a short stay in Kodaikanal.
Who owns a recording studio.
Her father wishes to get Rani married to her brother -- in-law and take care of the two kids.
Rani has to choose.
Raja ca nt take this and takes.
He loses hope.
Unaware  Kamala s widower meets Raja.
There he notices Raja s artistic skills and offers him an opportunity to sing.
He introduces Raja before requesting Raja to live there.
Raja s recording is complete.
The movie becomes dramatic.
Rani s brother-in-law finds out that Rani is.
Forms the crux.
The individuals try to compromise and sacrifice.
<EOS>
The power suddenly goes out  leading Peter to retell the story.
The Griffin family is watching television.
An Imperial Star Destroyer deploys a series of probe droids in search of the Rebel Alliance.
One droids lands on the ice planet Hoth.
Where the Rebels have set up a base.
Rebel commander Luke Skywalker is patrolling.
When he is attacked and taken back to its lair.
Han Solo announces his intention to leave the Rebellion to Princess Leia and Carlist Rieekan  with Leia objecting to his decision  however she denies it.
When confronted  saying she would rather kiss George Takei.
Han sets out.
When he finds out that Luke has not yet returned.
Luke escapes the wampa lair and has a vision.
Who tells him to go to learn the ways of the Force from Jedi Master Yoda  after offering him a bowl of Zima soup.
Han soon locates.
Luke and the two are rescued.
The Empire discovers the Rebel base  and Darth Vader orders an attack.
The Imperial fleet exits hyperspace too early  giving the Rebels time to evacuate the base.
Luke leads his squadron to hold off the Empire s battalion of Imperial Walkers.
Imperial stormtroopers break  forcing Han to escape in the Millennium Falcon with Leia  C-3PO and Chewbacca.
Luke escapes.
The Millennium Falcon enters an asteroid field.
Han decides.
They flee.
When they discover they have actually landed.
Meanwhile  Luke crash-lands and finds Yoda amid the foggy landscape.
Yoda trains Luke  guiding him  including watching sweet-ass DVD releases  and a training montage.
Parodies Rocky IV.
Darth Vader is ordered to capture Luke and turn him to the dark side of the Force.
Vader recruits bounty hunters to track down and capture Luke s friends  intending to use them to trap Luke  including Raggedy Andy.
Whom he orders to leave.
Falcon s hyperdrive broken  Han and company escape by hiding amongst a field of disposed trash  but are tracked by Boba Fett  after hitting a space bum collecting some of the garbage.
Luke has a premonition and leaves Dagobah to save them.
His friends are.
He has not finished his Jedi training.
Yoda initially does nt want him to go  but encourages it.
Luke suggests Yoda fight Vader himself.
Han and the others go Bespin to be turned over to Darth Vader.
To obtain help Lando Calrissian  the only black guy in the galaxy  only.
Han willingly reveals the location but is tortured by being forced to listen to Paula Cole s.
Where Have All the Cowboys Gone.
Han is used to test a carbon freezing chamber.
Vader intends to use to take him to the Emperor.
Leia professes her love.
Han tells her to fuck off and is then frozen.
Lando later double-crosses the Empire  freeing Leia  Chewbacca and C-3PO  motivating the guards.
They are too late to stop Boba Fett from flying off with Han.
Luke arrives and  after being briefly interrupted by Ryan Seacrest on American Idol  engages Vader in a lightsaber duel.
Vader cuts off Luke s right hand.
Vader goads Luke to join the dark side  revealing.
He is his father.
Luke casts himself and  after discovering  ends up hanging on an antenna beneath the city  calling out to Ben  Leia  and Tom Selleck.
A worker has shoved his severed hand.
Leia senses Luke s call and has him rescued.
Luke is fitted with an artificial hand  but told to practice masturbating with a hot dog first.
Lando  dressed  sets off with Chewbacca on the Millennium Falcon to rescue Han.
Luke is angry.
The story ends.
The story ends.
Then he receives a letter to the Future Part II.
The power returns.
Peter finishes his story  only to get over Robot Chicken.
Chris vows to not let Peter get his goat this time  but eventually storms off.
When Peter brings up.
<EOS>
The old man s cab is intentionally wrecked.
When a veteran cab driver  Pop Riley  refuses to be pressured.
The old man retrieves his handgun and shoots the bullying man known to be responsible.
Lands him  where he dies of poor health in fairly short order.
Pop s waitressing daughter  Sue  is asked.
Who are also experiencing similar strong-arm tactics.
However   Sue undergoes a complete ethical reversal about the notion of fighting back  feels thoroughly sickened by the violence and bloodshed.
She angrily tells the drivers.
Her unpredictably willful but passionate rant instantly lands her.
He eventually has a redemptive change  then seeks to charm Sue into becoming his girlfriend.
Other complications arise shortly thereafter  putting their loving relationship.
All too often tends to involve Matt s inability to control his own quick and fiery temper.
<EOS>
Deepak is  but is acquitted and set free.
Deepak gets possession s wealth and sets out to Bombay and starts a new life under the alias Gopal.
Sapna is his wealthy neighbor.
Who finds Gopal annoying and believes that Gopal is stalking her.
Soon  Sapna falls.
Her brother Pran wants Sapna to marry Prem.
Sapna tells Prem and Pran.
She is choosing Gopal  which enrages them and they both threaten to kill her.
Sapna and Gopal get married and while honeymooning  an attempt is made.
Soon  Sapna learns.
Gopal s real name is Deepak  who was previously accused.
Gopal s ever changing behavior throws everyone.
Sapna fears.
She will be his next victim.
Is Gopal innocent or Guilty.
<EOS>
Two war veterans are confronted in a small village in the north of Slovakia at the border with Poland.
This village is his home.
He persuades the inhabitants to emigrate.
It is isolated and lacks job opportunities.
The villagers have to sell all the cattle to be able to buy the boat tickets.
It still is not enough.
Marek Orban has to smuggle horses.
The second protagonist - customs officer.
Halva arrives to protect the borders and the law of the new republic.
Both men  they are led to conflict.
Results. 
The absurdity is underlined at the end of the film  the village becomes a part of Poland.
When the border is moved.
We can see Marek Orban smuggling horses from Poland to Poland.
<EOS>
Howard Beale  the longtime anchor  learns from news division president Max Schumacher.
He has just two more weeks.
The two old friends get roaring drunk and lament the state.
The following night  Beale announces.
He will commit suicide.
Chayefsky started writing the screenplay that newscaster Christine Chubbuck committed on-air suicide  some  including Matthew C.
Ehrlich  have speculated.
The scene was inspired.
UBS fires him.
Schumacher intervenes.
That Beale can have a dignified farewell.
Beale promises.
He will apologize.
Once  he launches back into a rant claiming.
Life is bullshit.
Beale s outburst causes the newscast s ratings to spike.
Much  the upper echelons of UBS decide to exploit Beale s antics rather than pull him off the air.
Beale galvanizes the nation  persuading his viewers to shout out of their windows I m as mad as hell.
I m not going to take this anymore.
Diana Christensen heads the network s programming department  seeking just one hit show  she cuts a deal.
Christensen approaches Schumacher and offers to help him develop the news show.
When Beale s ratings seem to have topped out.
He says no.
The two begin an affair.
Christensen convinces her boss  Frank Hackett  to slot the evening news show.
When Schumacher decides to end the Howard.
That she can develop it.
Hackett agrees  bullies the UBS executives  and fires Schumacher at the same time.
Beale is hosting a new program called The Howard Beale Show  top-billed as the mad prophet of the airwaves.
Ultimately  the show becomes the most highly rated program.
Beale finds new celebrity preaching his angry message.
Chants Beale s signature catchphrase en masse.
We re not going to take this anymore.
But in the flush of high ratings  the two ultimately find their ways back together.
Schumacher leaves his wife for Christensen.
But Christensen s fanatical devotion ultimately drive Max back to his wife.
He warns his former lover.
She will.
You are television incarnate  Diana  he tells her  indifferent  insensitive to joy.
All is reduced to the common rubble of banality.
He launches an on-screen tirade  encouraging viewers to send telegrams to the White House telling them  I want.
When Beale discovers that CCA  the conglomerate that owns UBS  will be bought out.
The CCA deal stopped now.
Hackett takes Beale to meet.
Who explicates his own corporate cosmology.
Jensen delivers a tirade in an appropriate setting  the dramatically darkened CCA boardroom  -- describing the interrelatedness of the participants in the international economy  and the illusory nature of nationality distinctions.
Suggests that Jensen may himself be some higher power.
Jensen persuades Beale to abandon the populist messages and preach his new evangel.
But television audiences find his new sermons to be depressing.
Ratings begin to slide  yet Jensen will not allow UBS executives to fire Beale.
Seeing its two-for-the-price-of-one value -- solving the Beale problem -- Christensen  Hackett  and the other executives decide to hire the Ecumenical Liberation Army to assassinate Beale on the air  the assassination succeeds  putting an end to The Howard Beale Show and kicking off a second season of The Mao-Tse Tung Hour.
The film ends.
<EOS>
It is Life Day.
Chewbacca  accompanied  is headed home to see his family.
The duo are chased by two Star Destroyers.
They escape.
Meanwhile   Chewbacca s family is preparing for his return.
Malla attempts to prepare a meal  the instructions.
Are being aired by an eccentric four-armed alien cook  Chef Gormaanda.
Hoping to find the Millennium Falcon  she runs a computer scan  but is unsuccessful.
Malla contacts Luke Skywalker.
Who   is working on his X-wing starfighter.
Luke tells her.
He does not know what happened.
Malla contacts Saun Dann  a local human trader.
He tells her.
Han and Chewbacca are.
Saun Dann arrives.
Back  Chewbacca and Han have just come out of hyperspace not far from Kashyyyk.
Han notices an increased Imperial presence  so they decide to land to the north.
Lumpy hears the roaring.
They enter the atmosphere.
Believing  Malla opens the door  but instead finds two Stormtroopers and officers.
Han and Chewie might be arriving.
The Imperials force their way.
An officer orders a search.
Attempt to distract them.
They search Saun Dann and the others.
The head officer orders the search to continue.
When the music finishes.
The head officer tells Malla to keep Lumpy busy  so Lumpy watches a cartoon of his father s many adventures.
They search his room.
The cartoon deals s first encounter with Boba Fett.
The Millennium Falcon crashes on a water planet known as Panna.
They run into Fett.
Who claims to want to help them.
They all board the Falcon.
Where Han has been infected.
Luke then contracts the virus as well.
Fett and Chewie go to get the cure.
Fett instructs Chewie to stay behind.
They get.
He gets the cure.
Once away  Fett contacts Darth Vader.
R2-D2 intercepts the call between Vader and Fett  causing worry for.
C-3PO is caring.
Evading the Imperials  Fett and Chewie return with the cure.
They learn of Fett s true allegiances.
Fett blasts  promising.
They ll meet again.
Everyone then escapes the Falcon.
Lumpy works to create a translation device.
When the cartoon finishes.
Will fool the Imperials.
To do so  he first must watch the manual  being presented by a malfunctioning  incompetent robot.
The living room viewscreen activates  announcing.
The Imperials are all searching downstairs.
Tatooine is now being put by the Empire  due to subversive forces.
The video is announced.
Much features Ackmena running the Mos Eisley Cantina.
Part is shown in the bar.
Ackmena is approached.
Who misunderstood something she said the other night.
Ackmena announces last drink.
When The Empire announces the curfew.
She sings a song  Good night  but not goodbye set.
When the creatures ignore her.
Lumpy uses this opportunity to put his plan  faking a repeated call for the Imperials to return to base.
They leave.
The head officer instructs one to stay behind.
The stormtrooper still hears the repeating signal and realizes.
They were tricked.
He finds Lumpy and destroys the machine  then chases Lumpy outside.
Han and Chewbacca arrive.
They both run.
Chewie protects Lumpy dispatches the stormtrooper.
An Imperial officer appears on the viewscreen  giving a general alert for the missing stormtrooper.
Saun Dann quickly says.
The trooper stole food and supplies and deserted.
The officer says.
He will send out a search party.
The danger averted  the family prepares to go the festival.
The family is seen  travelling toward a bright star.
They walk  arriving at the great Tree of Life.
Where many Wookiees dressed are gathered.
C-3PO and R2-D2 suddenly appear  along.
Chewbacca takes the stage.
Leia gives a short speech on the meaning and sings a song in celebration  to the tune of the Star Wars theme  missing the high note.
Chewbacca remembers the adventures.
He had.
That night  the Wookiee family sit around the feast table  celebrating the day.
Being back together again.
<EOS>
16.
America has two issues  or so she thinks.
She hates school and her aunt Carolina s alcoholic husband  Joey.
She passes the days shoplifting  hanging out and trying to avoid Joey.
America   is sent to Buenos Aires  Argentina to live with her reclusive and anti-American grandmother  Lucia America Campos.
Whose Spanish is limited.
America struggles to find her place with a grandmother and to hold onto a friendship with Sergio  a neighbor twice her age.
She has never known.
<EOS>
Half a million dollars is stolen by small-time crook Harry Mitchell.
Who splits it and takes off for Acapulco.
The mob sends hit man Dano Villanova to deal and get the money back.
Sol Madrid  an undercover narc  is out to find Harry first  hoping to persuade him to testify.
Stacey happens to be Villanova s former girlfriend.
Things get complicated.
Where a heroin dealer named Dietrich is engaged.
Mexican law official Jalisco is.
Stacey is taken captive and shot up with dope.
She can flee.
She s turned.
Harry is caught and killed.
Jalisco is nt  so Madrid not only must deal.
What he seems to be.
<EOS>
Suraj and Lala were good friends.
Falling prey is to blame for that.
They become greatest enemies and create chaos by way of gang wars.
Asst.
Commissioner has 2 criminal psychologists  KD.
Shalini weave a plot to bring Rahul  the lively and spirited son  close to Priya  the ever-so graceful and elegant daughter of Lala  hoping to bring the two sides together.
<EOS>
The documentary describes the situation  first in a short overview of the history of the area  followed by the 1990s conflicts and bombing of Serbia by NATO forces in 1999 and ending with the situation after the Kosovo War.
The documentary focuses as well as on numerous interviews of Serbian civilians and  less  of Albanian insurgents against the Milosevic regime.
<EOS>
The opening images are of the second plane hitting the World Trade Center on September.
The next segment shows images.
It also contains a list.
Have occurred that one reviewer described as chilling.
<EOS>
The story unfolds.
Where Sanjay  narrates.
Cut  the hero meets Pooja.
He tries to impress her.
But his hopes are shattered.
When he comes to know that she is getting ready.
Then comes Aarthi  a dance tutor.
She is a girl.
Unfortunately  the hero s attempts to settle down gets jinxed.
Then enters Anu  Sanjay s colleague.
Does he finds her apt.
Him forms the rest.
<EOS>
Two friends  Blue and Eli  each arrive.
Blue is a painter specializing  usually selling his images to porn magazines.
Eli s father wants him to take over the family s undergarment business.
Has been paying.
Blue is given an opportunity to have his work featured.
He can create enough new pieces to fill out a show.
His sexy model has a crush.
To please him even appears willing to participate.
An ex-flame  Syd  brings.
That she is seeing an artist rival.
Blue s self-destructive behavior also puts his relationship with Liliane  the manager of an art gallery about to exhibit his work.
<EOS>
Roger is a downtrodden meter reader  subject.
Who dreams.
To overcome his lack  he signs up for a course taught by Dr P.
Where Roger and his classmates are constantly bullied.
Who likes to use outrageous and unethical methods  including humiliation.
Some tasks are quite cruel and primitive - they meet just to prove.
They are required to do.
They are fearless.
However  nobody intends to quit the course.
Dr P says he wo nt give a refund to anyone who quits or disobeys the orders given to them.
The classmates even warn Roger.
Dr P will destroy him if his progress is too fast.
Like he has done.
Roger begins to develop a sense and finally asks Amanda for a date.
Participating. 
Where he uses tricks he learned.
Wanting to prove  Dr P starts competing.
He s still got his edge.
He approaches her.
He is a successful and child-loving surgeon whose wife has died.
Amanda   is immediately attracted and starts dating him.
Who is a voluntary caretaker.
He decides to take action to get Amanda back.
When Roger begins to see what s happening.
His actions are futile.
Which Roger humiliates him.
He could frame Roger.
Roger uses his authority to impound Dr P s car.
Dr P gets Roger fired from his job.
Roger learns from a depressed former student  Lonnie.
Who was also humiliated.
He shows Roger a fascicle.
Dr P is a fraud  who uses multiple identities and false stories to attract or distract his victims.
Dr P invited Amanda.
He heads and grants him two tickets - one for him and one for Amanda.
Where Dr P tells him he is a winner.
However  Roger does nt know.
Dr P has sent him.
He was again tricked.
He finally exposes Dr P s duplicity  it s revealed.
Dr P is nt a doctor or surgeon and that his wife is still alive.
Amanda finally realizes.
She was wrong and returns.
Dr P grants him a diploma - the first diploma ever issued by him.
When meeting Roger.
He also invites Roger to attend one as a guest.
Roger refuses.
The film closes.
What happened after the film s events.
<EOS>
A romantically active travel agent gives several woman the keys  and ends up trying to prevent them from meeting each other.
<EOS>
Sean Barker is mentally tortured into the Guyver and does not know.
What to do.
He is drawn.
Turns out to be funded.
They discover an alien ship.
There. 
Where Sean learns.
<EOS>
A wizard conjures a table and a box.
Then vanishes.
He jumps.
Pierrot emerges and takes a seat.
It vanishes along.
He can eat.
A man taps him on the shoulder.
He is transformed.
Lifting a half finished bust he prepares to set to work on it with a hammer and chisel.
For it to come and snatch his tools from him.
He attempts to embrace the sculture.
For it to disappear and reappear.
Finally the Elizabethan man reappears to kick him.
<EOS>
The story is set in.
Four men  the Duke  the Bishop  the Magistrate  and the President  agree to marry each other s daughters as the first step in a debauched ritual.
They kidnap eighteen young men and women  and take them to a palace near Marzabotto.
Accompanying them are four middle-aged prostitutes  also collaborators.
Whose function will be to recount erotically arousing stories.
Who   will sadistically exploit their victims.
The story depicts some.
Which the four men devise increasingly abhorrent tortures and humiliations for their own pleasure.
The captures of some victims by the collaborators are shown  and  later  the four lords examining them.
The Circle presents some of the stories in the first part of Sade s book  told by Mrs Vaccari.
The passions escalate in intensity from mainly non-penetrative sex to coprophagia.
One scene shows a young woman forced to eat the feces  later  the other victims are presented a giant meal of human feces.
The Circle starts with a black mass-like wedding between the guards and the men of power.
Which the Bishop is sodomized.
The Bishop then leaves to examine the captives   one girl is revealed to be hiding a photograph  two girls are shown to be having a secret sexual affair.
Where they start systematically betraying each other.
Finally  a collaborator and the black servant are shot down.
The remaining victims are murdered through methods like scalping  branding  and having their tongues and eyes cut out.
Each libertine takes his turn to watch.
The film s final shot is.
Who had witnessed and collaborated  dancing a simple waltz together.
<EOS>
Barbarella is assigned by the President of Earth to retrieve Doctor Durand Durand from the planet Tau Ceti.
Durand Durand is the inventor.
Earth is now a peaceful planet.
Weapons are unheard.
There is the potential.
Tau Ceti is an unknown region.
Donning the first  Barbarella sets out to find the missing scientist.
She crashes  on an icy plain.
Barbarella is soon knocked unconscious.
Who hit her with a snowball.
Barbarella is taken.
She is tied up.
Several children emerge.
They set out several dolls.
Have razor sharp teeth.
Barbarella faints but is rescued.
The dolls begin to bite her.
Who patrols the ice looking.
Barbarella offers to reward Mark.
Taking her back.
He asks to make love.
She reveals.
People no longer have penetrative intercourse  but make love by consuming exaltation transference pills  and pressing their palms together when their psychocardiograms are in perfect harmony.
Hand prefers the bed.
Barbarella agrees.
Hand s vessel makes long loops.
The two make love.
Barbarella is blissfully humming.
When it finally comes.
Hand repairs her ship.
Barbarella departs  promising to return  and agreeing.
Doing things the old-fashioned way is sometimes best.
Barbarella s ship burrows.
She is knocked unconscious by a rockslide.
She is found.
He states.
He is the last  and that he has lost the ability to fly.
Barbarella discovers.
The labyrinth is a prison.
Pygar introduces her.
Who offers to repair her ship.
Ping also notes.
Pygar is capable  but merely lacks the will.
Barbarella shows her thanks.
Pygar saves her.
Pygar soars overhead  having regained his will to fly.
She hums afterwards.
Pygar flies Barbarella  using some of the weaponry.
She brought to destroy the city s guards.
Sogo is a decadent city ruled over and powered by a liquid essence of evil called the Mathmos.
Barbarella is briefly separated  and meets a one-eyed wench.
Who saves her.
Barbarella soon reunites.
The two are taken to meet the Great Tyrant.
Pygar is left to become the Great Tyrant s plaything.
Barbarella is placed  to be pecked to death by birds.
Barbarella is rescued to the Great Tyrant.
Barbarella eagerly offers to reward him.
Dildano says.
She begins to remove her torn suit.
He has the pill  and wants to experience love the Earth way.
Dildano offers to help Barbarella find Durand Durand in deposing the Great Tyrant.
Barbarella is given an invisible key  the only place.
She is vulnerable.
Barbarella is captured.
She is placed.
Barbarella experiences increasing pleasure.
The Concierge begins to play.
Her clothing is expelled.
The Concierge tells her  she will die.
When they reach the crescendo.
He then begins to play faster and more furiously.
Barbarella writhes.
Eventually  the machine overloads and burns out  unable to keep up.
Barbarella then discovers.
The Concierge is none other.
Durand Durand traps Barbarella  taking both keys and locking them inside.
Dildano launches his revolution.
He prepares to crown himself lord.
Durand Durand uses his Positronic Ray to decimate the rebels.
The Great Tyrant then releases the Mathmos.
Consumes all with it.
Barbarella and the Great Tyrant are protected by Barbarella s innate goodness.
They emerge to find Pygar.
Pygar then flies Barbarella and the Tyrant away.
Pygar responds  An angel has no memory.
When asked why he saved the Tyrant after everything she had done to him.
<EOS>
The story concerns a handsome charro  and his fat sidekick.
The charro receives news.
He has inherited a fortune  and so he must travel to Seville to collect it.
A legal technicality impedes the speedy disbursement  so our the two heroes take jobs on a local ranch as farmhands.
It turns out.
The owner was formerly a bullfighter  and has fond memories of Mexico.
He befriends the charro.
The charro goes on to win the heart  and manages to recover his inheritance with his father-in-law s help.
<EOS>
The story follows the exploits.
Who must assume the identity.
<EOS>
A young man hiding from the Korean War learns about his father s death.
Fighting the Japanese.
His mother inspires him to fight the North Korean communists.
<EOS>
A young history student  Maida  a Christian  runs a free school.
The school is.
Once belonged.
Inspired President Sukarno to help form the Non-Aligned Movement  while living.
She decides to write her undergraduate thesis.
Maida learns.
One day her class is interrupted.
Who has been told to evict Maida s school.
Rioting breaks out.
Maida and Sakera argue.
Sakera protects the half-Chinese Maida  then tells her.
He will help her keep the house.
It is scheduled to be demolished.
Sakera overhears.
Attempts to persuade Muchlisin to keep the original design fail.
The house is.
Maida uses the information  as well as feedback  to discover.
The house has a secret underground bunker  in which she and Sakera - with whom she has begun to fall - find documents showing the history of the house.
She discovers the true ownership of the house.
Pahing   was arrested.
Who had grown up and associated with several historical figures.
Who coveted Pahing s wife.
Pahing was released to discover  their newborn son Fajar had been kidnapped.
His wife had been raped and killed.
Pahing later died.
When the flight was shot down.
Meanwhile  his son was raised and had his name changed to Dasaad Muchlisin.
Maida  Sakera  and Kuan approach Muchlisin and tell him.
The house features.
Muchlisin tells them to leave.
Several months later  - - Muchlisin comes to the church and says.
When they are married.
He has abandoned his plans to demolish the house.
Instead  he renovates the building and dedicates it.
<EOS>
Two music directors Bharathi and Kannan used to be friends and composed music together.
Bharathi decided to split and compose the music for the film by himself.
Kannan has a fight.
Who feels embarrassed.
He offers Kannan the chance to reconcile.
Kannan rejects this and instead gives details about the fallout.
Bharathi ends up losing the movie deal.
A war begins.
Both music directors hate each other and ca nt even stand to hear the other s name.
Bharathi is very successful.
Kannan  who is basically unknown  drinks away his sorrows.
Kannan s daughter Janaki lives.
Her father Kannan is still struggling.
Janaki goes and stays at a hotel.
Coincidentally it is the same place.
Where Krishna is staying.
He falls with her and tries to woo her.
However she ignores him and even pretends to be deaf and mute.
When he invites her to spend time together.
Janaki s tour is over.
Her bus leaves but leaves her behind.
She is late.
She ends up catching a public bus home.
Krishna sees.
Her gets and tries to impress her.
She is annoyed and ends up getting and getting a lift from a drunk guy.
Though she is attracted slightly.
Who ca nt control his car.
He stops the car and tells her to drive.
Krishna comes and agrees to drive the car.
They put the drunk guy.
They bond tells Krishna.
S she starving.
Krishna convinces a shop owner to reopen his shop.
Janaki is his wife and that she is pregnant.
They soon realise.
The drunk guy became sober and drives away  leaving them stranded.
Janaki pretends to be heavily pregnant and manages to stop another bus.
They learn.
Who the other s father is and are shocked.
Krishna takes Janaki back and leaves.
Janaki follows him and they admit their feeling and get together.
Krishna now has to return.
His mother breaks her leg and is.
He promises Janaki.
He will speak father about their marriage.
Janaki has one condition  She says.
If they disapprove she will not elope without her parents  consent.
Krishna agrees and goes to see him mother.
The doctor   tells Krishna s mother.
Who has really bad memory provides comic relief along.
She will send a nurse.
Bharathi has a fallout.
This is happening.
Kannan is recruited to anger Bharathi.
Kannan s music becomes extremely successful.
He becomes an overnight sensation -- gaining fame and being flooded.
Bharathi is severely affected and loses his prominence and offers.
This further angers Bharathi and his hate.
Seeing this  Krishna tells Janaki.
They must separate before he comes.
He will somehow make Kannan.
Janaki will make Bharathi.
Krishna goes to Kannan s house as a driver while telling his parents  Janaki pretends to be the nurse.
He went to pursue further studies.
The family doctor sent and tells her parents.
She has an extra class.
Krishna assumes the name.
Janaki assumes the name Nurse Kalyani.
It is not all that smooth.
The doctor who is known sees both of them at each other s houses and becomes very confused  providing further comic relief.
They are able to persuade everyone.
She is just confused.
The doctor gets extremely confused and believes.
They are all separate people that just look alike.
Janaki impresses Bharathi and his wife.
Krishna does the same.
Problems arise.
When Krishna is kicked out when he takes the blame after Kannan s father-in-law accidentally blabs to the media about Kannan s drinking.
Janaki is kicked out it is ironic.
She stands up and tells him.
He is named.
Bharathi soon after realises his mistake and invites Janaki back.
Krishna  however  has to struggle much more to gain back Kannan s trust.
Kannan.
Who introduced him.
Krishna follows the director day and night and even stays all night.
He convinces him to forgive Kannan.
When allowed to speak.
He invites him back.
When Kannan realised that Krishna helped him out.
Krishna and Janaki tell Kannan and Bharathi respectively.
They are and that their parents and their lover s parents are against it.
They convince them to speak.
The families arrive and are shocked.
When they find out who Krishna and Janaki really are and that they have been fooled.
Kannan storms off.
Bharathi accepts the reunion and so does Kannan s wife.
Who tells them to arrange the wedding and that Kannan will come as he would nt miss his only daughter s wedding.
Kannan does not turn up.
Janaki and Krishna turn up.
He is devastated.
They got married and feels that no one respects him.
Krishna tells him.
They are not married and that they wo nt.
He approves.
Krishna claims.
They will wait and remain lovers until Kannan gives his consent.
He comes and blocked his path.
Krishna drives away.
Kannan and his family have also arrived.
Kannan tells him.
All fathers will object.
He did nt expect Krishna to do.
What he did.
He tells him.
He better marry Janaki or else.
Janaki then brings Bharathi.
Krishna brings Kannan.
The old friends reunite.
The doctor arrives and informs Bharathi and Kannan.
Driver Pandi is actually Krishna and that Nurse Kalyani is actually Janaki to which the men act surprised before they inform her that they already know.
<EOS>
The film begins  a high tech space shuttle mounted with a computer-guided laser weapon.
Is shown to incinerate a man.
The film ends.
A group discuss the project  noting.
The researchers developing the laser have not yet been able to generate the power needed.
It is also stated.
It has no wartime applications and is designed solely.
One agent has moral qualms and quits the program.
It is strongly implied.
This agent is himself assassinated.
Meanwhile  Professor Jerry Hathaway meets up.
Hathaway lets.
Him know that he s been admitted  and also that he ll be rooming and working with with physics legend Chris Knight on Dr Hathaway s laser project.
We later learn.
Hathaway is the researcher contracted to develop the laser weapon  and that instead of doing the research himself  he s subbed the job out to his students and used his funding to remodel his house.
Arriving  Mitch meets Chris and is surprised and bit irritated to learn.
Chris  while brilliant  is also an irreverent slacker who spends his time constructing elaborate pranks.
Mitch also meets Jordan  a hyperkinetic female student  and the mysterious Lazlo Hollyfeld.
Whom he falls.
Who seems to live.
Hathaway s subservient graduate assistant Kent  becomes hostile.
When Hathaway puts Mitch.
Hathaway   cracks down on Chris  giving him an unrealistic timetable.
Chris dismisses this  and increasingly distracts Mitch.
Kent records Mitch s tearful telephone call and plays it over the cafeteria PA system at lunchtime  Mitch is ready to quit.
Chris convinces him to stay  He was the top genius at Pacific Tech.
He learned and became a recluse  living in the steam tunnels under the dorm behind a secret passageway in the closet.
Chris tells Mitch.
If he does nt want to crack  he needs to learn to have fun.
The first order is to get even with Kent.
The two disassemble Kent s car and reassemble it  much to his horror.
Hathaway  now nearly desperate to show the CIA some progress  berates Chris and lets.
Him know that no matter what he does  he will be flunked out.
Chris  decides to not only fix the power problem  but also to ace Hathaway s exam.
His efforts appear to be ruined.
When Kent sabotages the laser.
He has an epiphany.
Solves the project s power problem.
The beam is hotter than the sun  has an unlimited range and produces the required five megawatts of power.
Hathaway forgives Chris completely.
Laslo shows up  having overheard Chris s solution  and points out.
When the laser team celebrate their success.
The high-energy laser can only be used that it must have been conceptualized for this purpose.
Chris is devastated.
Hathaway has removed both the laser and a tracking system to aim it.
Their first step is to implant a radio transceiver.
Posing  Mitch tricks Kent into revealing.
The laser is going to be tested soon.
The group tail Hathaway.
Laslo remotely cracks the laser s computer and changes its target coordinates.
Chris and Mitch talk their way.
Where the gang have placed a huge tin.
They call the Dean and the local congressman to witness the weapon firing  and Mitch   orders Kent to visit the house.
It shines.
When the laser hits the house.
Kent becomes convinced.
He is having a religious experience.
The popcorn heats and expands  the house bursts.
Popcorn pours out  pushing Kent along into the street.
Meanwhile  the laser overheats and destroys itself.
Lazlo states his intention to get married and retire.
The rest watch as Dr Hathaway s newly destroyed house is ransacked by kids playing in the popcorn.
The final shot shows Hathaway pulling up to his house and seeing the damage up close.
<EOS>
An African Election is a political documentary.
Exposes the never-before-seen .
It captures the intrigues  the almost carnival like atmosphere.
Is laced.
<EOS>
Chris McKinley is a recent college graduate backpacking.
He is trying to enjoy and gain.
Much as he can.
There before he starts his new career back.
He meets a new trio.
When he reaches Pamplona along.
He meets an Australian thrill-seeker  a Spaniard named Adella  and a provocateur.
This new trio encourages McKinley to think about the life and path.
He has chosen to take.
He does so.
He must ponder.
When the time to leave becomes close.
Whether he should take the road or take a new path into his life.
<EOS>
Filmed  The Hooping Life follows eight performers  entrepreneurs  teachers and healers.
They use the hula-hoop and reinvent hooping.
<EOS>
The film centers.
Who   decide to play a prank on a random man.
Their goal is to seduce the man.
Ultimately humiliating him.
Their plan runs.
The man they choose to prank knows what they are trying to do.
The man then has sex.
Fox and Carmen Electra s characters tape.
They video.
The intercourse s  only for him to change both tapes.
He then goes.
They both have a lot.
They look good together.
They admit everything to each other.
Disturbing a couple eating dinner  decide to forgive each other and start out clean and honest.
Who they think that they are.
<EOS>
Retaining the play s poetic style  the film s lead cast consists.
Seven of whom are based.
Each character deals with a different personal conflict  such as love  abandonment  rape  infidelity  and abortion.
The characters are represented.
Each are different.
The characters interact.
The show opens.
Right   Kelly   attempts to visit Crystal on behalf of the children.
Juanita arrives to piss Frank off.
Who works.
She does not get very far.
She gets some good advice.
She flees her drug-addicted husband  Beau Willie.
Meanwhile  Alice shows up to beseech Tangie  but gets rebuffed instead.
Alice goes out to raise money  and encounters Yasmine.
Who gives her a little money.
Yasmine  a dance teacher  is boasting.
Dancing gives her underprivileged girls opportunities  a way.
Nyla tells her friends with a pack of cousins  then has to throw up.
Kelly s husband comes over and arrests two men.
Of whom is Jo s husband.
Juanita is waiting  with Jo s terrified assistant  Katina  running scared and making tea.
Crystal running late.
Jo rejects the work  demanding work of the highest caliber.
Juanita is let  and attempts to interest Jo in her work at starting a medical center.
But Jo refuses  asserting.
Everyone rises and falls.
Juanita tries to warn her.
She can not even see.
She asks Jo.
What the price she has to pay to be so powerful  yet self-centered  then forcefully storms out.
Kelly and her husband visit a physician.
Who reveals she had an untreated STD that has stripped her.
So Kelly runs off.
Juanita gives condom advice  only to be bothered by Frank.
She brushes him off and returns.
To avoid unwanted consequences.
Tangie   finds a man and decides to show him a night.
Who works.
That night  Crystal implores Beau to stop drinking.
He cares only.
Jo  meanwhile  implores her husband to call her  revealing.
They d had a fight that night.
We also see Yasmine and Bill having a magical night.
Alice comes home  grumbling.
Nyla moved her box.
But Alice shows Nyla the money.
She has been collecting and asking  and gives it to her  believing that it is for Nyla s entrance into college.
It is not enough.
Asking Tangie is discussed  but Alice instead tells Nyla.
Her god will provide.
Yasmine continues her date  explaining.
She loved dance more  until she met Bill.
Meanwhile  Tangie is having a great time.
She discoveres the man thinks she is a prostitute.
She throws him out only to be met in the hall.
Nyla requests money.
Angers Tangie.
Tangie correctly diagnoses Nyla as pregnant.
Nyla denies.
Tangie relishes her cruelty  enjoying the idea.
Alice will hate Nyla the way she hates Tangie.
So she tells her  and.
To find her.
Jo is.
When her husband returns.
He claims.
His battery died.
That does not stop her.
We learn  the source she mentioned earlier.
He took money for an investment that failed.
He feels emasculated  stripped  in favor of him submitting to her will.
Kelly s husband comes home and sees Kelly  so Kelly decides to pour her heart out.
She and a friend were dating the same man  unbeknownst.
Before she was married.
He also gave her a disease.
Caused her infertility.
Her husband loves her  and stands by her side.
Frank attempts to bother Juanita again  seducing her heavily resistant will.
The next day  Crystal makes an appointment  then delivers flowers and phone call from Jo s husband.
He allows himself to go.
He hates.
However  he is clearly looking  desiringly.
Yasmine is elated.
When Tangie comes to pay Nyla s three-hundred dollar bill.
She warns Yasmine  and offers to pay on Nyla s behalf.
Yasmine informs her.
There is nothing she has to pay.
Tangie realizes.
Nyla s gone to see the abortionist  Rose  which indeed she has.
The abortionist is terrifying  and probably drunk.
Yasmine lets her suitor.
Jo is  watching as her husband and another man give each other the eye.
He removes his clothes  then hers  and savagely rapes her.
The next morning  Jo angrily demands Crystal find a list.
Crystal realizes  horrified  that she left.
Jo takes her home.
Seeing a male driver  Beau Willie believes.
Crystal is having an affair.
The abuse begins  and can be heard.
She watches the kids.
She tries to calm their fears.
Going  he captures the children and brutally kills them by dropping them out the window.
Gilda goes to find help.
Beau later gets arrested and is sent for the murder of his own children.
Jo and an arriving Juanita all serve to the brutal murder of the children.
Kelly s husband interviews Yasmine.
Which she gives him a blistering poem.
Alice storms.
Nyla was found alone and badly wounded.
Kelly  walking  discovers the grieving Crystal  along with Jo  Gilda  Juanita  and Kelly s husband.
Remembering these people and learning  she tells her husband.
Exactly who to go  and where.
Alice storms Tangie s house and confronts her  violently  seeing the abortionist.
She throws Tangie s newest conquest out.
They argue.
They also recite poem and.
We learn.
Tangie s grandfather  Alice s father  had his way  too  causing Alice to send her to the abortionist.
But Alice was watching her  supervising and protecting her.
Whereas Nyla was unsupervised.
She reveals.
Her father not only took her virginity  but  forced her to make granddaughters with a white man.
Finally  Tangie screams.
Alice  thinking herself so holy  let their grandfather molest her and she sees Gilda.
Gilda replies nothing  then intrudes on her apartment.
When she yells what are you looking.
Tangie accidentally locked herself out.
Gilda treats Tangie s shiner.
She tells her  she needs to find the root.
It is not just sex.
She is ever going to be healed.
She knows this.
She once was just.
Juanita comes home to find Frank gone.
He soon comes home.
Jo informs her husband.
Who comes home far too late.
Her tears wash away some to the suffering of others.
She realizes how she failed to notice the clear abuse Crystal was going through.
Alice and Nyla come home.
Alice forces Nyla to pray.
Anointing her head.
She attempts to exorcise her daughter.
Which Nyla slaps her and flees.
She tries to seek help.
Who does not sleep  but sits with a knife  causing Nyla to flee again.
Crystal tries to scrub away the blood on the sidewalk  with assistance from Kelly.
She weeps  finding life no longer feels real.
Kelly recognizes Crystal and they both get Nyla cleaned up.
Tangie shows up  so Nyla confronts her about the abortionist.
The man takes an interest as well  so Tangie accuses him of pedophila and turns him away with disgust.
Tangie and Nyla argue  again.
Tangie admits.
She has lost touch  and that she is too hurt to love anyone else.
Yasmine dances alone.
The dance helps.
Her begin to regain the power taken in the rape.
Kelly s husband leads her.
He was stabbed by a woman.
He had raped her.
Yasmine slaps his face  regaining more.
Crystal attempts suicide.
Juanita comes in  revealing.
Kelly  Gilda and the sisters wait.
She had been saved but still needed some rest.
Kelly berates herself.
She was wasting her time.
Juanita comes home  and some of hers  too  in a metaphoric sense.
A poem helps her express.
Juanita continues hers  Crystal is fed  then taken home.
Jo makes a donation.
Tangie invites Crystal.
Frank tries to come back.
Juanita does not break down this time and sends him away.
Gilda goes in  forces Crystal to face herself  and accept the fact.
She did not protect her kids.
She gives her a rebirthing experience.
Jo confronts her husband  forbids the word ` sorry  from her life  reveals  and tells her husband.
She has HIV.
He is to be gone before she gets back.
Jo goes.
Everyone is there  even Crystal.
Alice shows up briefly  giving Nyla some books  and telling her.
Proud she is before the music drives her out.
Jo and Juanita withdraw.
Where Juanita gives Jo some advice.
All join them on the roof.
Where Juanita says My love is too beautiful to have thrown back.
They begin to share Sorry stories.
Crystal wins.
Crystal reveals.
She is the most healed.
<EOS>
A State Department employee finds an egg-shaped device.
Makes the person who drinks it invisible.
He finds himself being chased.
Who want the substance.
<EOS>
Harmony Cats is.
Who plays.
One day  the symphony stops playing permantently.
Graham is left to find work elsewhere.
He joins a country music band and becomes caught between members of the new band.
<EOS>
Maya Bazaar is a place.
Where people buy salvaged cars.
Rameshan is a leading man.
He earns  he feeds patients at the local hospital.
A young girl called.
Who lives.
Maya loves Rameshan.
Rameshan does not have any feelings.
Rameshan has a rival gang led.
Bhadran wants to marry Maya.
One day Rameshan happens to see the dead body.
The person looks exactly.
The rest is about the mystery associated with the dead man.
This film is dubbed as Nenunnanu.
<EOS>
Medical deviate  Serial murderer and rapist Doctor Fogger  he later disappears and becomes the leader of a underground cult  a group of photographers stumble upon the doctors hideout  Doctor Fogger then leads the undead assault upon them.
Who is experimenting.
Begins to help him.
<EOS>
This film follows the story.
She struggles and is in desperate need of a nanny.
An Indian nurse known jumps to the opportunity.
She seems kind at first.
Her true nature gradually reveals itself.
She manipulates everyone to get what she wants.
<EOS>
The rocketship MR-1  returns.
Thought first lost   mission control could nt raise the crew by radio.
When the rocket reappeared.
Its ground-crew land the rocket successfully.
Two survivors are found.
The mission report is recounted.
She attempts to find a cure.
OBannion s arm.
Ryan was attacked.
Exploring Mars.
Was killed.
Who is later repelled.
The crew finds.
When they return.
The MR-1 is grounded.
OBannion leads the crew with a city visible on the other side.
They cross in an inflatable raft  only to be stopped.
The creature kills Jacobs and infects OBannon s arm.
The survivors escape.
The survivors then return.
Where OBannon s infected arm is cured using electric shocks.
The mission scientists find a recorded message.
When they examine all.
An alien voice announces.
The MR-1 crew were allowed to leave so they can deliver a message.
The Martians are watching human development and believe.
Its technology has outpaced cultural advancement.
They warn.
Humanity to never return will be destroyed in retaliation.
<EOS>
Clark Griswold has invented a long life food preservative  earning him a large bonus check.
Clark announces.
He is taking them.
Enthusiasm wanes  however.
When Clark says they are headed.
His wife  Ellen  and teenage daughter  Audrey have their doubts.
Las Vegas is not known  while teenage son Rusty appears to be more eager  even asking if prostitution is legal there.
They run into the girl in the Ferrari  Clark is the only one.
Who appeared.
Who sees her  but then notices that she has a child.
The family embarks upon a series of mishaps and adventures.
Clark crosses paths.
Eddie and his family now live  on.
What used to be an H-bomb test site.
Clark foolishly leaves the group  and is forced to climb the scaffolding to the very top of the dam to get out.
Led by guide Arty.
His cries can not be heard over the roaring water of the spillway.
Later that night  they win tickets.
Clark is involved  and is turned  at the end.
He is turned back though.
The next day  tickets to a Wayne Newton concert  are sent in the mail.
They go.
To realize that Newton had sent the dress  and while singing he has Ellen go and sing with him.
The next day  the family go out to eat.
They decided to go their own ways just.
Ellen gets a suspicion.
Clark goes and becomes addicted to gambling -LRB- mostly blackjack   Rusty gets a fake ID and becomes a winning high roller  Audrey starts hanging out with Eddie s wild stripper daughter Vickie.
He usually loses.
Ellen becomes addicted.
Who may have feelings.
It is making Clark jealous.
Meanwhile   Ellen finds out and tells Clark  and leaves  then Russ and Audrey depart too.
Clark gambles away the family s $ 22600 bank account.
He is ruining their vacation together.
Russ goes off gambling  Ellen goes to eat with Wayne Newton.
Audrie goes with Vickie  and begins to dance like a stripper  leaving Clark alone without money.
Eddie -- -- tries to come in return for everything and his family over the years.
Who has money buried.
The Griswolds have done.
Clark and Eddie go to get their money back.
Clark runs out of Eddie s money.
Clark then goes and finds Ellen.
He kisses Ellen  and apologizes.
They then go.
Where Russ is  and find him.
The Griswolds gamble their last two dollars.
They take a seat next.
Who compliments Clark  and hints that he has been lonely all of his life.
Clark tells the man to consider himself part of the Griswold family for the night.
The man happily accepts Clark s kind words.
Both parties begin the game.
The Griswolds are hopeful.
They sadly sit.
They realize they have already lost the game.
Suddenly  the man next ecstatically declares.
He s won the game.
He suddenly begins to slip in and out.
He continues to express joy.
Ellen sends Rusty.
He awakens one last time and whispers a message  before dropping his winning ticket and falling one final time.
Clark  puzzled  tells Ellen.
The man said take the ticket.
They declare the man officially dead.
When the casino security guards and paramedics arrive.
They tell the Griswolds  and commented.
His name was Mr Ellis.
Sad his loneliness was.
A janitor approaches  walking straight for the winning ticket on the floor.
Mr Ellis is carried away.
He pulls the ticket out of the path of the vacuum.
It appears Clark is going to allow it to be lost.
Clark and Ellen get remarried Afterwards  Clark hands Eddie a large pile of cash and explains by telling him.
We were very fortunate last night.
They all drive home.
Rusty won.
<EOS>
Dignan rescues Anthony from a voluntary mental hospital.
Where he has been staying.
Dignan has an elaborate escape planned and has developed a 75-year plan.
He shows.
The plan is to pull off several heists and then meet Mr Henry  a landscaper and part-time criminal known.
The two friends break into Anthony s house  stealing specific items from a list.
Afterward  critiquing the heist  Dignan reveals.
He took a pair  not specified on the list.
This upsets Anthony.
He had bought those earrings.
Anthony visits his little sister.
She can return the earrings.
Dignan recruits Bob Mapplethorpe.
He is the only person they know.
The three buy guns and return.
The group bickers.
Dignan struggles to describe his intricate plan.
The group steals a small sum from the bookstore and go on the lam at a hotel.
Anthony meets Ines  a maid  and the two spark a romance.
Bob learns.
His marijuana crop has been discovered.
Bob leaves to help his brother.
Anthony gives Dignan an envelope for Ines.
Dignan delivers the envelope.
She is cleaning a room  not knowing the envelope has most and Anthony s money inside.
Ines does not open the envelope and hugs Dignan to say goodbye.
Ines asks an English-speaking male friend to chase after Dignan and tell him.
Dignan is leaving.
She loves Anthony.
Tell Anthony.
When he delivers the message he says.
I love him.
Dignan fails to realize and does not deliver the message.
He is speaking.
Taking an abandoned Alfa Romeo Spider  Dignan and Anthony continue.
The car breaks down.
Anthony reveals.
The envelope Dignan gave.
The two get and go their separate ways.
Narrating a letter  Anthony says.
He and Bob have settled.
Dignan   tracks Anthony down.
Who has joined Mr Henry s gang.
They reconcile.
Dignan invites Anthony.
Anthony accepts.
Bob is allowed.
The trio meet the eccentric Mr Henry and plan to rob a safe facility.
Mr Henry becomes a role model  standing up to Bob s abusive brother and tutoring Dignan on success.
He invites the trio and visits the group at the Mapplethorpes  house.
He compliments.
Anthony learns.
Contacts her.
She has learned some English and the two rekindle their relationship.
The group conducts their heist at the factory  but the plan quickly falls apart.
Dignan has locked himself out and is arrested.
The police arrive.
Mr Henry loads furniture from Bob s house into a truck.
Anthony and Bob visit Dignan and tell him.
Mr Henry robbed Bob s house.
Dignan begins rattling and tells his friends to get into position for a.
The two realize.
Dignan is joking.
Dignan says  Is nt it funny.
Now I m.
<EOS>
Union Newsreel reporter Chris Hunter is sneakier and has fewer scruples.
Chris fakes one.
When the Japanese do not oblige to film.
Outraged  Chris s main competitor  Atlas Newsreel s Bill Dennis decides to do the same  having his aviatrix friend.
When he finds out.
Alma Harding fly.
Chris finds out and swoops in.
Jose  however  drives too close  causing it to crash and burst into flame.
Chris rescues Alma.
She has to admit the truth.
When he starts to go back.
Chris piles.
Lie. 
Chris convinces her to work.
She reveals.
She needs the money to mount a search.
They travel.
Bill follows to protect the woman.
He has loved.
However  the whole charade is eventually revealed  discrediting Chris  Bill and Alma.
Both reporters are fired.
People begin to question.
Whether Alma s brother is really missing.
Chris s budding romance is quashed.
When she learns.
Ashamed  Chris and Bill hock their equipment and have Jose pretend to be a generous  kind-hearted South American plantation owner.
He presents Alma and a compass supposedly from Harry s airplane.
He tells.
Her one brought it to him.
Chris etched a fake serial number on it.
Alma buys a floatplane and supplies  and sets out.
Both Chris and Bill follow.
They eventually find a native.
Who claims to know where Harry is.
The man is a follower and means them no good.
When the native produces Harry s watch.
To protect Alma  Chris and Jose set out with their guide in a canoe.
The native escapes.
Jose shoots and wounds him.
Chris spots an ill white man.
Jose suspects  Chris makes.
The natives intend to sacrifice him that night  so  using their camera equipment.
The frightened natives believe he is a powerful magician or god.
He and Jose tend.
When their former guide shows up and denounces them.
He has the natives show the wreckage.
When he hears Alma flying.
She and Bill land nearby.
Chris disguises himself and his cameraman  and film Alma and Bill without their knowledge.
The natives finally turn hostile.
Alma and Bill get Harry.
Bill hits Chris.
When Chris and Jose try to board it.
The plane takes off  leaving Chris and Jose.
They are welcomed.
When Alma  Bill and Harry return.
However  Pearly Todd  Bill s annoyed boss  wants to know.
He did not.
Realizing  Alma reconciles.
Chris must have been the helpful witch doctor.
<EOS>
Tim Tyler stowsaway.
He meets  and is joined  Lora Lacey   the man responsible for framing her brother.
Who is chasing the criminal Spider Webb.
<EOS>
Boston Blackie decides to entertain the inmates at his old alma mater by bringing a variety show headed by clown Roggi McKay.
Roggi drops one  Eve Sanders   the maximum allowed number of times that month.
She has already visited her prisoner brother  Joe Trilby.
However  Blackie kindheartedly lets her come along.
Inspector Farraday -LRB- Richard Lane and Detective Joe Mathews unexpectedly join the group to keep an eye on Blackie.
Farraday suspects.
When Joe manages to escape  by tying Roggi up and putting on his costume and makeup.
Blackie helped him.
Blackie heads.
Sure enough  Joe shows up soon afterward.
Joe claims.
He is innocent and that Duke Banton and someone named Steve got him to drive them without telling him why.
They fled  leaving him behind.
When the robbery was foiled.
Now he wants to kill the pair  regardless.
Joe takes Blackie s suit and ties him up.
Eve eventually arrives and frees him.
Blackie and his sidekick  the Runt  head  but arrive too late and find only a dead body.
Then Joe enters.
He claims.
He did not kill Banton.
Blackie has Joe switch places.
When the police surround the building.
Farraday has examined the corpse.
The body is taken away.
Blackie is taken  but manages to victimize Detective Mathews  putting on his uniform to get away.
Blackie figures out.
The other robber was taxi driver Steve Caveroni.
He has Eve pose.
Caveroni feels  so Blackie has little trouble getting him.
He is as he has a gun.
He killed his partner and that Joe is innocent.
Farraday and his policemen eavesdrop.
Caveroni makes a break  but is shot dead.
He realizes he is trapped.
<EOS>
Following his graduation  aspiring filmmaker Colin Clark travels to London to get a job on Laurence Olivier s next production.
Hugh Perceval tells Colin.
There are no jobs available.
He decides to wait.
Whom he once met.
Olivier and his wife  Vivien Leigh  eventually show up.
Vivien encourages Olivier to give Colin a job  starring Marilyn Monroe.
Colin s first task is to find a suitable place and her husband  Arthur Miller  to stay at.
They are.
The press find out.
Colin reveals.
He hired another just  impressing Olivier and Marilyn s publicist  Arthur Jacobs.
The paparazzi find out.
They gather around the plane.
When it lands.
Marilyn brings her husband  her business partner  Milton H.
Greene  and her acting coach Paula Strasberg.
She initially appears to be uncomfortable  but relaxes at the press conference.
Olivier becomes frustrated.
When Marilyn is late.
She insists.
Paula sits.
Paula reads them.
When she has trouble.
The crew and the other actors   are in awe of Marilyn.
Colin meets Lucy  a wardrobe assistant.
Whom he is attracted to.
They go.
Marilyn starts arriving later and often forgets her lines  angering Olivier.
However  Sybil praises Marilyn and defends her.
When Olivier tries to get her to apologise.
Marilyn struggles to understand her character and leaves the set.
When Olivier insults her.
Colin asks the director to be more sympathetic.
He goes to check on her.
He hears an argument and finds a tearful Marilyn sitting with Arthur s notebook.
Contains the plot.
Arthur later returns.
Vivien comes and watches some of Marilyn s scenes.
She breaks down.
Saying Marilyn lights up the screen and if only Olivier could see himself when he watches her.
Oliver tries unsuccessfully to reassure his wife.
Marilyn does not show up.
She asks Colin to come.
They talk.
The crew becomes captivated.
When she dances.
Milton pulls Colin aside to tell him.
Marilyn breaks hearts and that she will break his too.
Lucy also notices Colin s growing infatuation and breaks up with him.
Colin and Marilyn spend the day together and are given a tour by Owen Morshead.
Colin also shows Marilyn.
They go skinny dipping.
Marilyn kisses Colin and they are found.
Colin is called night.
Marilyn has locked herself.
Colin enters her room.
Marilyn invites him to lie next on the bed.
The following night  Marilyn wakes up and claims.
She is having a miscarriage.
A doctor tends.
Marilyn tells Colin.
She wants to forget everything.
She later returns.
Olivier praises Marilyn  but reveals.
She has killed his desire to direct again.
Lucy asks Colin.
Marilyn broke his heart.
He replies.
She did  a little.
Marilyn comes him for helping her.
She kisses him goodbye.
Roger drives her.
<EOS>
The documentary follows speed cubers.
Who can solve the Rubik s Cube through the obstacles of becoming crowned the World Rubik s Cube Champion.
<EOS>
Morgan Kane  known as El Gringo narrowly escapes death by joining a dangerous gang of Mexican outlaws run by a feared bandido - Coyote.
They become fast friends and are feared.
But  El Gringo and Coyote are forced to choose.
When a powerful landowner hires the men to destroy his longtime rival.
The legend is born.
<EOS>
Sidharth and his wife Mumthas are two highly paid IT professionals.
Who are trying to overcome the crisis.
They have many friends  Manikkunju  Abhilash  Charulatha  Rose Mary and Kalyani.
They visit Sidharthan s flat and consider their home an escape from stressful work.
Some unusual things happen.
Change their lives.
Altogether. 
Minnaminnikootam film-Minnaminnikootam Movie  Minnaminnikootam Film  Minnaminnikootam Preview Malayalam movie preview-Malayalam film Minnaminnikootam Abhilash and Charu is a couple.
Who argues and fights.
They come to the home of Sidhu and Momu for chilling out.
Charu was living a life.
Was surrounded only from when she was 5 years old.
A wedding meet.
Charu causes Charu s father to start drinking.
This causes a major break up.
Charu runs away to Bangalore and later moves abroad.
The story returns.
When Charu leaves.
The flashback had started.
When Charu read an email informing about her marriage.
Charu attends the marriage.
There she meets the old members.
However  none shows any friendship with her.
She returns.
Abhi come s and sits.
He asks and takes her.
Them to go.
Where she is emotionally greeted and receives the message of surprise.
Abhi was never going to marry anyone else.
He was planning.
If he did nt have her permission.
<EOS>
Luis  a family man  becomes involved.
Water service has come.
Luis and everyone on his side simply wo nt be getting the service.
However  the water company foreman is open.
Everyone  his family included  turns against him.
When Luis declines to bribe the man.
Things continue to go wrong.
When he does try and bribe the foreman.
<EOS>
It tells the story.
Who helps a Hollywood extra actress.
<EOS>
The film begins.
It is usually told.
Who has come with her son Louis to teach English to the 68 royal children.
She is a strong-willed  intelligent woman.
This pleases the King   while protecting many.
Who wants to modernize his country to keep it safe.
Give Siam its unique identity.
Anna to organize it.
Order to win the favors  the King orders a sumptuous reception  and delegates.
The King verbally spars graciously and wittily with Sir Kincaid  of East India Company.
Who accuses Siam.
The King dances with Anna.
Anna is enchanted.
The little girl identifies.
Who live.
Anna is summoned to say goodbye.
When she suddenly takes ill.
She gets there.
As Fa-ying dies.
The two mourn together.
Sometime later   he is comforted.
When the King finds that one has borrowed his glasses  as his daughter used to do.
Fa-ying may be reborn.
Lady Tuptim  the King s new favorite concubine  was already engaged.
When brought.
The King is kind.
She is unhappy and at last runs away  disguising herself and joining the monastery.
Where her former fiance  Khun Phra Balat  lives.
She is tracked down and brought back  imprisoned  and initially caned along with her Balat.
However   Tuptim and Balat are beheaded in front of the entire court  despite the well held belief.
The sentence is monstrously unfair  in order to save face.
The political aspects are completely fictional  Siam is under siege from.
What appears to be a British-funded coup detat  using Burmese soldiers.
Mongkut sends to investigate.
However  it turns out.
Alak is the man.
He turns on and kills Chaofa.
He then flees Siam.
Where he summons and readies his troops to invade Siam and kill the King and his children.
The King manages to hide his children and his wives in a safe place  then he goes with the few soldiers.
He has to face Alak.
The King and soldiers place high explosives high above a canyon floor.
Alak and his army approaches.
The King orders his army to stay back and rides.
Alak   confronts the King on the bridge.
Anna and Louis then orchestrate a brilliant deception in the forest  Louis uses his horn to replicate the sound of a bugle charge  the area with harmless fireworks.
Anna attacks.
The ploy works  believing the King has brought British soldiers  retreat in a panic.
Alak attempts to recall them.
His efforts prove to be futile.
Alak stands alone.
The King refuses to kill him  saying.
Alak shall have to live.
Alak picks up a gun and aims.
The King turns to ride back.
The explosives are detonated  blowing the bridge  and Alak along with it.
The King has one last dance with Anna  and realizes.
It is conceivable to be pleased by only one woman.
Anna returns with Louis.
The King s son takes over  and abolishes slavery.
<EOS>
Naram Garam is the story and her father.
Who are left homeless due to.
They are helped.
Who is.
Bhavani Shankar  Ramprasad s employer.
Who is feared  but is himself terrified of his own.
Ramprasad helps Bhavani Shankar get the possession after a 53-year long legal battle with a squatter and is therefore assigned the responsibility of getting the house back in shape.
That it can be.
Ramprasad sees an opportunity to help Kusum and her father  and houses them illegally.
He arrives furious and determined to oust the squatters.
When this comes.
However  he succumbs  presents a proposal of marriage.
Horrified  Kusum and Ramprasad turn.
Babua is a garage mechanic and a ruffian.
He successfully dissuades Gajanan Babu  but is also determined to oust Kusum and her father.
However  he too is captivated.
Then Ramprasad finally turns.
Who dissuades Babua using his younger brother s fear.
Bhavani Prasad comes  but is captivated by Kusum s voice & beauty.
Being a very superstitious man & a faithful believer  Bhavani Prasad believes.
Kusum is the reincarnation.
He decides to marry Kusum.
Ramprasad finds the situation becoming very sticky  but decides to play along.
Using Bhavani Shankar s beliefs  he succeeds.
He should marry Kusum secretly.
He should consider it alone.
Anything goes wrong.
Bhavani Shankar reluctantly agrees  believing.
Nothing untoward can happen.
However  Bhavani Prasad s mother-in-law comes to know.
& comes to confront Bhavani right before the marriage is going to take place.
Bhavani blurts out.
It is Ramprasad who is going to get married.
Thus  Ramprasad & Kusum finally get married.
& the reality remains undiscovered.
<EOS>
Shree 420 is the tale.
Who travels by walking  to earn a living.
He falls with the poor but virtuous Vidya  but is soon seduced by the riches of a freewheeling and unethical lifestyle presented to him by an unscrupulous and dishonest businessman  Seth Sonachand Dharmanand and the sultry temptress Maya.
He eventually becomes a confidence trickster  or.
Who even cheats.
Vidya tries hard to make Raj a good man but fails.
Meanwhile  Sonachand comes up.
Whereby he promises permanent homes at just Rs.
.
The scheme pays off.
People start hoarding money.
Vidya s contempt increases even more.
Raj becomes wealthy  but soon realizes.
He paid a very high price.
He decides to make wrongs right.
When Raj discovers that Sonachand has no plans to fulfill his promises.
Raj takes all the bond papers and tries to flee Sonachand s home  only to be caught by Sonachand and his cronies.
Occurs. 
They come and see Raj dead.
When people hear the shooting.
Sonachand tells police  hence Sonachand shot him.
Raj was trying to flee.
The ` dead  Raj springs back to life and using pure logic  proves Sonachand s guilt.
Sonachand and his partners are arrested.
Vidya happily forgives Raj.
The film ends.
<EOS>
An ambulance comes.
Night begins to fall.
Dr Akiba refuses to admit the patient  due.
Dr Akiba is alerted.
A patient  though unconscious  has somehow fallen.
His vital signs are dropping quickly.
They think.
They have saved him when they realize that the nurse has apparently mistakenly injected the wrong drug.
The present staff members -- Doctors Akiba  Uozumi and four nurses --  decide to cover up the true cause of his death.
They move the body.
Soon afterward  Akiba discovers.
The patient he rejected earlier has been left.
Another doctor  Akai  makes his presence known and suggests.
They study the symptoms as his symptoms represent uncharted medical territory.
Not knowing  the other doctors reluctantly agree to study the new patient.
Much Akai knows.
The staff return.
Long though.
The patient has vanished.
The head nurse has been left unconscious.
The staff try to locate him.
It becomes obvious.
They are all at risk when the head nurse goes mad in front of the misuse nurse.
She begins to bleed the green goo.
The doctors come.
They put her and cover her with plastic.
Her internal organs begin to liquefy.
Then youngest inexperienced nurse goes.
Where the head nurse rests.
The head nurse is not and is standing several feet behind the inexperienced nurse.
Later we see the inexperienced nurse sitting down.
The mean nurse finds her practicing drawing blood  as earlier.
She had been scalded.
She mentions and looked up.
She was a sickly child.
Helped her.
That s.
She wanted to become a nurse.
She then lets out an insane laugh.
The mean nurse frantically apologizes but the inexperienced nurse plunges two needles into herself.
Green goo explodes out  splattering the mean nurse.
Akiba  Uozumi and Akai discuss the infection and the mean nurse overhears  growing panicked.
The inexperienced nurse s corpse then sits up.
Uozumi argues.
The mean nurse  meanwhile is talking.
What she believes is the burn victim s mother  who has arrived to visit her son.
She is turned away.
Akiba goes to follow Uozumi  first checking.
The mean nurse is alright.
She is found  eating food.
She claims the burn victim s mother had left them.
It appears.
When shown.
She is eating squares.
Uozumi is.
He speaks.
He had killed.
Uozumi is overcome and starts crying.
Akiba then enters and notices.
Uozumi is alone.
Uozumi s eyes turn white.
The goo begins to come.
Uozumi starts screaming and Akiba flees.
Akiba  panicking  turns to find the mean nurse  now infected and covered  smiling and hanging upside down from the ceiling.
Akiba finds the misuse nurse  now giving her own blood.
The infected head nurse steps out.
He can stop her.
Akiba flees and leaves the already infected misuse nurse behind.
Akiba faces Akai  stating.
Akai was the one who created and spread the virus in order to use the other staff members.
Akai denies it  and instead states.
The infection is spread mentally  infecting the subconscious mind.
Akai urges Akiba to remember the events.
Happened. 
The final doctor Nakazono comes in and finds Akiba holding a conversation with no one.
She challenges him.
Akiba states  but then he realizes.
He is talking.
He was looking.
No one was really there.
He looks around and sees the corpses  dead and covered in blood  not in the green goo.
Was before.
He realizes.
His last few hours had not been a reality.
Nakazono calls.
The police and Akiba recalls the events and realizes that Akai was actually the burn patient.
He then sees the same series as the burn patient.
Akai takes and gives the orders for the wrong drug.
He comes and cuts himself with a scalpel.
Order to see the color.
He sees red blood come out.
He sees the blood as oozing green goo.
The hospital is cleared.
More staff arrive.
The police starts the search.
Who has vanished.
She sees all the red lights change  panicking  she accidentally cuts her hand  and sees green blood pour out of her hand.
When Nakazono is leaving the hospital.
The movie ends.
Where the burn victim was heated.
Someone inside is calling for help.
Green goo starts pouring out.
The top reaches out.
It can be determined.
Akiba is hidden.
The hand then falls.
<EOS>
Carolyn Carver is a published author.
Whose husband and daughter believe she is working.
She is befriended.
Who entertains casino guests.
Clyde Snow  meanwhile  is deeply to gamblers  to the extent.
He must ask his younger brother Godfrey  a college basketball star  to shave points.
A mob boss no one actually has seen.
The violent and verbally abusive Victor is a criminal who may or may not be the front.
A crippled detective named.
Brunner is investigating a murder that Victor s thugs no doubt committed  possibly.
Victor also must deal.
Who wants to cut in.
Augie is secretly wearing a wire  looking to get an incrimidating statement from Victor on tape.
Carolyn s husband is upset and ultimately catches her gambling.
He wants a divorce.
Walter gets a tip.
A basketball game is fixed.
He decides to wager everything.
He owns  and persuades Carolyn to do the same.
Unbeknownst  Clyde has told his brother.
His debt is paid off  meaning there is no need to lose the game.
It is not true.
Clyde s life has been threatened.
This game goes wrong.
Victor arranges to be killed.
He attends the basketball game.
Clyde s brother hits a game-winning shot.
Makes Clyde proud but places his life.
He leaves the arena and is gunned down on the road.
The game s outcome devastates Carolyn.
Who has lost everything.
Walter goes.
The detective Brunner witnesses this but  sympathetically  lets Walter go free.
The magician s fate is nonetheless sealed.
It turns out.
Ivan is very real  and that Detective Brunner is an accomplice.
<EOS>
Ivan Igor is a sculptor.
Who operates a wax museum.
Igor s investment partner  Joe Worth  tries to burn the museum down.
When business is failing due to the macabre.
Igor would nt have it.
Worth starts a fire anyway.
Igor tries to stop him.
Both he and Worth get.
Worth knocks Igor unconscious  leaving the sculptor to die.
Igor survives  however  and reemerges 12 years later  reopening a new wax museum.
His hands and legs have been badly crippled.
He must rely to create his new sculptures.
Meanwhile  reporter Florence Dempsey is sent out to investigate the suicide of a model named Joan Gale.
A hideous monster steals the body of Joan Gale from the morgue.
They suspect murder.
When investigators find that her body has been stolen.
The finger initially points.
Florence thinks differently.
Florence s roommate is Charlotte Duncan.
Whose fiance Ralph works.
Florence notices an uncanny resemblance.
Visiting the museum.
Igor spots Charlotte and remarks.
She looks similar.
Igor employs several shady characters  Prof.
Darcy  a drug addict  and Hugo  a.
Darcy   is working for Joe Worth.
Who is working  among whose customers is none other than Winton.
Florence discovers a monster  but can not prove any connection.
Investigating. 
Who is connected.
Darcy is seen running and is caught by the police.
He breaks down and admits.
When brought.
Igor is in fact the killer and that he has been murdering people  stealing their bodies  and dipping them to create lifelike statues.
Charlotte  going to visit Ralph  is trapped by Igor.
She pounds away  breaking a wax mask  and reveals.
When Charlotte tries to get away.
He has made.
He had been horribly disfigured.
He also shows her the dead body.
Who Darcy has been tracking down for some time.
He ties her up and sets her  awaiting her to become his lost Marie Antoinette.
When she faints.
When she is doused.
Florence leads the police  Charlotte is saved.
Igor is gunned down.
Jim proposes.
When Florence reports her story.
Having to finally choose  she picks the latter.
<EOS>
Nick Cavanaugh is a lonely Atlanta surgeon obsessed.
He kidnaps and treats her surreptitiously  amputating both of her legs.
She is injured.
Later  he amputates her healthy arms as well.
She dominates the dialogue for all of his shortcomings.
Helena is the victim.
She becomes lonely and returns his affection.
<EOS>
Amber Williams  her friends Zoe and Roger  and her boyfriend Colby Patterson stage a prank  with Roger faking the return of the Fisherman killer.
However  their friend PJ Davis is accidentally killed.
To cover up and make a pact.
What happened they burn the evidence.
The secret will die.
One year passes.
The group separates.
Amber returns to discover.
Colby never left to pursue his scholarship.
She leaves the party angry  and goes up.
Where she encounters one.
Later that night  Amber awakens  and receives 50 text messages reading.
I know what you did last summer.
She drives.
Zoe allows her to sleep there.
Amber apologizes.
The next day they find Roger fixing ski-lifts gondolas  he angrily sends them away.
When they inform him someone knows what happened.
Zoe goes to find Colby working  he dismisses her then returns to his post to find I know.
What you did last summer written.
Amber is attacked by someone wielding the hook.
Colby does not believe her.
Later that night  a drunken Roger contemplates suicide while pulling out the hook.
He had salvaged.
He investigates a noise.
When he is attacked.
Colby goes telling them  so they go to warn Roger again but find him dead along with a suicide note and the hook.
He believes them.
Deputy Haffner strangely shows up wielding his gun  accusing them of the murder.
He reads the suicide note.
They return to Amber s house to find pictures of them from the high school yearbook sliced up and stuck to the wall reading SOON.
They all stay again and find Lance outside.
Who shows them a message engraved.
They agree to stay together.
Colby goes to do some laps after his shift  and is hooked in the ankle by the Fisherman.
Who disappears.
The night  Amber and Lance stick together.
Colby  who is now  sneaks off to get drunk.
The Fisherman swings his hook but misses  Colby grabs a large butcher knife and stabs the Fisherman in the back.
He appears to be completely unharmed.
The Fisherman eventually breaks and hooks Colby in the mouth.
Amber and Lance go back to congratulate Zoe but are attacked  Zoe breaks away and is stabbed and then thrown over a balcony.
Amber and Lance make their way up to find Zoe s corpse  P.
J s dad  the sheriff  comes in and finds Amber covered.
He assumes.
They committed the murders  but is pulled and hooked to death.
Outside  Deputy Haffner.
Roger told him and escorts them to the back of his jeep.
The Fisherman appears and makes his way.
Who fires several times.
The Fisherman does not budge and impales Haffner.
Amber and Lance get and run the fisherman down.
He immediately gets up and takes his mask off  revealing the decomposed face.
Who brutally committed the original murders 10 years ago.
He then immediately disappears.
Amber and Lance go to get help but are again attacked and are chased into a warehouse.
They make it out and lure Willis.
Appears to kill him.
A year later  Amber is driving  talking to Lance as a tire blows out.
She stops and waits.
She talks.
She stands  and loses reception.
Amber then begins looking around  a flash of Ben Willis is seen behind Amber  the film then cuts to black screen.
Amber s scream is cut off.
<EOS>
Tom is a teenager distraught due to the Devonshire countryside.
Where he misses his old friends.
He begins to uncover a secret sexual relationship.
The tension worsens.
He reveals his knowledge.
<EOS>
The film follows Flavia  a married high school teacher.
Who encounters free-spirited female singer-songwriter Yip and strikes up a relationship.
Flavia is a lesbian but never can act.
She was brought up.
She once fell with a girl in her class.
When Flavia was a teenager.
The relationship was forced to end.
When it was discovered.
Flavia  heartbroken  eventually married a competent and caring businessman.
She was graduated.
And married with a child  she meets Yip  a beautiful.
Flavia is deeply attracted  and falls in love with Yip the way.
She fell in high school.
She slowly dares to break out  worried but equally about finding her true self again.
<EOS>
The sheriff urges his deputies to spend time based on statistics.
The police force attempts to stop drug smuggling in the city.
Fatherless children are several times more likely to turn to lives of crime.
Are Adam Mitchell  Nathan Hayes  Shane Fuller  and rookie David Thomson.
Mitchell adores his young daughter  but is distanced.
Hayes never knew his biological father but would risk his life to save his children  however  his teenage daughter Jade  resents him.
He has set.
Fuller is divorced.
Were his parents  and must share joint custody of his son.
The group also befriends Javier Martinez  an immigrant struggling to provide.
Mitchell arranges a job.
One day  Mitchell s daughter is killed.
Mitchell creates an elaborate Resolution to honor God in every aspect of his family  Mitchell  Hayes  Fuller  Thomson  and Martinez take the vow in a formal ceremony by Hayes s adoptive father.
Mitchell rebuilds a relationship by slowly dancing at a site.
Where he had previously refused to dance.
Hayes mends his relationship and presents her with a purity ring  he also visits the grave of his biological father.
She is to wear.
Fuller improves his relationship.
Thomson   contacts the mother and asks to have a relationship with his daughter.
Who is revealed to have fathered a child and deserted the child after the mother s refusal to have an abortion.
Meanwhile  Martinez s factory employer offers him a promotion.
He report a false inventory count.
His boss reveals.
Martinez refuses to be dishonest.
The request was a test.
Martinez is promoted.
His financial problems are resolved.
Mitchell and Hayes discover.
Fuller has been stealing drugs at the police station to sell on the street.
Mitchell is forced to report the corruption  leading and separating Fuller from his son.
Mitchell later visits Fuller.
Where Fuller takes responsibility and begs Mitchell to act as a father figure to his son.
Hayes and Thomson   unknowingly confront.
The leader ring they have been eradicating  resulting in a roadside gun battle.
Mitchell and other officers arrive.
The gang attempts to take a young girl hostage.
Mitchell  Hayes  and Thomson subdue the gang members.
The girl s father rescues her.
One is Derrick Freeman  a teenager  Derrick attributes his decisions to his lack of a family.
Who Hayes had earlier prohibited.
The men present.
The resolution and Mitchell urges the fathers.
Mitchell is shown running with his son and Fuller s son.
Hayes is shown reading the Bible.
Thomson is shown meeting his daughter.
The film ends.
Who you will serve.
<EOS>
The movie centers to find the target of an upcoming raid by the mythical B-99 bomber.
To achieve this end  they interrogate a recently shot-down air crew.
The German officers use various methods to discover this information  some quite subtle.
The Germans stage a mock execution.
No physical brutality is used.
Each airman eventually provides useful information.
Some seems innocuous but is used by the Germans as pieces of a larger puzzle.
What they say.
The enemy finds useful.
The Germans are able to find the target of the raid.
There are heavy casualties.
The message  delivered by an intelligence officer played by Lloyd Nolan  is to not talk under any circumstances  to outwit the enemy.
Even innocuous conversation can help the enemy  not to let down one s guard  and to not try.
<EOS>
Sydney Miller is a 13 year old girl.
Who revisits her homeland and discovers her own inner strength through surfing and other island riches.
She finds out  she has inherited a large portion of the land in the Island.
Her father made her come back.
Was thought to be Public Domain.
A hotel chain wants to buy the land and close off the beaches.
She can not sell the land.
Sydney learns more and sees the beauty of the island.
Sydney threatens to sell the land.
She learns the truth.
She ca nt sell the land.
When she is about to sign she sees her friends and realizes.
<EOS>
It s Christmas Eve.
John is asleep.
He awakens.
Someone is stealing his shoes  in which he keeps his money.
He chases the thief but ca nt catch him.
John is angered not only.
Those are his lucky sneakers but because he s trying to accumulate enough money to celebrate his birthday  which is also Christmas.
Each time John puts any money together  either  it s taken from him either by robbery or in payback for a drug deal.
Where he burned the dealer.
Meanwhile  Donner  a fellow hustler  tries to convince John to go to Branson  Missouri.
Who s new and has fallen for John.
Donner has a relative.
Who runs a theme park there who can get them jobs.
John is initially resistant but  after some particularly bad experiences  agrees to go.
John and Donner have enough money to Branson.
John takes one last date to earn money.
However  John s date turns violent  beating John unmercifully.
Donner goes and finds him at the motel.
Donner drags John s lifeless body to the bed and tearfully confesses.
He s the one who stole John s sneakers and money to persuade John to leave town with him.
The next morning  Donner dons John s lucky sneakers and boards the bus.
<EOS>
Mrs Bilson is treated.
A simple minded invalid and periodically escapes to sit by the river and listen to the races.
She befriends Charlie  a young woman.
Who has come.
Both realises.
They have much  including abusive and unfaithful husbands.
<EOS>
Cecile is a decadent young girl.
Who lives.
Anne  a mature and cultured friend  arrives at Raymond s villa for a visit.
Cecile is afraid.
Anne will disrupt the undisciplined way that Cecile and her father have shared.
Raymond can not give up his playboy life.
Helped  Cecile does her best to break up the relationship with Anne.
The combination drives Anne to a tragic end.
<EOS>
The film takes place amidst a civil war.
It features two young friends  Koni and Djimi.
Whose peaceful existence is interrupted when the central government irrupts.
A heated discussion ensues   causing the death.
Degenerates. 
Causes the burning of the village and the massacre of its inhabitants.
Koni and Djimi now pass to the rebellion.
The rebels eventually split.
Supports compromise.
Koni will later be executed.
Djimi will leave the rebels and return with a war widow and a sewing machine left to him by a fallen combatant  with which he can attempt to start a new life for himself and his family.
Daresalam Director Issa Coelo   explains.
He wanted to expose the vicious circle that originates when a despotic government causes the outbreak.
War becomes the only economy of the country.
Violence  the only way moved by the same ideals.
Possible  the myth of Cain and Abel  Daresalam narrates how this war machine finishes to put one against the other two friends  at the beginning.
This story is meant to be a speech.
Daresalam - Fiche film - Ministere des Affaires etrangeres.
<EOS>
The movie is set  during the reign of King Seonngjong.
When strict Confucianism forced women to follow the male dominant society.
<EOS>
The story revolves in ancient sculptures across the country.
Detective Feluda steps in to solve the crime and nab the culprits.
His cousin Topshe.
Lalmohanbabu  the writer  assist him in his work.
Who goes.
The story revolves from the Bhuvaneshwar temple.
The novel depicts.
Feluda uses Topshe and Jatayu and manages to catch the main villain of the piece - Mr Rakshit  alias Chattaraj in a series of scenes filled with action and high dramatics.
<EOS>
The film opens on death row.
Awaiting execution.
He begins to relate the story.
He waits.
Led. 
<EOS>
The story takes place.
Four family members vacation  shortly after one of them  Karin  who suffers from schizophrenia  was released from an asylum.
Karin s husband Martin tells her father  David.
Karin s disease is almost incurable.
Meanwhile  Minus  Karin s 17-year-old brother  tells Karin.
He wishes he could have a real conversation  and cries because he feels deprived of his father s affection.
David is a novelist suffering.
Who has just returned.
He announces.
He will leave again  though he promised he would stay.
The others are upset.
David gives them unthoughtful  last-minute presents.
He leaves them and sobs alone.
The others cheerfully announce  they perform a play.
When he returns.
They too have a surprise.
Minus has written.
David takes offense.
Can be interpreted.
That night   Karin wakes up and follows the sound of a foghorn to the attic.
She faints.
Which she hears voices.
David  meanwhile  has stayed up all night working.
Karin enters his room and tells him she ca nt sleep.
David tucks her.
Minus asks David to come.
David leaves.
Karin looks and finds his diary  learning.
Her disease is incurable and that her father has a callous hunger to record the details.
The following morning  David and Martin   confront each other.
Fishing. 
Martin accuses David.
David is evasive  but admits.
Much is true.
David says.
He recently tried to kill himself  but was saved by a faulty transmission.
He says.
He discovered that he loves Karin  Minus and Martin.
This gives.
Him hope.
Meanwhile  Karin tells.
Minus  and that she is waiting for God to appear behind the wallpaper in the attic.
Minus is somewhat sexually frustrated.
Karin teases him  even more so.
She discovers that he hides a men s magazine.
Later    she runs into a wrecked ship and huddles in fear.
When Karin sees that a storm is coming.
Minus goes.
She grabs him.
The film suggests.
The act is not shown.
Karin has sexually seduced her brother.
Minus tells the other men.
Martin calls.
Karin asks to speak alone.
She confesses her misconduct  saying.
A voice told her to act that way and also to search David s desk.
She tells David  -- she must choose one.
She would like to remain.
She can not go back and forth.
She runs.
They are packing to go.
Where Martin and David observe her actions.
She says  and asks her husband to allow her to enjoy the moment.
God is about to walk out.
The ambulance  a helicopter  flies  making a lot of noise and shaking the door open.
Karin moves.
Then she runs  terrified  and goes into a frenzy of panic.
Karin vanishes  and  reappearing  is sedated.
She tells them  an evil-faced spider.
When she stands.
Who tried to penetrate her.
She looked.
They were cold and calm.
He retreated.
When God failed to penetrate her.
I have seen God  she announces.
Karin and Martin leave.
Minus tells his father.
He is afraid  because when Karin had grabbed him  he began leaving ordinary reality.
He asks his father.
He can survive that way.
David tells him he can.
He has something to hold on.
He tells Minus.
David and his son discuss the concept.
It relates in the stretching final chapter of the film.
Minus seems relieved  and is tearfully happy  Father spoke.
He finally had a real conversation.
<EOS>
A man casually sets up.
Evening comes.
A tug presents him with the body of a woman.
She comes alive.
He tries to disentangle himself.
The scene changes and the woman is now a shaman priestess.
Who drowned.
He speaks to his relatives  asking for forgiveness.
<EOS>
-LCB- -LCB- Review -RCB- -RCB- Circus has a tag line along.
Dayaal   said.
Who spoke in the film.
He will be completing the film.
He said  nearly seventy percent will be done near or on a train.
I had to toil hard to get the required permission.
The story starts and ends in Bangalore station.
Director has taken permission to shoot the film in Railway station and tracks in Mysore  Konkan Railway and Railway line stretching in Sakleshpura and Subramanya Ghat section.
Circus shot A joke gone bad  the story is about Dhanush and his group of friends.
Who live.
Their meeting point is the railway station.
Dhanush is the leader to have some fun  they decide to send a letter stating on a particular date.
A train travelling to Bangalore will be exploding.
However  is.
What they realize later.
One is there on the letter.
They get into the RMS bogie of the train and.
A lot finally manage to extract the letter from the pile.
What Dhanush discovers is that the same day a real plot has been hatched to blow up.
He decides to locate it and foil the plan.
The friends take a break at one of the houses where Priya and in no time  love blooms between Dhanush and her.
What happens.
<EOS>
Choya  a gunfighter  is tracked down by cowboys Leffingwell and Tattoo in the mountains.
They make him a part.
The plan requires a tattoo.
As soon  Leffingwell shoots him.
Tattoo creates one.
Choya rides and asks foreman Ransome for a job  but does nt get it.
Lavery and daughter Ruth ride up.
They fight.
Lavery feels  so Choya is hired.
The ranch could use another good hand.
Ruth tells the new man.
Her 5-year-old brother was a kidnap victim many years ago  never seen again.
One day  Lavery notices the tattoo and is amazed.
His long-lost son had one just.
Choya pretends  but tells a story.
It s a coincidence.
Convinces Mr and Mrs Lavery that he is Richard  Jr.
Leffingwell turns up and is hired.
His plot is to kill Lavery.
That Choya can inherit the ranch.
A guilt-ridden Choya offers him an alternative  stealing Lavery s stock.
Ruth rides along.
Choya likes her.
He double-crosses Leffingwell and has the cattle money deposited in an El Paso bank.
He also learns.
Leffingwell is the one who kidnapped the kid  only to have a Mexican bandit named Rubriz snatch the boy away.
Choya crosses the border and finds.
Lavery s son has been raised under the name Tonio.
He persuades Tonio to return.
Rubriz s men give chase and so does Leffingwell.
Who is killed.
Choya and Tonio are trapped  but rescued just in time by Lavery and Ransome.
Lavery makes a pact.
The boy is old enough to go anywhere he pleases.
Choya plans to ride off.
Ruth prefers.
He stay.
<EOS>
Mermaids sing up about mermaids and fishes at play  they and some other sea creatures dance to it.
Buddy tag with Cookie as a mermaid.
He gets too rough and turns her off.
Buddy looks to it  she busies herself playing with the jewelry in a treasure chest.
Meanwhile  Buddy finds some props and does an imitation of Charles Chaplin.
Cookie finds a piano and plays the title song.
The noise draws an octopus.
Who grabs her and swims off.
The octopus do so.
Drops Cookie to fight Buddy  and does.
Buddy lures it and ties the tentacles to a flange  then starts bashing the octopus with a battering ram.
Cookie kisses Buddy  he blushes  then gets hit.
<EOS>
Sean and Dee Loc are roommates.
Who have not yet paid their rent.
To make matters worse  Sean just lost his job.
Dee Loc suggests that his roommate stop wash where he works.
Sean is immediately hired.
Chris had been fired the day.
Their landlord has given them a three-day eviction warning.
He refuses to pay  insisting  so Sean does his best to impress Mr Washington  the owner  so he can hold his job long enough to come up with his half of the rent.
Dee Loc has the money.
Sean needs to come up.
Things go fine  but then Dee Loc is caught on tape stealing.
Mr Washington tells Sean.
He must decide what to do.
That s the best ` executive decision  to make.
Sean tries to appeal to act more responsibly.
This creates a tremendous strain.
Then Mr Washington is kidnapped.
Who are stupid enough to call the car wash.
Sean and Dee Loc put aside their differences long enough to rescue their boss.
The crisis worsens.
When the former assistant manager  Chris  suddenly shows up wanting revenge him  which sets up the final confrontation between all parties concerned.
Chris shoots one and runs out of bullets  then Sean confronts Chris and they wrestle for the gun.
Sean loses the battle and falls.
And just when he was about to get shot Dee Loc hops.
But he is confronted to his face.
When Chris turns around.
As the cops arrive.
Walk off together.
When all this is.
<EOS>
Dawn OKeefe is a teenage spokesperson.
She attends groups.
She is introduced to Tobey and finds him attractive.
The four begin going out.
Dawn has fantasies.
They agree that they can not spend time together.
Soon.
They give in and meet.
They go in to a cave to get warm and begin kissing.
Dawn gets uncomfortable and tries to get them to go back.
Tobey then attempts Dawn.
Who panics and tries to push him off.
Tobey becomes aggressive and shakes Dawn  resulting.
Tobey takes the opportunity to begin raping her.
She is dazed.
Dawn fights back and inadvertently bites off his penis.
A horrified Dawn stumbles away.
She flees the scene.
She meets her classmate Ryan at a dance  they talk.
He drops her off.
Dawn drops her purity ring and goes back to the swimming hole.
She screams.
When she sees a freshwater crab crawling.
She then researches vagina dentata and realizes.
She may have it.
She visits a gynecologist  Dr Godfrey.
What is happening.
She panics.
When he examines her.
Her vagina bites off all four fingers.
She encounters a police officer driving Tobey s car.
Biking home.
The cop demands.
She pull over.
She decides to go back to visit the pool to investigate.
She sees the police bringing up Tobey s body.
When she arrives.
Meanwhile  back  her ill mother Kim OKeefe collapses.
Dawn s stepbrother Brad and his girlfriend Melanie hear her collapse but ignore her  continuing to have sex.
She lies.
Dawn s mother is taken.
Dawn goes seeking help.
The two successfully have sex.
The following morning they have sex again.
Mid-Coitus Ryan s friend calls.
Ryan smugly boasts.
He and the friend had bet.
Her vagina bites off his penis.
She leaves him to call his mother.
Dawn learns.
Her mother has died  leading her stepfather Bill to attempt to throw Brad out.
Brad sics his dog.
Dawn meets her stepfather and Melanie and  emboldened by her power  she goes back home to seek revenge.
Dawn puts and goes to seduce her stepbrother.
Brad recalls.
While still kids  Dawn bit his finger.
It was not her mouth.
Bit him.
Dawn s vagina bites off his penis.
He realizes this.
She releases it.
Brad s dog eats it  spitting out the glans and genital piercing.
Dawn leaves him whimpering and maimed.
But her bike tire sustains a puncture  so she begins hitchhiking.
She gets a lift  but falls asleep and rides for several hours  waking up after nightfall.
He repeatedly locks the doors.
When she tries to get out.
He licks his lips.
To ask to release her.
<EOS>
Western movie star Tom Ford is scheduled to make a guest appearance.
His publicity manager Lee Wilson convinces singing cowboy Gene Autry to appear.
When Ford leaves.
Gene meets Marion Hill.
Driving from Hollywood.
When his trailer collides.
Marion is also  intending to enter her show steer in the Texas Centennial.
Watching Gene skillfully retrieve her cattle  Marion is impressed to see a movie star perform.
Gene sings on the radio and becomes a national hit.
Studio head Swartz  hoping to capitalize  decides to launch a series of Western musicals starring Tom Ford.
Though the real Ford can not sing a note.
Ford s real fiancee is infuriated.
When the engagement is announced in the newspapers.
Meanwhile  gambler Tony Rico and his henchmen arrive to collect the $.
Tom owes.
Wilson is forced to pay the debt  plus $ 25000 to keep Rico.
Tom Ford finally shows up and reports.
The studio head would rather appease the blackmailers than replace Gene Ford.
Gene and Marion perform as part of the centennial.
Marion is forced to leave.
When Tom Ford s fiancee shows up.
Gene takes a risk and confesses his true identity.
Order to save his romance.
The audience prefers him to the real Tom Ford.
Gene s confession ruins Rico s blackmail attempt  and he and his henchmen escape by dressing as cowboys and joining the cavalcade act.
Gene chases in true western style  eventually arresting them.
The money is lost in a lagoon by Gene s sidekick  Frog.
Tom Ford is now working.
Gene s double.
Gene sings on the set of his new movie  and she and Gene kiss.
<EOS>
Lewis Tater  a 1930s-era aspiring novelist  decides to leave his family home to go to the University of Titan in Nevada.
Who harbors dreams.
He can soak up the western atmosphere.
He arrives to find.
There is no university  only a mail order correspondence course scam run.
He tries to spend the night  and is attacked by one of the men.
He escapes his attacker and steals their car  pulling over.
When it runs out.
He wanders and happens upon a threadbare film-unit grinding out B westerns called Tumbleweed Studios.
He catches a lift to Los Angeles.
He is referred by crusty old extra Howard Pike to the Rio  a western themed restaurant.
He is called.
Washing dishes.
Where Howard mentors him to be an actor.
Unit manager Kessler offers him a speaking role.
Tater then falls with spunky script girl Miss Trout.
Meanwhile his pursuers trace him to retrieve the safe-box containing their money.
Was. 
<EOS>
Karen Cook was a high school student.
Evil invaded her life.
She would soon be known.
The world would come to call Basement Jack.
Karen Cook lived in fear.
One day Basement Jack would be released.
Then  a court hearing found.
He was released.
A year later  murders baring a resemblance were occurring around the town of Downers Grove.
Karen Cook soon realized.
The maniac was hunting her and that the only option left was to find Jack and kill him.
So the hunt began.
And.
The town would find one another and as they hunt one.
<EOS>
John Tunstall  an educated Englishman and cattle rancher  hires wayward young gunmen to live and work on his ranch.
Tunstall is with another well-connected Irishman named Lawrence Murphy.
Who owns a large ranch  their men clash.
Tunstall recruits Billy and advises him to renounce violence saying.
He who sows the wind will reap the whirlwind.
Tensions escalate  resulting in the murder of Tunstall.
Billy  Doc Scurlock  Jose Chavez y Chavez  Richard M.
Dick Brewer  Dirty Steve Stephens  and Charlie Bowdre  consult their lawyer friend Alex McSween  and given warrants.
Who manages to get them deputized.
Billy quickly challenges Dick s authority  vowing revenge against Murphy and the men responsible for killing Tunstall.
The men call themselves The Regulators and arrest some.
Hot-Headed Billy is unable to wait.
He guns down unarmed men and goes on to kill one in the paranoid belief.
He was still with Murphy.
The men are stripped.
They find out.
That same paper also confuses Dick  showing a picture of Dick labeled Billy the Kid  a nickname.
Which Billy takes an immediate liking.
The Regulators argue.
The local authorities begin their hunt.
To go.
One tracks them down  barricades himself in an outhouse.
Dick dies.
Billy appoints himself.
Becomes famous.
S.
Army is charged.
The gang eludes attention.
Charlie gets married.
Billy meets Pat Garrett  but warns Billy.
Attending the wedding.
Who is not yet a sherriff.
Will happen the next day.
Thus the gang.
Packs up and heads off to save Alex.
New Mexico appear and surround the house  trapping them.
Another intense shootout begins.
Peppin  open fire.
Billy once again shows his shooting prowess.
Should have been impossible.
A ceasefire is called.
The battle continues the next morning.
When the Army rolls  accompanied by Murphy.
They torch.
The house and Chavez runs  causing Steve to assert that he has deserted the gang.
The men come up.
The house begins to burn down.
They begin throwing Alex s possessions.
Billy places himself inside.
He takes his opponents.
When it lands.
When he leaps out.
Almost  Doc bursts out of the winding stairway leading to the top floor with guns blazing  followed by Charlie and Steve.
Billy is shot twice.
All the men make it.
Charlie challenges the bounty hunter John Kinney  Kinney shoots Charlie and Charlie fires back.
Charlie kills Kinney.
In the process takes a few more bullets and dies.
Chavez takes the Army.
Screaming Regulators.
He comes and jumps their barricade to get his extra horses to the surviving Regulators.
Billy jumps.
Doc gets.
Doc is shot  he rides over and picks her up.
His girlfriend Yen Sun  Murphy s Chinese sex-slave  screams.
They ride off.
Chavez tries to get Steve  but is wounded and falls to the ground.
Steve helps  but is then left and unarmed.
Chavez mount a horse and sends the horse off so Chavez can escape.
He is shot multiple times.
He falls.
Alex cheers ride away.
The army opens fire with a Gatling gun.
He is killed.
Murphy hurls threats and curses  but is stunned.
The remaining men ride away.
When Billy turns back.
Saying  Reap it Murphy  you son  he makes another impossible long-range pistol shot  hitting Murphy right between the eyes and killing him.
The final scene is a voice.
What happened afterward.
He includes.
Alex s widow caused a congressional investigation.
Chavez took work in California  Doc moved east to New York and married Yen Sun.
Whom he had saved.
Billy continued to ride.
He was found and shot dead.
Billy was buried next at Fort Sumner.
A stranger went the Kid late at night and made a carving into the headstone.
The epitaph read only one word  PALS.
<EOS>
American SSgt John Patterson  an Army Air Force gunner  is billeted in the London home of the Duke of Exmoor in London s Grosvenor Square.
He is taken off combat operations.
He is befriended.
Who has taken leave to contest a parliamentary.
Patterson meets the duke s granddaughter  Lady Patricia Fairfax  a corporal in the Women s Auxiliary Air Force.
Who is David s childhood sweetheart.
They fall in love.
David is unaware.
What is happening before the election  when it becomes clear to him during a party on the estate.
The next day  the duke learns.
His estate has been appropriated and that David has lost the election.
He contrives to obtain medical clearance to go back to combat duty.
When Patterson realizes that Pat and David have long expected to marry.
David and Pat have an ugly showdown.
To learn that he has gone back.
David realizes.
Pat still loves Patterson and arranges for them to reunite.
Returning  Patterson attempts to help his pilot land their B-17 Flying Fortress at an emergency landing strip at Exmoor  but is killed.
When the bomber stalls as they manoeuvre to avoid crashing.
The duke and his family mourn Patterson in the village church.
David takes off to parachute into France on.
<EOS>
Speedy Gonzales must save his friends  Pablo and Fernando.
The trouble is.
They are inebriated  and would much rather pick a fight.
Can Speedy save them.
<EOS>
The pig Desmond and his friends are haunted.
Granted  they are not sure.
He even exists  but who else could have snatched evil Wille s electric guitar  Sebastian Hare s boxing gloves and Bittan Cow s stock.
<EOS>
The movie opens.
A team  including Jack Chen  a rookie  watch through surveillance.
A sexy female assassin named Fiona Birch enters the man s heavily guarded apartment suite and   kills him by breaking his spine with her bare hands.
Her car is hit.
She makes her escape.
A woman shoots her to death.
The officers rush over to extricate her.
The woman is revealed to be Madam M  the leader of a mysterious assassin organization.
Which the killed assassin belonged.
Young girls across the globe start disappearing one after another.
The only relationship is.
They are all trained.
These girls have been abducted and transported to an island to be trained to become professional assassins.
Correctly theorized.
Katt and Jing survive and graduate.
The last test was a fight for survival/to the death test.
Katt and Charlene  being friends  could not kill each other  and so each is accepted.
To celebrate Madame M gives them all different wine.
Has drugs.
Madame M calls her guards.
The drugs take effect.
Who brutally rape the girls  thus making them ready.
The three girls are then sent.
Charlene coincidentally runs into her long-lost mother  Faye Ching.
Jack   tracks Charlene down.
Who has been following Madam M s case.
Charlene manages to knock him out and escape.
Believing  Jack waits.
Charlene would return to seek her mother.
However  Jing shows up first and stabs Faye.
Jack tries to fend her off but was no match.
Charlene shows up shortly and kills Jing.
The two then escort the wounded Faye.
Charlene and Katt accept a final mission.
Order to regain their freedom.
A yakuza boss  Ryuichi  has contracted Madam M to eliminate a traitor.
The mission turns out to be Ryuichi s trap to avenge his partner.
Who was assassinated previously.
Ryuichi kills Madam M and captures Katt.
Charlene escapes.
Later  she and Katt went and finds.
It was a trap.
Ryuichi then shoots a dart containing a drug.
Then  Charlene calls him to meet her.
Jack was.
They end up making love and.
She left a note saying if they have fate.
She watches helplessly.
When Charlene returns the next day to rescue Katt.
Katt   is killed by Ryuichi  with a sword.
The enraged Charlene battles Ryuichi and through an intense fight  finally manages to kill him  using the technique used.
Jack and Charlene s mother  Faye  are.
Everything is over.
Faye jokingly says.
These things must have been all nonsense.
But Jack tells her.
Although he never had a religion he feels peace every time he is.
Faye commends his behavior and says.
He should visit the temple more often.
Meanwhile  we see Charlene.
She tells the deity.
She wishes to be.
Jack claims  the last scene of the movie is Charlene watching Jack rush through the crowd looking for her.
There are times when he is sure that Charlene is.
<EOS>
Joe/Narcissus is an ordinary man.
Who has recently signed a complicated lease.
He discovers.
He wonders how to pay the rent.
He can see the contents.
He realises  and sets up a business  selling tailor-made dreams to a variety of frustrated and neurotic clients.
He can apply his gift.
Each is full within minutes of his first day of operation  the first installment on the 2 billion clients according to the male narrator in voiceover.
Is the creation of a contemporary avant-garde and/or surrealist artist.
Follows. 
Whose voice is the only one we hear.
Case number one is Mr and Mrs A.
Mr A is a methodical  exact bank clerk.
His wife complains.
He -RSB- has a mind  no virtues  no vices.
She wants a dream with practical values to widen his horizons  heighten ambitions  maybe a raise in salary.
Joe asks Mrs A to leave the room.
Mr A reveals.
He has a collection of art images cut from magazines  including drawings of a woman reclining in bed  another on an old man s lap  another being shot by an animal-headed man  a filmic image of red liquid passing through water  and another of a melting wax figure of a woman.
Joe finds a dream.
Leaves fall to the ground beside a red curtain.
A woman in a red-curtained four-poster bed.
A small golden ball rises and falls.
She breathes.
She swallows the ball  smiles and falls asleep.
Bars appear.
A man watches.
She dreams.
It appears.
The man is part  and telephones her to ask in voiceover for details.
She tells him.
They talked.
Her telephone falls and excludes a misty smoke.
Envelops her bed.
<EOS>
It film is prequel.
Once Krash and Chiko wandered.
There they found an old TV  and brought it.
But they did nt know.
What it is.
Then Carlin said.
This item shows all that is happening.
Dokko fixed it and turned it.
The television showed.
A TV show Lucian  in which his archenemy  the evil Dr Caligari  came up to destroy Lucian and take over the world.
Kikoriki built a raft and sailed.
Where he Lucian lived.
Meanwhile  lived Berry.
Who played Lucian.
Berry decided.
When they arrived Kikoriki and said they came.
They were crazy.
Is lost.
He was explaining how it is  in the city of Chico.
Krash hung offer  Misseng Chika.
Chico and found shelter.
Soon.
Police suspicion falls.
<EOS>
Rob  the owner and  is working in a laboratory.
Whom they refer.
Where he tends.
The computer crashes  thanks from Wittgenstein  an old TLW-728 supercomputer.
Working. 
The appliances   then seek to help Rob  hence recovering the master s thesis.
Along who found Wittgenstein.
Meanwhile   Mack  Rob s lab assistant  plots to sell the injured animals  to a place called Tartaras Laboratories  the same place.
Rob had been tending.
Skinned Sebastian s hand when he was just a baby.
They discover him abandoned  all alone and run-down and broken.
When the appliances find Wittgenstein.
The miserable supercomputer reveals.
He is living.
The appliances learn.
Unless they find a replacement quickly  Wittgenstein s tube will blow and lead.
Radio and Ratso go to the college s storage building to find the hard-to-find WFC 11-12-55 tube.
Radio and Ratso accidentally breaks it.
When they come back.
It seems.
All hope is lost.
Wittgenstein does his best.
He blows his tube and apparently is a goner.
Ratso then blames Radio.
Causes Radio himself to suicidly give up his own tube which turns out to be the very rare tube they had been looking  thus leaving himself as a lifeless appliance.
Apparently  the appliances replaced the tube  with the boosted power of the new tube  Wittgenstein wakes up  miraculously regenerates the other smashed tubes connected to himself and is completely revived to as good as new.
The appliances restore Rob s thesis and stop Mack from selling the injured animals  Radio s tube is replaced with a new one.
All is well.
<EOS>
Marek tells him a story.
When a young man comes to aged Anton Marek.
Leads. 
Lieutenant Marek is assigned to an Austro-Hungarian regiment stationed in a small town.
There he meets Baroness Edith de Kekesfalva  a young woman.
Who is a paraplegic accident.
Noticing  Baron Emil de Kekesfalva asks him to spend time.
The young man has cheered up his depressed daughter.
Marek finds her company pleasant enough and agrees.
The baron has consulted many renowned doctors  none hold out any hope for his daughter s recovery.
Finally   he has turned to hardworking  dedicated Dr Albert Condor.
Who at least refuses to give up.
Condor notices a great improvement.
He accurately ascribes.
Marek remains unaware.
One day  Marek tells the family  despite Condor s warning to wait.
He has had a chance to investigate.
Condor later informs him.
It can not help Edith.
The damage is done.
Edith reveals her love.
The hope unassisted.
Guilt-ridden  the young man pretends to love her and agrees to marry her.
She is cured.
However   Marek angrily denies them  disapproving fellow officers.
When rumors leak out.
Marek admits the truth.
When he is confronted.
To minimize the scandal  his commander immediately arranges his transfer far away.
Marek goes to see Condor.
He leaves.
The doctor is away.
Instead  Condor s blind wife Klara speaks.
She gets him to recognize.
He may love Edith.
He tries to telephone Edith.
The lines are barred.
Marek must take the train to report with his new unit.
Klara assures him.
She will see Edith and clear things up.
She finds her.
When Klara visits Edith.
Edith has heard.
She wheels herself and flings herself over to her death.
Klara powerless to stop her.
<EOS>
The story begins.
These are young versions.
The three talk  Dudley believes.
He is destined to be a royal Canadian Mountie while Nell wishes to see the world.
Snidely  however  wishes to be the bad guy.
Several years later  all three have fulfilled their supposed destinies.
Dudley is now a Mountie.
Snidely has become an infamous bank robber.
Snidely tricks his entire gang.
Snidely and his gang rob a bank.
He has fled to the Sudan.
Snidely subsequently salts the stolen gold and spreads it.
Dudley catches him the act.
Snidely fools him.
He is vampire hunting.
Not long after  Nell returns and reunites with Dudley.
The two attend a festival.
Meanwhile  Prospector Kim J.
Darling  the poorest man  stumbles across the gold in the river and is made into a media sensation by Snidely.
The subsequent gold rush boosts Snidely s popularity.
He quickly takes control  renaming it Whiplash City.
Eventually  Snidely s men return to kill him for his deceit.
Snidely convinces them.
Dudley becomes convinced.
Snidely is up and confronts him.
Snidely laughs him off and snatches Nell.
Snidely sends his second  to assassinate Dudley with a bomb.
Dudley is absent.
When the bomb goes off.
Nell s father  Inspector Fenwick  discovers this and discharges Dudley.
Dudley falls.
He runs.
Darling tells Dudley and newfound popularity  and takes him to see a Gala Ball in Snidely s honor.
Dudley comically attempts to take Nell back  but loses pathetically.
Darling decides to put Dudley a more formidable opponent.
Basically involved Dudley being pummeled and beaten with sticks in an attempt to heighten his senses.
Leaves Dudley barely conscious.
Dudley will be perfectly alright  depending they DO NT attack him with sticks.
Dudley s first act is to intimidate one into telling him the next gold shipment.
Dudley sabotages the shipment and leaves his mark  as well as his favorite golf course.
Eventually  Darling leaves to find his family  and parts ways  thanking him for his friendship.
Dudley then uses his new training to win Nell back.
Who swears revenge.
Snidely attempts to rally the people.
Their lingering respect only turns them against Snidely.
Snidely ultimately discovers  and leads a full scale attack.
Dudley and Nell are.
The Kumquats flee.
Horse reappears and helps Dudley sabotage Snidely s tanks.
A cavalry appears and arrests Snidely and his men.
Darling also arrives and is reunited with Dudley  revealing.
They called out the cavalry.
Inspector Fenwick reinstates Dudley.
The final scene shows Dudley and Nell living together.
They share a kiss.
The film closes.
<EOS>
Dave Chappelet is a self-centered  ambitious ski racer.
S.
Olympic team.
He joins the team  and immediately clashes with the team s head coach  Eugene Claire  as well as the more experienced teammates.
The ego-driven Chappelet complains and shows little interest in team success or morale.
Make him a rising contender.
His assistant Carole takes a romantic interest.
May or may not be sincere.
Chappelet becomes the U.
S.
Team s best hope is injured in a pre-Olympic race.
Claire does nt like counting  but a great deal is at stake.
Chappelet delivers the race.
<EOS>
Carlos lives with his sister  Maria  off the Indian coast in a fishing village.
One day a mysterious young woman  Lisa  enters their lives  followed.
Maria and Tony fall with each other  much to the chagrin of Simon.
Who loves Maria and wants to marry her.
Lisa then warns Maria  they have had an affair together.
She has known Tony.
He had betrayed her  however  this warning has no effect.
Then a gypsy palm-reader also cautions Maria.
She may be headed at the hands of a stranger.
The question remains  is being drawn at the hands of Tony.
Who exactly are Lisa and Tony  and what is the reason  and whether or not Maria.
The spirit lies at the base of the story.
The film has a strong religious color  unusual for Guru Dutt.
<EOS>
The film commences.
The father has departed  but that together they will start a new life.
A love story is then told.
Who swear each other eternal love.
The two are separated.
When Rebecca departs suddenly.
Twelve years later Rebecca returns to find.
Tommy not only remembers her  but still cares deeply.
The two begin a new relationship.
Tommy is a political activist fighting.
Who plan to open a new natural park populated.
Tommy plans to spoil the inauguration ceremony.
Rebecca  herself a geologist finding new sites of natural resources  insists on accompanying Tommy.
Driving through a lonely wilderness  Rebecca asks Tommy to stop the car.
That she can urinate.
Tommy leaves the car and is struck and killed.
Rebecca looks.
Tommy s parents are stricken.
Rebecca wants to use new scientific advancements to have Tommy cloned and thereby bring him back.
She offers to be impregnated and give birth to him.
His father agrees to give Rebecca Tommy s cell material  urging her to carefully think through her decision.
Rebecca  however  continues and gives birth.
Tommy is now raised.
The two have a close relationship.
Rebecca presents a toy saurian  an artificial living animal created using new biotechnology.
Tommy and his playmates do not want to play.
She is a clone.
The neighbourhood mothers also display prejudice  telling Rebecca not to let her son associate with them.
Rebecca  though horrified  gives in.
Order not to isolate her son.
Eventually rumours spread.
Tommy is forced to celebrate his birthday alone.
Rebecca moves.
Tommy begins to ask questions  wanting to know.
His father died.
He buries the Pleo.
His mother gave him out playing with his friend  which ultimately breaks the toy.
His mother finds out and gives him back the Pleo.
Is now no longer working.
Years later  Tommy has grown as old.
He was when he died.
He is now the adult son.
Rebecca behaves jealously.
When Tommy brings a girlfriend home to stay.
His girlfriend s.
Tommy struggles.
What seems to be sexual tension.
The mother  now an old woman  arrives unexpectedly and stares silently at Tommy.
Who feels he recognizes the stranger.
Frightened and frustrated  Tommy lashes out at Rebecca and ignores his girlfriend.
Who leaves shortly thereafter.
Tommy angrily demands answers.
Who gives him an old laptop containing pictures  to whom it had belonged  with his mother and father.
Tommy has sex  it is implied.
He took her virginity.
The next day Tommy packs his things and leaves - the pregnant Rebecca is carrying Tommy s child.
<EOS>
The four friends  Cloe  Yasmin  Sasha  and Jade  are about to start high school.
Head girl Meredith Baxter Dimly wants everyone to belong  and goes about organizing people.
She does not like the independent spirit to destroy their friendship and make them conform to her pre-fabricated cliques.
Cloe is an ace soccer player.
She meets Cameron and is instantly smitten.
Sasha is recruited.
Jade joins the nerdy kids and meets Dexter and designs great outfits.
Yasmin joins the journalist kids.
Yasmin meets Dylan  but can lip read.
Who is deaf.
The friends begin to drift apart.
They are compelled to stay.
Two years later  the girls no longer speak.
Meredith is organizing a talent show.
She engineers it every year.
That she can win.
Yasmin begins to know Dylan better.
Cloe and Cameron like each other.
Meredith likes Cameron as well  and goes out.
She sends her dog.
The dog trips Cloe and sends her food flying.
Soon  Sasha and Yasmin get involved  resulting.
The four girls end up.
Much  however  the girls repair their damaged relationship and vow to stay together.
Meredith prepares.
No one can come unless they are willing to sit.
Yasmin  Cloe  Jade  and Sasha  unwilling to break their friendship again  refuse to go.
But  Cloe and her friends take over the job.
When Cloe s mother becomes sick and ca nt make the food.
They are humiliated.
When their server costumes turn out to be clown suits.
Jade and Sasha turn the outfits.
Make everyone take notice.
A huge stage has been set up.
Where Meredith sings.
She embarrasses Yasmin.
Her downfall begins.
When Yasmin and her friends refuse to serve her.
She falls off the back  crashes into her birthday cake  and finally plunges into the pool.
She rented.
Humiliated  Meredith calls the girls brats.
They decide to take the name  and are known thereafter as BRATZ.
The girls deal  Sasha copes with her separated parents and wants them to try again  Cloe and her mother are struggling to make ends meet.
Jade is keeping a part  this applies in particular to her overprotective mother.
The reason is.
It is unknown.
What had happened.
Soon the girls make up.
The film ends.
When the girls perform together  overpowering Meredith.
Meredith wins the trophy.
The girls win the scholarship.
They give.
The girls are also invited.
Where they sing while Meredith watches them.
<EOS>
Los Angeles sophisticates Bob and Carol Sanders return to their life determined to embrace free love and complete openness.
Bob and Carol happily reveal their ensuing love affairs  sparking both the curiosity and repulsion of their more conservative close friends Ted and Alice Henderson.
Ted admits.
When the two couples travel together.
An outraged Alice demands.
This new ethos be taken.
But  something prevents it  the film never explains.
When they are actually ready to begin the deed.
What that something is or may be.
They are in the elevator coming down from their trip.
They are shell shocked.
All have woken up to their collective morning after.
The music swells.
What the world needs now is love sweet love.
<EOS>
John Constantine is an exorcist.
Who lives.
Born  he committed suicide at age 15  unable to cope with his visions  but was revived by paramedics before descending into Hell.
He knows.
His soul is condemned to damnation when he dies once more  and has recently learned that he has developed cancer.
Constantine seeks an audience with the androgynous half-breed angel Gabriel.
Gabriel advises.
Because he performs the exorcisms  they are vain acts that will not spare him from Hell.
Constantine is attacked by a full-fledged demon.
Papa Midnite fails to produce answers.
L.
A.
P.
D.
Detective Angela Dodson shows up.
Who leapt.
Constantine tells Angela  a standing wager.
God and Lucifer are engaged.
Neither true angels nor demons can manifest.
They are allowed to possess and influence humans.
Constantine learns.
Mammon  Lucifer s son  seeks to create his own kingdom by breaking through onto the human plane.
To do so  Mammon requires a powerful psychic  Isabel.
Who was provided.
Hennessy and Beeman are found dead.
Constantine concludes.
Balthazar was responsible.
Angela reveals.
She possessed the same gift but denied it to the point that it became inactive.
Constantine reawakens Angela s psychic ability  then hunts down and interrogates Balthazar.
Who reveals that Mammon has obtained the Spear.
Angela is abducted and taken to Isabel s hospital to be used as the portal for Mammon s entrance to Earth.
Constantine storms Midnite s club and Midnite allows him to use The Chair  an old electric chair.
Had killed.
It shows Constantine a vision.
The Spear was discovered and has been brought to Los Angeles.
Constantine and Chas head and interrupt the ritual.
Chas is beaten by an unseen force in the process.
Using incantations and sigils tattooed  Constantine reveals the force to be Gabriel.
The angel promptly subdues Constantine.
Gabriel laments God s favoritism and believes.
Bringing Hell will enable those who survive to become truly worthy of God s love through repentance and faith.
Gabriel then throws Constantine and begins to release Mammon.
Constantine slits his wrists.
Gabriel moves to stab Angela and release Mammon.
Time stops.
Lucifer arrives to personally collect his soul.
Constantine tells Lucifer.
Lucifer sends Mammon back to keep Mammon from conquering Earth before him.
The angel s wings are burned away.
When Gabriel attempts to smite Lucifer.
Gabriel becomes human.
Constantine is owed a favor and asks.
Isabel be allowed to go.
Lucifer obliges and begins to drag Constantine  but his self sacrifice has redeemed him.
He begins to rise.
Infuriated and wishing to reacquire Constantine s soul  Lucifer heals his wounds and cures him.
That he may live again.
Constantine departs after refusing the temptation to kill Gabriel  and gives the Spear to Angela instructing her to hide it  then forget it.
He starts to chew.
He watches her leave.
Constantine visited Chas  grave.
He left his lighter.
He always used.
Chas became an angel and flew upwards to the sky.
When he left.
Constantine smile and left.
<EOS>
Set  the film focuses on Mamie Stover  a San Francisco prostitute.
Who is chased away by several policemen.
Sent away  she sets out to Honolulu.
Where onboard she meets Jim Blair  a successful writer who thinks as a Cinderella-like beauty.
Flattered  Mamie enjoys not being associated and falls in love with the man.
A shipboard romance is cut short.
When Mamie notices Jim being romantically welcomed ashore Annalee.
Jim lends Mamie $ 100 to help her build a career.
They part.
Afterwards  she visits an old friend  Jackie Davis.
Who introduces her.
Even more cold-hearted is Bertha s vicious and sadistic manager Harry Adkins.
Who thinks very lowly.
Mamie applies.
Though it means that she is not allowed to have a boyfriend  visit Waikiki Beach or open a bank account.
Sometime later  Mamie  having earned enough money  pays back her debt and invites him to the night club.
Jim finds out.
Mamie has become the main attraction  and that she has even acquired the nickname ` Flaming Mamie.
Mamie is disappointed  and rejects an offer to return home.
Instead  she convinces him to rekindle their affair.
This puts a string with Annalee  the latter feeling jealous and hurt by the amount of attention.
Jim is giving Mamie.
Meanwhile  Mamie convinces Jim to write out a check.
A response addressed Jim.
He reluctantly agrees to go along  and later even backs up Mamie.
When Harry beats her up.
The bombing temporarily fades the personal setbacks.
Mamie is enduring.
She instead capitalizes by purchasing a piece of land cheaply and renting it out.
Jim responds to Pearl Harbor by enlisting the infantry.
He convinces Mamie to marry him after World War II and leave the.
Returning  Mamie finds out.
Harry has been fired.
Bertha  fearing to lose the biggest attraction  promises to make Mamie a star and furthermore offers her half of the profits  as well as a possibility to deceive Jim.
Misleading Jim does not work  though.
He receives a promotional poster  posing for a performance at the club.
He is hit and wounded.
He can respond.
He is granted to leave to Hawaii to confront Mamie.
Jim concludes.
Their lives are too different.
He leaves her.
Heartbroken  Mamie leaves Hawaii.
She tells a police officer.
She has lost a fortune.
<EOS>
The story begins  two women in their thirties.
Who are living.
They begin to discuss life and romance.
They are getting ready.
The story then catapults itself.
The two women met and where their story really begins.
Quirky Cora is an aspiring biochemist to go to university but ends up taking a jump towards late teenage rebellion  drinks excessively.
Which she tries drugs.
Cora discovers.
Immediately all her dreams are shattered.
She becomes a pregnant housewife who is eventually dumped.
Ellen is strait-laced and level-headed  A budding cartoonist with prospects to run her own business alongside her colleague Stanley.
Makes a pass.
She is instantly smitten.
Ellen invites Daniel to meet her very prim and proper mother.
Who is instantly reviled that he is writing a dissertation on the post-coital discussions women have with men.
Ellen decides to accept Daniel s marriage proposal and soon weds him  delighted with his wedding gift of a purple velvet Victorian style couch.
Not long Ellen s hopes of a having a family are forced out of the picture.
When Daniel reveals he does nt want children.
Daniel is still womanizing and gambling excessively.
She discovers he has been cheating.
Where she meets heavily pregnant Cora.
Friends and Ellen even becomes Cora s coach.
She goes to give birth to her son Sam.
A year and a half later  Cora is given a night from her children.
She goes.
Which she calls Ellen s house to try and convince her friend to join her.
Ellen is out.
Daniel shows up.
The woman does nt know what he looks.
Cora is horrified  even more horrifying is the realization.
When Daniel turns up.
She has become pregnant once again  this time.
Daniel decides.
Cora decides to keep the child.
He wants nothing to do  and refuses to even pay maintenance  leaving Cora once again a single mother with no additional income.
Years pass.
Ellen and Daniel are going.
Is left slightly easier.
Regardless he has caused her  Ellen is still undeniably in love with him and still fully unaware.
Her best friend s youngest son Col is the son.
Cora is struggling with life still.
Still depressed she has never been able to reveal to her friend the truth of her son s paternity.
Cora realises.
Daniel makes a return.
She is running out to tell Ellen the truth and all her friends and neighbours who are fully aware of what Cora done years before urge her to be honest.
Ellen  Cora and some close neighbours become blindingly drunk.
Throwing a dinner party.
Cora finally confesses the truth.
Humiliated  Ellen throws everyone out  and locks herself in her flat for days  becoming horribly depressed over the fact.
Cora had the son.
She herself had always wanted to have.
Daniel returns.
He finds immediately that he is unwelcome.
Ellen does nt want anything to do anymore.
Cora develops a relationship with Ellen s co-worker Stanley and begins.
To feel more confident and what she wants from life after a near-death experience.
Finally she works up the courage to go and apologise.
Regardless  the two women manage to come to a mutual understanding.
As Daniel bursts.
Ellen forfeits the couch and throws Daniel and his friend out  immediately afterwards retrieving a bag from a cupboard and stashed in the flat.
Contains # 25000 which Daniel had won.
Ellen splits the money  giving # 13000 to Cora to pay the maintenance.
Daniel had never paid.
She takes the remaining money.
Where she bets the lot.
Seconds is approached by Daniel  Ellen hands him the betting slip and walks away with Cora  having finally got her revenge on him.
Who has realised his mistake and is demanding his money back.
<EOS>
The film is set.
Where death has become extremely unusual.
She becomes a celebrity and is besieged.
When Katherine Mortenhoe is diagnosed.
The television company NTV offers her a large sum - they have already spied on her.
She will allow her last days to be filmed and made.
She is told and prepared posters for the show which show her face.
Katherine pretends to agree but evades NTV s employees and goes with the assistance of a casual acquaintance called Roddy.
The audience knows.
She does.
- that Roddy is   a senior NTV cameraman who has undergone an experimental surgical procedure which implants cameras and transmitters behind his eyes  so that everything he sees is relayed back to NTV  who use it as the basis for their reality show.
A side-effect is  he uses drugs to keep awake  has learned to sleep for brief periods with his eyes open  and carries a flashlight.
He will go blind if he experiences more than a short period.
He shines at night.
Much took place in and around Glasgow  including  Glasgow Necropolis  Glasgow Cathedral  the former Queen s Dock on the River Clyde and the Glasgow City Chambers.
.
<EOS>
A sentry marches  upon.
Is painted Defense dafficher.
A bill poster waits and pastes up an advertising bill.
Him to pass.
A second bill poster covers the first ad.
The two bill posters squabble  and then flee.
The sentry is then reprimanded.
<EOS>
Ramesan  reaches Pandavapuram.
Who supports the five member family.
Where he finds the conditions to be truly stark and dreary.
Director dwells.
Ramesan is trying to find his friend Leelakrishnan Salim Kumar.
Who acts.
Rabima Bindu Panicker gives him shelter.
Who runs a brothel.
Seemingly oblivious  Sivani a teenage girl lives with Rabima and Ranima She falls in love with Ramesan.
Bharathiyakka  an old inmate fills her wallet with money earned by selling virgins to infamous pimps.
She persuades Rabima to sell Sivani  Rabima is trying to save the lives of prostitutes by getting as much money.
She can.
Sivani s aspirations bite the dust leaving her emotionally shattered.
When Rabima decides to sell her.
But then matters are put for the usual happy ending.
<EOS>
The film documents the events.
Saw a French Captain  Alfred Dreyfus  sent for espionage near the end of the nineteenth century.
Colonel Georges Picquart is given the job.
Instead  he discovers.
Dreyfus  a Jew  was merely a convenient scapegoat.
His attempt sees.
The famous French author  Emile Zola  found guilty.
<EOS>
The basic plot concept bears a strong similarity  also featuring Toshiro Mifune.
<EOS>
Captured  Gwendoline is sold to a local casino owner  but  rescued by Willard  a mercenary adventurer  she is reunited with her maid  Beth  after the latter s abduction by the same thieves.
Who had earlier kidnapped Gwendoline.
Hired to transport an illegal cargo  Willard reluctantly agrees to take both women.
Beth  withholding information vital  promises to divulge it only if he becomes their guide.
Gwendoline   offers Willard $ 2000 to take her and Beth to the land of the Yik-Yak tribe.
Who has come to capture the butterfly that eluded her father  who d staked his professional reputation as a scientist on obtaining the insect.
Which the butterfly may be found.
The trio find the butterfly  but   Beth is captured by the.
She is about to capture it.
Gwendoline and Willard must enter the all-women tribe s underground lair to rescue the maid.
To ensure the survival  the Yik-Yak s queen allows a victor among them to mate with any man.
Who visits or is captured.
Aided.
Who is a scientist.
The scientist activates the volcano.
She has sex.
The Yik-Yak live.
He  the queen  and others are killed.
Gwendoline  Beth  and Willard escape.
Willard is able to capture the elusive butterfly.
<EOS>
Raymond Ayala stars.
Who gets tangled.
Edgar encounters disruption among his crew men  while falling in love with an uptown girl from with the violent barrio underworld.
Whom Dinero must conceal his strong ties.
The movie was mostly shot.
Both barrios kings in the underworld in Caguas  PR.
Other places used were Puerto Nuevo   and New York City.
<EOS>
Dr Ravi returns and takes up position as Chief Surgeon in a hospital.
He then meets.
Who lives an impoverished lifestyle  and decides to perform surgery.
A guilt-ridden Ravi marries Shanti much  Kaka   Rajni.
Who had hoped that he would marry his daughter.
The couple then travel to Kashmir  and then settle down to a harmonious relationship.
Hoping to travel even more  their plans are interrupted.
Who wants Ravi to focus.
The couple drop all travel plans and immerse themselves so much so  and not wanting to become a burden  leaves.
Shanti herself becomes ill.
A frantic Ravi searches high and low  and is subsequently devastated to learn.
She has perished.
Kaka then becomes very ill.
Kaki tells Ravi.
The cause is Rajni s insistence that she not marry anyone except Ravi.
Ravi marries her but is unable to get Shanti out of his mind.
An embittered Rajni feels neglected and decides to confront him - resulting - perhaps never to see again - and unable to do any further cancer research.
<EOS>
An ancient meteorite crashes.
Six construction workers later begin work building an airstrip  on an island off the coast of Africa.
Foreman Kelly and bulldozer driver Mack uncover the meteorite.
Emits a strange sound.
It emits a blue light and seems to possess the bulldozer.
When the bulldozer is used to try to shift the meteorite.
Mack  standing nearby  falls ill and then dies.
This occurs.
Chub  the team s mechanic  can not find anything wrong  but can hear the odd sound behind the scoop.
Kelly orders not be used.
Beltran ignores the prohibition and starts the bulldozer  bringing it to malevolent life.
It destroys the camp s only two-way radio and begins a rampage  killing the workers one.
It seems to run indefinitely.
The machine has some rudimentary intelligence and guile  and hunts down the men.
The crew is soon reduced.
Running out.
They jokingly convict the bulldozer and devise methods of ` executing  it.
Too heavy to hang  too big.
They realize it might be electrocuted.
They lure it.
The alien entity emerges.
The bulldozer is electrified.
An aura finally fades.
The men shut down the power and check the scoop  no sound.
Kelly realizes.
His story will not be believed as he is a recovering alcoholic.
This job was his last chance to redeem himself.
<EOS>
The film traces the progress during WWII  in the Pacific.
One is a gung-ho patriot  the second is a perennial.
The third hopes to prove his worth.
Nico  Frankie and Alan come from the war.
Nico proposes.
A drunken Frankie fights.
Who thinks him a coward.
The wealthy Alan catches his fiancee  Sue.
Lorraine   has joined the military.
Who is.
She introduces his friend Alan.
They all go   then wakes up screaming at the thought of returning to the war.
Where Frankie first passes out.
Lorraine decides to leave him.
The three men return.
Where they end up engaged.
Frankie shows cowardice.
Nico tries into him.
Frankie is honored.
Nico is killed.
Alan learns.
Sue has attempted suicide.
He returns.
Who is.
Frankie  now promoted  brings Nico s last love letter home to Andrea.
Who has given birth.
<EOS>
Grover Groundhog and today is Groundhog Day.
Grover Groundhog does a dance.
His shadow means nothing to the weather forecast.
A radio broadcast prompts Grover to leave his burrow to see.
His shadow appears or not.
The cameras switch to guns and begin firing at Grover.
He manages to retreat.
Porky and his dog Mandrake are hunting as well.
Mandrake s first searching attempt only has him retrieve a boot.
Grover gives him a fright.
Mandrake lingers.
Mandrake recognises Grover and begins chasing him.
Grover starts scolding Mandrake and making a sad story.
This makes.
Mandrake oppose Porky s hunting  until Porky snaps him out.
Porky s dons a pair of earmuffs on Mandrake.
Grover tells another sad story into the earmuffs.
The dog pretends to commit suicide with a water pistol.
Porky gives Mandrake a final chance to catch the groundhog.
Grover tricks Mandrake.
That Porky thinks he ate the groundhog.
Grover whispers a sad story to pass on to Mandrake.
Mandrake snaps Porky.
Grover runs off.
All three rush into Grover s home and switch their fighting into shadow boxing.
<EOS>
Clay Easton is a college freshman.
Who returns home to find things very different from the way he left them.
His high school girlfriend  Blair  has become addicted and has been having sex with his high school best friend  Julian Wells.
Julian has become a drug addict and has been cut off for stealing to support his habit.
Julian is also being hassled for a debt of $.
He owes.
Clay s relationship and Julian s behaviour becomes more volatile.
His addiction is worsening.
Rip forces him to become a prostitute to work off the debt.
He does not have the money to pay off his debt.
Julian decides to quit and begs his father to help him.
He then tells Rip the next day his plans.
Rip does not believe and lures Julian.
Clay finds Julian and rescues him and with Rip and his henchman.
They escape and begin the long drive back home.
The next morning  Julian dies.
Clay and Blair are sitting on a cemetery bench reminiscing about him.
Clay then tells Blair and wants her to go.
He is going back east.
Which she agrees.
<EOS>
Retired and widowed judge.
Umakant Verma lives a wealthy lifestyle.
Gauri  the daughter  is the lead servant in the house.
She has never been treated.
He wants Shashikant to marry Gauri.
When Umakant makes his last will and testament.
And indeed   Shashikant and Gauri get married.
Soon Gauri gives birth.
A few months later gets pregnant again.
However   she finds out.
She gives birth.
Shashikant has been seeing his former girlfriend Krishna  and now refuses to meet her.
An intense rift happens.
Gauri leaves the house.
Ravikant is brought up.
Gauri gives birth and does her best to bring him up.
The story follows the separate individual lives.
<EOS>
Geoff Edgers is a reporter.
Facing a mid-life crisis  he decides to embark  The Kinks.
Founded by oft-feuding brothers Ray and Dave Davies  the group split in 1996 due to creative tension and poor record sales.
Edgers travels  interviewing and gaining the support of several personalities  including Sting  Paul Weller  Peter Buck  Zooey Deschanel  Clive Davis  Warren Zanes  and Robyn Hitchcock.
Edgers eventually travels to bring together The Kinks  original lineup  the Davies brothers  Pete Quaife  and Mick Avory.
Edgers interviews Avory and visits the annual Kinks fan club convention.
Where he talks.
Ray Davies makes a surprise visit.
He refuses to give an interview.
The crew not film his performance.
Later  Edgers is informed.
Dave Davies is willing to grant an interview.
They meet and discuss Dave s relationship with his brother.
Dave comments.
I think Ray was probably happy  in his life  and that was from the age of zero to three  when I was nt there.
I think  I think sadly  it never went away.
I kind of rained.
Edgers and Davies play the song Strangers together.
He then returns home.
Edgers and a classroom of children sing Weird Al Yankovic s parody of The Kinks  1970 hit Lola.
<EOS>
A young and attractive girl  Sarita  lives.
Her father hires a tutor to teach her.
Arun and Sarita slowly fall.
When she finds out he s a famous poet.
Her father is adamantly.
Arun is poor.
He wants Sarita to marry the son.
Furthermore  Sarita s aunt wants her to marry her nephew Ramu  also known and gets.
Him hired.
Moti Lal then gets a letter saying.
Sarita is not her father s legitimate daughter.
Her birth  religion and caste are called.
<EOS>
France  Deirdre  a young Irish woman  meets with Spence  Larry  Gregor  Vincent  and Sam.
Who is a member.
Of whom are veterans.
Deirdre briefs the men  attacking a heavily armed convoy and stealing a briefcase  the contents of which are never identified.
The team begins assembling their equipment.
Deirdre meets.
Who reveals that Russian gangsters are bidding so the team must act quickly to intercept it.
Later  Spence is exposed and summarily dismissed.
The others depart and form a plan.
Where they observe the convoy.
They ambush the convoy and pursue the survivors.
Gregor betrays the team  steals the case  and disappears.
Gregor first tries to sell the case  but his contact betrays him.
Gregor shoots him.
He next contacts Mikhi  the leader  and threatens to sell the case to the IRA  Mikhi agrees.
Mikhi pays a grossly inflated price.
Meanwhile  the rest track Gregor through one of Sam s old CIA contacts and corner him in the Arles Amphitheatre.
Gregor flees  but is captured by Seamus.
Who kills Larry and escapes.
Sam is wounded  and is taken to a villa owned by Vincent s friend.
Vincent asks Jean-Pierre to help him locate Gregor  Deirdre  and Seamus.
Meanwhile  Gregor admits to Seamus.
He mailed the case.
Days later   Sam confronts Deirdre.
Gregor and Seamus retrieve the case.
Who realizes that Sam has feelings and will not shoot her.
Vincent shoots out Dierdre s tires and sends her car over a highway overpass.
Gregor emerges.
Deirdre and Seamus are rescued.
Vincent and Sam discover.
The case is a type used.
Intelligence also suggest.
The Russians are involved.
Mikhi  in the audience watching Natacha  receives a call and goes backstage.
At the meet  Gregor reveals.
There is a sniper.
Mikhi shoots Gregor anyway  the sniper shoots Natacha.
Mikhi leaves.
Vincent and Sam follow the panicked crowd to see Seamus shoot Mikhi and steal the case.
Sam runs ahead and finds Deirdre sitting in the getaway car.
He urges her to leave  revealing himself.
Seamus shoots his way  wounding Vincent  back to the arena  with Sam in pursuit.
Seamus is about to kill Sam  but is fatally shot by Vincent.
Days later   Sam and Vincent talk over radio broadcasts revealing a peace agreement reached between Sinn Fein and the British government  partly as a result of Seamus s death.
They part.
Sam drives off.
Vincent pays the bill and leaves.
<EOS>
Jack Brown is an unemployed newspaper reporter.
He becomes so desperate.
Numerous unsuccessful attempts to get a job working.
He ends up taking a job.
S.
Bates.
Who owns the paper and many other businesses.
Brown is humiliated.
He clumsily attempts to serve food.
He is fired  but lands a part-time job.
Master Eric Bates  the spoiled-brat son  has been told.
He can have anything.
Amused  Eric informs his father s right-hand man Sydney Morehouse.
What he wants is Jack himself.
Morehouse fails to convince Eric.
Human beings can not be owned.
Jack agrees to be Eric s live-in friend during Eric s one-week spring break from military school.
Emotionally estranged  Eric takes a liking to Jack but still manages to humiliate him with numerous pranks.
Who literally introduces him.
He agrees to return only.
When U.
S.
Bates offers Jack so much money  but pay off the mortgage as well.
He can not only pay back the bank.
Jack returns  determined to teach Eric.
A friend is supposed to be treated.
They.
Even fishing.
The pair decide to start a newspaper for fun.
They dig up dirt on him  such as a story of.
He won his butler  Barkley.
They publish their paper and distribute it.
Bates is outraged.
To prove  he offers Jack a reporting job with his newspaper.
Money can buy loyalty.
Is what Jack wanted all along.
Eric is upset.
When he accepts.
He thinks Jack is selling out.
Jack tells the boy.
Most men need jobs.
As his priority is to support himself and his wife.
A swanky outdoor party is later held.
It is attended.
Some of whom are unaware it is to be a fundraising event.
Jack can not abide that  so he and Eric -- teaming up one last time -- disrupt the party and expose the real purpose  an attempt to blackmail the senator.
Who is.
Bates chases in a golf cart but ends up crashing into his own pool.
Jack saves him.
It seems.
All is forgiven.
Jack packs up and returns with his wife.
The next day   Bates tries desperately to have a heart-to-heart talk.
Driving Eric.
Eric runs off  making his way.
Jack gently admonishes Eric to give his father a chance.
Bates offers the newspaper job again and promises Eric.
Next year he can spend one week and one with Jack  much to Eric s joy.
<EOS>
Allison  a survivor  is being plagued by nightmares.
Gruesomely force her to revisit the camp site.
Unable to recall the actual occurrences due  she seeks the help of a psychiatrist in overcoming her insomnia.
Allison s psychiatrist advises her.
She is a survivor.
Her disbelief inclines her doctor to advise her to return to the site for an afternoon  in hopes.
If she were to see the scenes  she would remember them and overcome them.
Doubtful  Allison sets out.
She attended but never remembered.
She finds the camp to be closed and abandoned  the land now Federal Property.
When she reaches her destination.
She remininces.
Occurred. 
Allison narrates.
Archive footage are organised into themes  such as Angela being afraid of water.
Allison looks.
Her psychologist  Dr Lewis  advised her to meet up.
The ranger tries to start kissing her.
Allison decides and runs away.
Things are going too far.
The ranger chases her.
Allison stops.
She can run no longer.
Then she is found.
Later on  she approaches the ranger and threatens to kill him.
He does nt stay away.
She then approaches the hunter and shoots him.
Allsion is standing in the sun with a knife.
The sun is reflecting light off of.
The ranger approaches her  but she whirls around.
The film freezes.
She holds the knife.
It then cuts.
Where you see the ranger s dead body.
The credits then roll.
<EOS>
Eye takes place around the darker side of Hong Kong society.
Where the story begins.
The plot begins.
Who is plunged working alongside her mentor  Sergeant Wong.
Both work for the Hong Kong Police Force s Criminal Intelligence Bureau.
The Force attempt to track down one of the robbers by staking out the neighborhood.
They think he lives in.
Fatman is identified and tracked through a combination of tails  surveillance footage  and data-mining  including accessing his octopus card.
The Force ambush is established.
The elusive Hollow Man notices the police.
Some are killed.
The robbers flee.
The rest escape.
Chan kills an uniformed police officer.
He flees.
Piggy stops to give first aid rather than continue the pursuit.
The surveillance unit is then called.
Piggy is staking out a phone booth.
Where the kidnapper may make a call  when she sees Hollow Man go.
She recognises the kidnapper and allows the police to rescue the kidnap victim.
She pursues Hollow Man.
She escapes suspicion  but Hollow Man notices Sergent Wong and stabs him in the neck with a pair of scissors.
Where Hollow Man confronts her.
Wong convinces Piggy to continue to follow Hollow Man.
He slowly bleeds.
Piggy follows Wong for the Police Tactical Unit again.
Meanwhile  Wong survives his injury and gets medical attention.
Hollow Man flees down a dock and wounds himself mortally in the neck running past a hanging hook.
The other robbers were captured.
<EOS>
Tom s relaxation is interrupted by Jerry.
Who inadvertently walks all.
Jerry falls.
Nearly causes Tom to swallow his beach towel.
Escaping. 
Jerry goes out and casts his favorite bait  cheese.
Tom pulls and makes.
Jerry reel him.
Jerry lets go.
Tom struggles to stay afloat  losing the string.
Tom barely catches the pier.
Jerry swings the pole.
Jerry whistles and then lands a direct hit.
He runs and pulls off the end board.
Tom ca nt brake  and walks the plank  causing Tom to fall.
Jerry pulls it out.
A drowning Tom wakes up.
Where he finds himself still alive.
He starts imitating the majestic sea creatures.
He spots Jerry.
The cat grabs him.
Jerry pulls away revealing.
He has become a.
Jerry swims  and is then grabbed again.
Tom s head has done a.
Jerry slaps Tom face  then spins his ears in to the shape of a wrench.
The cat gives chase.
Tom hangs back to swallow the mouse.
Jerry breaks out.
Jerry hides and disguises himself.
Jerry then gets lassoed and captured.
Tom gets tricked and is caught.
Tom escapes and chases Jerry.
Jerry closes the door.
The anchor on Tom.
He emerges.
Jerry steals away  but can not brake to avoid a swordfish.
Jerry swims back the way  and sees Tom.
He came.
Tom misses Jerry and whacks the swordfish s horn.
Tom returns it  but is pursued instead.
Tom hides.
Barrel until Jerry signals the swordfish.
Tom is pursued again.
Tom ducks and narrowly missed being impaled.
The swordfish thrusts its blade.
Tom hammers down the blade.
That the swordfish can not escape.
Free returns to chasing Jerry.
Who has woken up an octopus.
Jerry hides and Tom stands vigil.
He is poked.
Jerry sets out.
Then Tom is poked.
Tom attempts to run  but is held fast by first one  then two  then three tentacles.
Seeing this  Jerry is moved  plainly viewing the octopus as too cruel a fate for Tom.
He seizes Tom first and then.
When his grip slips  the whiskers.
Tom is tugged helplessly.
And forth as the tussle goes first one way.
Tom wakes and finds.
He is back  revealing the whole thing to be a dream.
Jerry rescued Tom.
He fell in and is applying artificial respiration as in the struggle during the final moments of Tom s dream.
Tom thankfully shakes Jerry s hand and happily submits from his lungs.
<EOS>
Biltu -LSB- เฆฌเฆฟเฆฒเงเฆเง -RSB- is a very honest  sincere  and energetic young man.
Who stays.
Biltu loves Doli -LSB- เฆกเฆฒเฆฟ.
Her maternal uncle is the only guardian.
A neighbor comes to her uncle and informs.
Doli and Biltu likes each other.
Doli s uncle then decides to arrange her marriage as soon.
He contacts his business friend and finalises the groom.
Who is one.
Biltu seeks for help from his friends.
One eventually enters the house as a nurse to take care of Doli.
Another friend is appointed.
Meanwhile  Doli s uncle proposes Miss Priyambada.
Biltu weds Doli and lives happily together.
Have some hilarious incidents.
<EOS>
Signs are posted that say no fishing  keep out  private property  no trespassing  and beware of dog.
Spike is shown guarding the fence asleep.
Tom shows up.
He passes.
However  Spike just happens to yawn and recline.
Tom tries to get away.
Spike thinks.
Tom s leg is a bone and grabs a second time.
Spike licks the leg and takes a bite  this being Tom s leg.
It causes the cat to scream.
Spike wakes up and looks around  but does not see anyone.
The bulldog moves around.
Tom sits.
When he turns around again.
Spike still does not see him and goes back to sleep.
Tom then walks.
The hook hooks Spike s collar and drags him along.
He walks.
Tom looks back and sees Spike about to fall off a small cliff of dirt.
Frantic  the cat catches Spike and props him up.
Tom then goes over and starts to fish.
Box are plugs  lures  wigglers  flies  and live bait.
Who was Jerry  sleeping.
Tom wakes up Jerry.
The annoyed mouse takes off his robe.
Tom then ties Jerry and casts.
Jerry is about to hit the water.
When he suddenly stops and dips his toe to test the temperature.
The water is ice cold.
Jerry races back with his blanket  shivering.
A bunch start making noise and Tom lowers Jerry over the water to feed them with.
The fish leap fights them off  kicking and punching.
Having failed  Tom casts again.
A big blue and green fish emerges.
Jerry is cast.
The fish chases Jerry  chomping all in the process.
The fish swats Tom to the water.
Where he spits and throws it at Tom.
Tom then cuts a finger and puts Jerry inside  making him look like a worm.
Tom casts again.
The fish is ready.
He ties a napkin and brings out a fork  knife  and dish ready with lemon and butter.
Jerry  however  is and avoids the fork.
Jerry squeezes the lemon  beginning another chase.
The fish leans.
Tom grabs an oar and swats.
The chase reaches the pier where he stands.
Incensed  Jerry emerges with a lump on his head  and gets back at the cat by grabbing the oar and knocking Tom into the water.
Jerry then ties a flame hook and dangles it over the side of the pier  provoking the fish to bite Tom s tail and Tom screams in pain.
The fish pulls.
He hangs.
Tom wins the.
Unfortunately this leads.
As the dog is waking up.
The fish comes out and swats Spike  then Spike realizes.
He is balancing.
Spike looks around and sees Tom paralyzed.
Tom dives.
Spike looks.
Tom emerges and swats Spike with it.
The dog falls.
Tom then grabs Jerry and his pole and runs.
Until Spike emerges and chases Tom back to the end of the pier.
Tom sidesteps.
Spike and Spike falls  helped by a kick from the cat.
Finally safe  Tom runs over to a rock and sees the fish again.
He casts his line again.
Jerry then swims underwater and.
Who is lying.
Seeing a good chance to frame the cat  Jerry unties the line and ties it to Spike s foot  then tugs on the line to alert the cat of a bite.
Tom yanks the line and gets the dog to fall.
Spike  seeing the problem  grabs.
The continued backward force causes all the boards to stack up and then come loose.
The dog  followed  fall into the water.
Tom does not give up the fight.
Spike is squeezed.
Jerry then hands Tom a club to knock out the fish.
The oblivious cat  believing and not noticing his bait next  wades out into the water and hits Spike in the head multiple times.
He has caught the fish.
Eventually  Tom sees.
Who he is attacking and yelps.
A lump forms.
The cat tries to remove it.
Tom hits the dog one more time.
When it returns a third time.
Removes the lump but angers the dog even further.
Jerry lowers a fishing line to help him escape from the dog s bite.
The chase passes.
He also teaches Tom a lesson.
Spike continues to bite.
<EOS>
Night  1998  at Cornell University  Tom Bailey  Jr.
Slips into bed with his pre-arranged date  Monica.
However it turns out to be the wrong woman  Monica s roommate Hannah.
Tom likes her.
She is so honest and does nt fling herself.
Ten years later  Hannah and Tom are best friends.
Tom is very wealthy.
It is used.
Tom is.
Hannah focuses.
He is very content  suspecting.
Hannah is too.
Hannah tells Tom.
Tom takes Hannah.
She must go for work.
Tom discovers.
She s gone.
Being with another woman week after week is not very fulfilling.
He realizes.
He loves Hannah  and decides to tell her his feelings when she gets back.
Hannah surprisingly announces.
She is engaged.
Hannah asks Tom to be her maid.
Tom decides to be her maid of honor  only to spend time with her and try to convince her.
She should be marrying him.
Tom realizes.
He is running out to stop Hannah.
He meets all and must perform in a variant of the Highland Games.
Which the groom must compete to prove himself worthy.
Tom is also  but loses in the last round.
Tom takes Hannah out  hoping to tell her.
He feels.
However  the other bridesmaids interrupt.
Hannah parades around a pub and sells her kisses for change.
Hannah then kisses Tom.
She goes around.
It turns.
It just started on the cheek.
That night  Hannah decides to confront Tom and ask.
However   her drunk cousin is there  trying to have sex.
When she gets.
Hannah leaves and Tom runs.
He knocks  pleading.
Her to let him.
She refuses and asks.
He tells her he knew.
He was the one.
She refuses to say.
She thinks so too and instead tells Tom that she still expects to marry Colin the next day.
Tom can not go through.
He decides to go home.
Hannah informs Colin.
When questioned shortly before the wedding is to take place.
Tom is just afraid.
Tom realizes and goes back on horseback.
He must stop the wedding.
Tom is sent flying off his horse and.
When the priest asks.
Seeing her best friend  Hannah rushes to him.
He tells her.
He struggles to stand up.
He loves her more and that she should marry him.
They then share a kiss.
Hannah tells Colin.
She is very sorry and that he is the perfect guy  just not the perfect guy.
Colin s grandmother then tells Colin   to ` deck  Tom.
He does.
Hannah and Tom eventually get married.
Melissa catches the bouquet and then links arms.
Which he says Number.
The movie ends on their honeymoon.
Tom turns.
He s got the right.
Hannah replies.
You do.
The two kiss and as Hannah turns off the light  Tom says Oh  Monica and Hannah replies Oh  Bill.
<EOS>
The movie relates the historical events of a January 1923 race riot in Rosewood  Florida.
Which whites attacked blacks and burned the town down.
A mentally unstable white woman  Fanny Taylor  claims to have been beaten.
Historical accounts note.
This was never proven.
The movie shows a white man  not Fanny s husband.
Where they have sex.
He prepares to go back to work.
After he finishes.
She gets upset and hits him inciting him to beat her.
Some black workers outside heard the events but did nothing.
Their account was not believed.
When they told.
Singleton presents it.
If Fanny was covering up her cheating by blaming it on a black man.
The white residents readily believe Fanny s account  demonstrating the power.
The black residents quickly become targeted by the white males of nearby Sumner  Florida and others.
Who arrive.
Mobs formed swiftly.
The movie features the fictional character  played by Ving Rhames.
Mann is a WWI veteran.
Who is traveling around.
He meets and falls.
Mann leaves town.
Fanny tells her story.
He is afraid.
He hears stories to the town to save the woman.
He loves  together.
All fled from Rosewood or were killed.
The whites started generally attacking and killing blacks.
First the women and children fled.
Who survived.
People left their homes and land and all behind to get away from the murderous white men.
Raided their town.
Some white men helped black people escape.
Who lived.
Railroad conductors smuggled people on the rail cars.
Ran nearby.
Voigt as Wright asks.
The train conductors to pick up the women and children.
Other blacks took refuge  including Wright s.
Racism was shown.
They did not bother.
Some white men protected blacks from death.
It was dangerous to do.
The mob believed.
James Carrier held information.
Wright let the Sheriff take Carrier.
The officer said he only wanted to question him.
He was shot immediately.
When Carrier said he did nt have any information.
Wright gets upset.
The mob accuses him.
The scene shows.
Most did nt agree with what was going on  but were too afraid to face the mob.
The movie portrayed towns.
The men of Sumner were following the trail of some men.
But  white men stopped them.
When they get over.
They protected their black citizens  saying.
They are law abiding and peaceful.
Singleton demonstrated.
Not everyone agreed.
The media splintered in its portrayal of events.
Some portrayed.
The murder s as appropriate to stop the black men from arming.
They relied.
Southern white newspapers explained mob s actions.
The Afro-American newspapers encouraged blacks and praised them.
Officially the death toll was eight people total  two whites and six blacks.
Other accounts were of a higher toll.
The movie portrayed the newspapers  men came from neighboring towns and even states to put down the riot.
A narrative states.
Some blacks and one white testified in the a 1990s suit of survivors against the state for its failure to protect the people of Rosewood.
This was followed.
Florida was the first state to pay reparations for a racial riot.
<EOS>
Conspiring with American officials  tricked into leaving  then expelled the entire population of the Chagos islands in the Indian Ocean.
The aim was to give the principal island to the Americans.
Who wanted it.
Indeed  planes have since bombed Afghanistan and Iraq.
The story is told.
Who were dumped.
Who left a ` paper trail.
<EOS>
Therapist Tess Parker meets Paul Tomlinson  an English professor.
She s wacky over.
He s also a guy.
Is too good to be true.
Her patient Carla  comes to tell her about her former lover.
Who wanted to marry her but needed some time.
Though they started going out when he was still married.
He left it a year and never came back  only to tell her.
He was.
Tess tries to comfort her.
She thought Carla was going to jump.
The descriptions Carla gives  but it is.
Tess seem some what familiar.
Just to clarify  his picture too.
Tess eventually confronts Paul.
He says.
He knew her.
The time Tess saw.
Him hug her was to thank her.
He says.
He had no relationship at all except sending her flowers to thank her for all her help with the book  and that he was not sleeping with her.
Tess  believes.
Him and they go together.
Afterwards  they walked around the funfair and had a lovely  little snog.
Unfortunately  Carla was passing and shouted at Tess for using her to steal him away from her.
Tess told Carla.
She was nt.
Carla slapped her and drove away.
Tess tried to run.
Paul said to let her go.
He gave her a hug and said God save them all.
The next day  Tess goes  Carla would nt go to the door.
It was open.
Tess walked in.
Carla was nowhere to be seen  so Tess had a snoop around  she found a picture  a pot from his favourite Japanese restaurant  another book written by him  but more importantly  in a wooden chest  she found some love letters  she opened one  at the top it said ` dear my love.
It said ` with all my love  Paul.
Disturbed  she walked out.
In bed  she has a dream about making perfect love to Paul.
She has a shower and gets out.
When the slightly ajar bathroom door shuts  assuming someone was there.
She then finds Paul s jumper.
She jumps.
When she hears Carla s voice and is horrified when she turns around and finds that Carla is there.
Carla tells her and came round to show her and taunt her.
Paul left it this morning.
Tess shouts.
To get out or that she d call the police.
Carla said.
It was a good idea because Tess was.
Carla told Tess.
She s warning her to stay away because he killed his wife  and that he d kill again.
Carla walked out.
Paul came and said.
He was worried.
She told him  she showed him.
Carla dropped this morning.
Carla s sweater.
He said.
He had no idea how she got it.
He told her maybe.
She stole it because she said it herself that she broke and that she was capable of anything.
Then she showed him the love letter  she asked him  he said yes-to his wife  he had been trying to find them.
He wrote it.
Suddenly Tess asked him  he said.
His wife died.
This was sick.
He said  she was hiking up.
It was an accident.
He guessed  he guessed.
She tripped and fell.
He was nt there because they had just had an argument.
He went back  the rangers said.
It looked like she slipped.
She told him.
Carla said he killed his wife.
He said.
They were nt the perfect couple.
He loved her.
She apologised and said  she let herself get sucked.
She did nt know to explain her behaviour lately.
He forgave her.
She asked.
He was here.
He said.
The school told him.
Tess had left a message saying that it was urgent.
Then they both realised  Carla.
Her front door was already open.
They started looking.
Tess tried the kitchen and found everything broken and thrown around.
The meat had been stabbed.
There was blood.
Paul told Tess to go back and let the police take care of Carla.
He went for a shower.
She fell asleep.
She woke up.
Wandered. 
She found his wedding picture.
The door closed.
She was locked.
She tried to get out.
She could nt.
She realised.
A chair was.
The smoke alarm went off.
More desperate  she struggled with the door and shouted Paul s name.
Paul came and opened the door and pulled her out.
She called.
He tried to put out the fire.
They arrested Carla.
The police told Tess and Paul  it could have been either one.
They were only going to question her because they knew.
The fire was set.
Tess and Paul went  it was snowing there.
Later  again  they went together.
And  Paul put a ring on Tess s finger.
It was a surprise.
It was the same ring as Carla said he had made especially.
This was enough to start believing.
Paul was telling lies  and that it was Carla all along who spoke the truth.
She told him and went upstairs.
She d be right back.
He was looking the other way she quietly came down the stairs and left.
Carla showed up.
She had been questioned and told her she d have to run  because the roads were covered.
Tess asked her.
What she was doing.
Carla replied saving your life.
She said.
It was him who messed up her kitchen and started the fire.
They ran off.
He realised.
She had gone.
Paul changed  and left as well.
Paul found it easy to follow them.
Tess and Carla were running on the route well.
He just followed their footprints.
He eventually caught up.
Carla told him.
Tess knew everything.
He told Tess.
He loved her.
Carla told him.
Tess knew that he killed his wife.
He said.
She was crazy.
She reminded him.
When he brought her up there that weekend and his wife found them  and when he told his wife how much he loved Carla.
She said.
When his wife s back was turned  he snuck up and pushed her.
Tess interfered and said.
That if Carla was lying  how would he explain the ring  that Carla has exactly the same.
He said.
He only gave the same ring.
As far  she was buried.
He knew.
That is.
When they realised.
Tess asked Carla  you killed her.
She said.
She did it.
Paul angrily started walking forward.
Carla was slowly walking back and did nt notice a huge drop  she slipped  and fell.
She was holding on.
He said.
He should let her die.
Tess said no  hold on.
Paul did.
It was too hard  she fell again and held on.
Her last words were saying  do nt you.
You still love me.
Tess cries.
Paul comforts her.
We have to assume  putting their luggage in the car.
The next day  Tess and Paul  are getting ready to leave.
Paul finishes putting the rest.
Tess gets.
Looking.
She opens a draw  finding two tiny boxes thinking they were for her.
Find two identical heart rings.
She had been given as his wife had been given from him.
We see her.
The film ends.
<EOS>
A teenage girl named.
Su-mi is being brought.
She is unresponsive.
The psychiatrist attempts to elicit a response.
A picture is shown in front of her.
She is taken home with her timid sister .
There  they are met .
Both sisters encounter a ghostly woman at night.
Additionally  tensions grow worse.
After bruises are discovered  oblivious to.
Later  she has.
The guest   notices the same ghost woman the sisters have been seeing.
Convulsing. 
Eun-joo also notices the woman the next day and insists.
Strange events have become frequent since Su-mi and Su-yeon returned.
Her pet bird is killed and found.
Thoughtlessly and  she locks Su-yeon in the wardrobe.
Moo-hyeon asks.
Su-yeon is freed.
She is making trouble.
Su-mi insists.
The stepmother harasses Su-yeon  locking her.
Moo-hyeon informs her.
Su-yeon is dead  and that she is not getting better.
Su-mi believes.
Her stepmother has killed Su-yeon and placed the body.
A fight ensues is rendered unconscious.
Moo-hyeon returns home are nowhere to be found.
To find an injured Su-mi  however the stepmother and bag.
A flashback ultimately reveals.
Su-yeon is really dead and that the stepmother has been absent.
Eun-joo was a live-in nurse caring for the girls  sick mother.
The girls sensed.
Eun-joo and Moo-hyeon were attracted.
Su-mi displays her disapproval.
Who takes her anger out on.
Su-yeon then returns.
Su-yeon s mother is shown trying to comfort her.
Eun-joo goes into Su-yeon s room.
Where she hears a noise coming.
The ghostly woman crawls out and takes vengeance.
However  it can be debated.
Whether this scene happened  or whether it is a fantasy imagination scene created in the mind of.
The flashback picks up again.
When Su-yeon   wakes up.
Who has hanged herself.
Terrified and confused  she accidentally pulls the wardrobe down.
Eun-joo hears and goes to investigate but leaves rather than helping.
She changes her mind and goes back.
En route  she passes.
Su-mi and an argument starts.
Eun-joo warns.
She may come to regret this moment.
Su-mi dismisses the warning and angrily marches out of the house.
Su-yeon continues clawing.
She eventually dies.
This flashback sets place.
Before Su-mi goes after her mother and sister both died.
<EOS>
Guitarist Steve Jones plays a detective.
Who - - uncovers the truth about the band.
Drummer Paul Cook and bass guitarist Sid Vicious play smaller roles.
The band s manager  Malcolm McLaren  is featured.
Who manipulates the Sex Pistols.
Fugitive train robber Ronnie Biggs  performer Edward Tudor-Pole and actress Irene Handl also make appearances.
The movie tells a stylised fictional account  from the point of view of their then-manager Malcolm McLaren.
McLaren claims to create the Sex Pistols and manipulate them to the top of the music business  using them as puppets to both further his own agenda  and to claim the financial rewards from the various record labels - EMI  A&M  Virgin  and Warner Bros.
The band were signed to.
Records.
<EOS>
The movie starts off.
He has seen the horror.
He must tell the others.
He informs the rabbi.
He gets.
Together they run.
They hold a town meeting.
They have got enough people together.
Many of the men do not believe the horrors.
They are being told.
Many criticize Schlomo .
He is the town lunatic  and who could possibly believe him.
Amidst the pondering and the arguing  Schlomo suggests  so they can escape.
They build a train.
Some pretend to be Nazis.
Order to ostensibly transport them.
When  they are going to Palestine.
Thus the Train is born.
The movie ends himself.
Who tells the stories after the arrival of the train.
Then  the camera shows him smiling  leaving everyone dubious about the truth of his story.
<EOS>
The title comes from the speakeasy.
Which most revolves.
Two bootleggers  played  quarrel over a dancer while a political assassination plot.
<EOS>
Sachein is a carefree and happy go lucky guy college student.
Who comes and falls in love with her.
She does nt love him.
Arnold aka Ayyasamy has repeated the same class every year.
He claims.
This is because he wants to be grateful.
Also  Arnold and Santhanam love Shalini.
Shaliini does nt take kindly.
Sachein is able to befriend Shalini.
Shalini grows fond.
Santhanam  jealous  writes graffiti on the school wall.
The graffiti read.
Sachein loves Shalini.
Shalini confronts Sachein  and demands an explanation.
Sachein pleas his innocence.
Shalini believes him.
However  Sachein tells Shalini.
Even though he did nt write the graffiti  he really does love Shalini.
Shalini bashes Sachein  telling him does not love him.
He does not know the true meaning  and tells him she.
The next day  Sachein meets Shalini and tells her.
She will fall.
Shalini takes and gives him a total of one month to try and make her fall in love.
Shalini though is a good friend.
Manju runs with skimpy costumes and makes Shalini go green with envy.
Shalini s parents have arranged her wedding  yet Sachein pushes on.
Days pass.
Yet Sachein is not able to presuade Shalini.
Sachein decides to bid goodbye to Shalini and even apologies for running behind her so long.
Shalini develops a soft corner and decides to express her love to him.
His dad who is a multi millionaire comes to meet him.
Shalini does nt express her love.
Then he will think that she loves him only.
Sachein plans  and goes to the airport.
Shalini expresses her love.
When Sachein was about to take the plane home.
They are united.
<EOS>
The story is set.
Rasha is thirty-two  lives and tries.
Failing  to make end s meet.
Ivan  a promising judoist  has since had a history of neurosis  psychotic episodes  hospitalization  being heavily medicated  involvement in various occult groups and practices  prior to having been baptized in the Orthodox Church.
Milla is very attractive  energetic  resourceful and very straightforward  it immediately becomes clear.
She and Rasha are lovers.
Dule is a wannabe yuppie  he works and is doing his best to act the part of a successful businessman.
Who is well aware as he sees them.
The monotony is interrupted by the arrival of Igor.
Who has lived since the beginning of the nineties.
This is the first time.
He s come to visit since.
They all get together  and  turns into an emotional roller coaster of reminiscing  dark humor  bitterness  uncontrollable laughter  anger and grim soul searching.
What begins with a lot of catching up to do.
<EOS>
Serial killer Charles Lee Ray  also known as Chucky and The Lakeshore Strangler  is shot and mortally wounded.
Being chased.
Knowing  Charles takes cover.
He can not escape.
He looms around.
He falls.
He uses a voodoo ritual to transfer his soul.
The store is then struck on fire  sending Mike flying unexpectedly across the store.
Much  including the dolls  survives.
The detective is nt injured  and walks over.
Who lies deceased.
Later that morning  6-year-old Andy Barclay tells his mother Karen Barclay.
He wants a Good Guy doll.
Unable to afford the doll  Karen buys a doll from a street peddler.
That night   Maggie Peterson   scolds him.
Andy is playing - Karen s friend.
Who is babysitting Andy.
She does nt believe him and sends him.
When Andy tries to deny the accusation.
A small like figure is seen toying  ultimately causing her to go into the kitchen.
Maggie is violently struck and falls out of the kitchen window  falling several stories to her death.
Andy   insists.
When questioned.
Chucky has revealed himself to be alive and that he killed Maggie.
Karen is very upset for questioning Andy.
The next day  Andy skips school and takes a subway train to the house of Eddie Caputo  Charles Lee Ray s getaway driver.
Who had left him to die after he was pursued.
Chucky sneaks out the pilot light on the stove and turns up the gas.
Eddie discovers  and   fires his gun in the kitchen and the house explodes  killing him.
Charles is.
Authorities place Andy.
He is found.
Karen discovers Andy was telling the truth.
The included batteries were never put inside the working doll.
Chucky comes alive in her hands  yells explectives at her  bites her  and runs out of the apartment.
She then proceeds to contact Mike Norris.
So the homeless man attempted to rape her.
He initially doubts her story  the homeless man who sold Karen the doll confirms that he retrieved it from the burnt down toy store where Charles Lee Ray was killed  but not without asking for an offering first  in which Karen did nt have much to offer.
She was saved.
The detective becomes a believer.
He is attacked in his car and survives only by shooting the doll.
Chucky meets John Simonsen  his voodoo instructor.
When he was younger  showing off his new body.
Chucky then asks.
His gunshot wound bled  since he should not bleed.
John informs him  trapping him.
His body is slowly transforming and will soon become entirely flesh and blood.
Chucky demands to know.
To avoid such a fate.
John  feeling  refuses to help.
Chucky has abused his voodoo knowledge.
Having anticipated this  Chucky tortures him.
John admits.
Chucky can escape the doll body if he transfers his soul.
Laughing  a perfect disguise stabs the voodoo doll and leaves John to die.
He will get to be six years old again.
Karen and Mike  following leads  find John and receive instructions on   his heart is fully human and vulnerable to fatal injury.
He lies dying.
To kill Chucky.
Chucky is a doll.
Knowing  Andy escapes.
Chucky is chasing him.
Chucky brutally kills Dr Ardmore  leaving the authorities to believe.
Andy killed Dr Ardmore.
Mike and Karen rush back hoping.
Andy is there.
Chucky reaches the apartment and knocks Andy unconscious with a baseball bat  then tries to begin the voodoo ritual to transfer his soul to Andy.
Chucky is thrown into the fireplace by Karen and  despite some coaxing by Chucky  Andy manages to light a match and ignite the fireplace  ultimately burning Chucky alive.
Andy and Karen  thinking  go to help an injured Mike  Karen telling Andy to get the first aid kit.
Chucky is dead.
He discovers.
Andy gets the first aid kit.
Chucky is gone.
Very burnt  but alive  Chucky chases.
Who barricade themselves.
Karen shoots him several times  missing his heart  but scattering his head  an arm  and a leg.
The scattered doll parts attack Mario.
Mike s partner  Jack Mario  arrives.
Karen  remembering John s last words  tells Mike to shoot Chucky.
Mike does so and makes a direct hit  killing Chucky.
Mike and Mario then acknowledge.
No one will believe them.
The film ends  Karen  Mike  and Mario go out to the ambulance.
<EOS>
Shakib khan was always helpful  specially for love.
That s.
He was called.
But he did not love any girl.
Accidentally he met in love.
Initially Mim did not agree.
Because Shakib was a son.
Mim did not like rich people.
But  Mim could not refuse him.
When Shakib could prove his real love.
Mim s brother  Misa Shawdagar become obstacle.
When their love was going on.
Shakib was enemy.
One day Mim s mother was killed in a road accident.
It was just an accident.
Misha showed.
Shakib did it intentionally.
Mim got misunderstand and tried to take revenge.
But one day accidentally Mim realized  Shakib is innocent.
Her brother is the main villain.
Then she contacted by cell phone and called him in their home.
Finally Shakib saved Mim and got married.
<EOS>
Jim Flagg is the marshal.
He hears.
Arch-Rival John McKay is headed so he warns Mayor Wilker and others in Progress that there s sure to be a robbery.
Wilker does nt appreciate Flagg causing a panic and relieves him.
Flagg sets out.
He discovers.
McKay has joined up.
Taken prisoner  Flagg escapes death thanks.
The two old enemies end up.
Taken back  Flagg puts McKay in a boarding house run by Mary  a widow.
Intent  McKay sides with Flagg in defeating their plans.
When the outlaws arrive.
<EOS>
Chow Ka-ho s father runs a big business and May work for him.
One day  Chow is overcome.
He rapes and kills May.
He buries her body secretly and flees back.
Chow s friends  Bud Yan  Bud Gay and the Lai brothers go to Thailand.
They hire Hok.
Bud Yan has a one-night stand  but she becomes his permanent girlfriend later.
One day while playing almost drowns.
He meets the ghost in his subconscious state.
She gives him a gold chain.
May follows Bud Gay back and seeks revenge on Chow.
Chow is afraid and seeks help  the expert ghostbuster Mrs Bud Lung.
Chow lies  but the truth is eventually revealed.
He had killed May unintentionally and feels guilty.
Chow gets his retribution.
<EOS>
Elizabeth Gilbert had everything.
A modern woman is supposed.
Newly divorced.
Gilbert steps out of her comfort zone  risking everything to change her life  embarking on a journey around the world.
Becomes a quest.
She discovers the true pleasure of nourishment by eating in Italy  the power of prayer in India  and  finally and unexpectedly  the inner peace and balance of true love in Bali.
<EOS>
Trembling interviews and follows several gay and lesbian Orthodox Jews  many only seen in silhouette  and also interviews several rabbis and psychologists regarding their views on homosexuality in Orthodox Judaism.
The film repeatedly returns  David is an observant Orthodox Jewish doctor from Los Angeles.
Who has spent a decade trying to reconcile his homosexuality.
He has tried numerous forms  from eating figs and praying to wearing a rubber band on his wrist to flick  but to no avail.
Whenever he thinks.
David decides to visit the Chabad rabbi to.
Whom he first came out.
Israel is a 58-year-old New Yorker.
Who decided he could nt be gay and Orthodox  and turned his back  though not before his family forced him into electroshock therapy to try to cure him.
Now a tour guide follows him  to call his 98-year-old father  a rabbi.
He gives a tour  psychoanalyzes himself and decides.
Whom he has not seen.
Michelle is another New Yorker.
Who believed she was the only Hasidic lesbian and as a consequence allowed herself to be pressured into marriage.
However  she got divorced and was subsequently ostracized.
When they discovered she was homosexual.
The film shows her visiting her old neighborhood and an Orthodox fair.
Rabbi Steven Greenberg  one  a gay rights organization in Israel   discusses parents  reactions to their children coming out  as well as traditional interpretations of the prohibitions on homosexual acts in the Torah.
Provides support.
Who is sometimes called the world s first openly gay Orthodox rabbi.
Shlomo Ashkenazy is a gay psychotherapist.
Who has run a confidential support group for nearly 20 years.
Mark is the English son.
Coming out  he was expelled from seven yeshivas for homosexual activity before becoming a drag queen  and is now dying of AIDS-related illness.
He visits several yeshivas and other religious sites.
He remains upbeat.
Is such a nice present to receive.
Malka and Leah are two observant Orthodox lesbians.
Who have been together.
They speak frankly in the film and discuss their fears.
They may not end up together.
They are shown preparing.
Leah gives advice.
Who is terrified her husband will find out and take away her children.
The film follows her.
She attends her first gay pride parade  where she is offended.
<EOS>
The film is the story.
Whose life is filled.
Her husband is sent on a false count of murder.
Her three year old son gets.
Lost and that increases her problems.
She prays.
The lord appear and miraculous things take place.
<EOS>
It is.
An Albanian student  together with a group of Czech students  is shooting his graduate movie on a motorcycle factory  in the small market-town of Cesky Sternberk  in then Czechoslovakia.
Coming.
Is completely isolated.
He falls with a married woman  the wife of a police superintendent and is insecure about his future.
<EOS>
Jai and Meera are a modern-day couple living.
They are happy  but do not believe in tying each other down so   they have a mutual break-up  but decide to remain friends.
When career beckons.
Meera goes.
Jai stays  hoping to be called to San Francisco  where working at the Golden Gate is his dream job.
Jai begins a blonde named Jo.
Meera returns the feeling.
The couple believe.
They have moved on.
Running side-by-side  but  is the tale of Veer Singh.
A great believer narrates his love story to Jai to try to convince him not to let Meera go to India.
He tells.
He fell for a girl called Harleen  who moved.
He traveled a thousand miles   only to see her face.
He also explains.
Things were different.
The couples then had a lot more respect.
Jai ridicules Veer.
Who vowed to marry Harleen even before he had gotten to talk.
But   the young man concedes to pay Meera a surprise visit.
Meera is stunned.
The two lie to have some fun together.
They go out  and realize.
Much they still like each other s company.
Jai is to leave  Vikram proposes to Meera.
She meets Jai secretly  she should take a decision.
Who tells her.
Angry  Meera tells him to leave her  and also says.
They can no longer have any contact or else she will never be able to really move on.
Parallel  we find.
Harleen has told Veer she was engaged.
He must leave her.
Jai is surprised  and tells.
Her nothing can be done now.
He goes back  and gets his dream job Meera realizes.
Her marriage is a mistake.
She tells Vikram the truth and calls Jai.
He tells her.
She can tell him what is.
Realizing  she tells him nothing but returns  dejected.
He is going.
Parallel  Veer Singh declares his intentions of marrying Harleen but is badly beaten by her family.
Jai slowly begins to lose interest and is beaten badly by some thugs.
When  while being mugged  he refuses to give them a picture.
He then realizes.
He still loves her  and goes back.
He finds Vikram.
Who informs him that Meera left him the day that he  Jai  had told her.
Veer Singh travels to Harleen s house on the day of her wedding  and convinces her mother.
Harleen can only be happy.
Harleen s mother lets.
Veer Singh secretly sneak out.
The two marry to have a happily ever.
Jai goes to Meera s work  at the Old Fort.
They have a heart-touching reunion.
The song Aahun Aahun is played in the theme of Aam Janta and Pratigya.
Which Veer Singh represents Pratigya  while Jai represents Aam Janta.
Each shows his different way.
Both conclude.
Love has never changed.
It shows.
Even though  people these days try to make themselves believe that love is just an infatuation that goes away and that there is no such thing as true love or soulmate  in their hearts they still love each other with that passion.
<EOS>
Charlie is busy showing various thing.
Ends. 
The major thing and this causes the people present to walk away.
Charlie then hitches a ride a pet shop truck.
He arrives.
Who kicks him out.
Porky calls the pet shop owner saying  I ordered a canary.
Porky proceeds to try throwing the dog but fails  including an incident.
Charlie succeeds  he is driven out.
Porky closes the window after Charlie jumps.
Charlie begs in to keep him  he manages to coax Porky into adopting him after promising to do several chores.
He infiltrates.
Porky pretends to have Charlie but  with an evil cackle  wraps Charlie and sends him to Siberia.
He ends up coming back kicking Porky.
Porky s noise awakens the upstairs neighbor.
Who then proceeds to call Charlie and threatens him.
Charlie responds.
Charlie tricks Porky then proceeds to beat him up.
The man then returns.
Who finally submits to make Charlie his pet.
However  Charlie decides otherwise and wants to leave due being uncomfortable to live in   Porky proceeds to approach him with an evil look in his eyes.
He tries to walk out the door.
He forces Charlie to stay.
The screen fades and then the cartoon ends with a scene from earlier with the roles of dog and master from an earlier but reversed  with Charlie trying to leave but being forced back into the chair.
When Porky growls.
<EOS>
Veronica Ronnie Miller remains as rebellious.
She was the day her parents divorced.
Her father moved.
Ronnie now ignores the instrument and has not spoken.
A classical piano child prodigy.
He left.
Ronnie refuses to attend.
Juilliard School has been interested since she was young.
Now  Steve has the chance to reconnect  Kim Miller sends the rebellious teen and her younger brother  Jonah  to spend the summer with him.
When her mother.
Steve  a former Juilliard School professor and concert pianist  lives a quiet life.
Where he grew up  working to replace the one the church lost in a fire.
It was Steve.
Who had set fire.
Ronnie becomes miserable  defiant  and defensive toward all those around her  including handsome  popular Will Blakelee.
Whose introduction involved crashing Ronnie s strawberry shake on her.
She shrugs him off and meets Blaze  an outcast.
Who lives.
Marcus hits this for Ronnie flirting with him.
Angered  Blaze later frames Ronnie for shoplifting  causing her arrest.
Later on  Ronnie discovers a Loggerhead Sea Turtle nest by her house.
She meets Will.
Protecting it.
She discovers.
He is deeper than she believed  and begins to develop feelings.
She also manages to form a better and stronger bond.
Ronnie falls with Will.
Will invites her to his sister s wedding.
Later that day  the turtle eggs hatch and her father collapses.
Ronnie immediately has Steve rushed and learns.
He has stomach cancer that has spread.
She decides to start spending more time.
He is unlikely to survive much longer.
Ronnie and Will get into an argument.
Will confesses that Scott  his best friend  had actually set fire.
She is outraged.
He let everyone believe that her father was the culprit.
There is no time to patch things up.
Fall arrives and Jonah returns.
Ronnie stays behind to take care.
Leading a slow life  she tries to make up.
She s lost.
She continues work.
He s been writing  after he loses the steadiness due to his illness.
He dies.
As she finishes it.
She stands to make a speech but declares.
No words would ever be able to show how wonderful her father really was.
Instead  she decides to share the song.
She helped finish.
Sunlight shines  making her smile  knowing.
She sits down to play.
Her father is.
Later on   she runs.
Talking. 
He says.
He liked the song she played and that he knows her dad did too and Ronnie thanks him.
Having decided to attend Juilliard  Ronnie is packing up to return.
When she sees Will standing outside.
She goes outside to see him.
Will apologizes for everything.
Had happened.
Ronnie forgives him.
Will surprises Ronnie.
He will be transferring in order to be with her.
They share a kiss.
<EOS>
Margo is a woman.
Who marries a fellow New Jersey native Jake.
The two are divorced.
It becomes evident that their marriage will not last.
Margo is remarried  this time  a California surfer.
However  this marriage does not last long either.
They are quickly divorced.
Jake and Rock were previously introduced by Margo and   they form a friendship and live as roommates.
They are both divorced.
The two have very little except for the fact.
They married and divorced the same woman.
They become best friends.
Though they constantly irritate each other.
They decide to write a film.
They meet many more people just like them.
Whose lives were impacted.
<EOS>
Tora-san returns to learn.
His brother-in-law can not go.
Tora-san volunteers to take his place  but gets and returns to the road.
He meets.
A young woman is a popular enka singer.
<EOS>
LAPD Captain Gibbs declares war on master car thief Maindrian Pace.
Meanwhile  Pace is hired to steal 48 cars  and must do so.
The plot is virtually identical  with the addition of the character of Gibbs.
<EOS>
Atafeh is the teenage daughter.
She and her best friend  the orphaned Shireen attend illicit parties and experiment.
Atafeh s brother Mehran is a recovering drug addict.
Who becomes increasingly religious and obsessed  coinciding with the collapse of his once-strong relationship with his sister.
The heads are the Hakimi parents  Firouz and Azar.
Who reminisce and what has become and what will become of their family.
<EOS>
63-year-old librarian Sipho Makhaya is getting ready to receive the body of his brother Themba  recently deceased while in exile in London and a hero of the Anti-Apartheid Movement.
Nothing investigates the contrast between those blacks.
Who remained and risked their lives to lead the fight against apartheid and those who returned victoriously after living in exile.
<EOS>
Happily.
After dissects the viability with the opposite sex.
The film opens.
Vincent appears to win the affection over many other potential courters.
The entire exercise is a ruse  they are actually married.
The rest explores the nature of romance  marriage  happiness  expectations in life.
Love and sex interrelate  and ultimately  why no one can feel fulfilled.
<EOS>
Andy and his wife  Ruthie are busy moving.
The cause was Andy s brother-in-law Claude Beasley.
Who was learning to play the trombone that the landlord kicked all of them out of their old one.
Also living is Ruth s mother Mrs Beasley.
Who strongly despises Andy.
Thinking  Andy discovers.
Claude is away living.
Claude has returned and plans to invent a state-of-the-art termite spray.
Later on  Claude tries out the formula.
Andy was using to reach the ceiling.
The spray  however  causes the plank to melt to the floor.
Andy substitutes the broken plank.
Claude is out.
Claude comes back  looks at the plank  not knowing.
It was replaced.
Thinking  he happily decides to try to sell the formula.
The spray worked.
When hey invite him.
Several things go wrong  Bradshaw impacts.
A couple breakaway chairs.
The second one causes a jar to fall and crawl all over Mr Bradshaw clothes and he bolts to the kitchen.
Angry  Andy tosses the termite spray  causing it to melt the floor.
He discovers.
He used the table for termites  which just collapses.
Enraged  Andy walks but falls through the floor and to the downstairs apartment  spooking and fainting a lady ironing her dress.
Bewildered  Andy looks around.
Her jealous husband   hears the crash and chases Andy out of the apartment.
Claude and Bradshaw accidentally fall down to the same apartment.
Both get beaten by the jealous husband.
Bradshaw angrily informs him to get rid.
When they re-enter Andy s apartment.
Orders Claude and Mrs Beasley out.
Claude tells Andy.
They leave.
He invented a new gasoline and tried it out.
It soon explodes.
Mrs Beasley physically scolds Claude form.
Andy discovers.
The Chicken is still.
But  he falls.
He wearily says his trademark line Oh  my  oh  my  my.
As the short ends.
<EOS>
The film opens during the late Qing Dynasty.
Their father Charlie Soong demonstrates the wealth and prestige by running one of the most successful printing businesses.
The sisters later travel abroad to attend Wesleyan College.
The eldest  Soong Ai-ling  is the first to get married in.
Her husband is Kung Hsiang-hsi  a wealthy banker and the richest man.
Sun Yat-sen is a fugitive.
He lives.
He weds Soong.
Sun becomes the Republic and later founds the Kuomintang.
The Qing Dynasty is overthrown.
Sun dies and leaves his wife with his dying wish of Chinese reunification.
Chiang Kai-shek succeeds Sun.
He marries Soong May-ling  the youngest of the three sisters.
The Chiang couple oppose the Communist Party.
The widowed Soong Ching-ling often quarrels  accusing Chiang Kai-shek and his followers of persecuting the Communists and hindering the Chinese reunification.
She leaves the Kuomintang and openly voices dissent.
The three sisters were hardly reunited again.
The Empire takes advantage of the situation to invade China in the.
The Kuomintang and Communists are fighting.
Chiang Kai-shek is kidnapped by Zhang Xueliang in the Xian Incident.
He is forced to make peace and focus on dealing with the Japanese invaders  leading to the Second Sino-Japanese War.
The Chinese Civil War continues until around late.
The film ends.
A quick glimpse proclaiming the People s Republic of China on October 1  1949 in Beijing.
<EOS>
A story.
Whose life changes when he becomes the owner.
Deepak is a simpleton.
He has been switching jobs.
He does not want to succumb.
He has been helping his father Omkarnathji in a legal matter.
Omkarnathji  the ex-principal  is fighting a court case against the school to get his due provident fund and pension.
He later wins.
The case and the school is ordered to give a part as compensation  if there is no money in its funds.
And thus Deepak s life gets an addition  a bus.
He decides to run the bus.
The rest Vinayak Agrawal  a Lawyer and U.
U.
Upadhyay are.
They feel.
It s a low profile job.
Their primary interest is.
But Deepak has immense trust.
Sundar a jolly good sweetheart   is also an age old friend.
Who is desperately trying.
He comes.
They establish a company  Chal Chala Chal transport.
And so begins the ride.
The bus is.
Much is gone for the repairs.
It s a roller-coaster ride.
Where mishaps are more than the commuters.
The bus driver  Basantilal wears  adding like a cherry on the triple-decker pastry - Sunder s enmity with a rat.
Thick glasses and the conductor Harilal has a sugar factory and an eye for cash.
Has eaten his passport.
Corruption chases Deepak as well U.
U.
Upadhyay is a chief vehicle inspector.
He tried his level best to harass Deepak and extort money  raising troubles.
These workers are messing up Deepak s life and business.
He ca nt raise a finger.
They are.
They only relief should have been the lovely lady.
The bus hits her fracturing her leg.
Now she is also  extorting money from Deepak.
What saves Deepak  is his faith in his principals and his father s love-acting as the strong backbone in bitter sweet times.
<EOS>
Nick Rosenberg and his girlfriend Laura Faulkner arrive at a small hotel in the Everglades  Florida to celebrate the 80th birthday of the famous physician Dr George Rosenberg.
It is a family reunion for Nick and his siblings.
Whom he has not seen.
Initially  it is a pleasant reunion.
However  the Rosenbergs realize.
After the first hotel employee mysteriously disappears.
They are the target.
Nick fights.
Then  an evil lie comes to light.
<EOS>
Akbar has just turned eighteen.
He has been held for committing murder at the age of sixteen.
When he was condemned.
Legally speaking  he had to reach the age.
That the conviction could be carried out.
Now  Akbar is transferred to await the day of his execution.
Ala  a friend.
Who himself has undergone imprisonment.
<EOS>
John Rosow is an alcoholic private investigator.
Suddenly Rosow is given the case.
When he is hired to tail a man named John Fullmer.
Rosow soon discovers.
Fullmer is one  and that the Fullmer has fashioned a new life for himself.
Rosow faces the moral decision.
The film progresses.
To take Fullmer  unwilling  back in New York  or if he will let Fullmer remain in his fabricated life.
<EOS>
The film dwells in.
A Hutsul girl Annychka finds herself and gets acquainted with a wounded soldier in the forest.
Looking  she falls in love with him and turns against her boyfriend in the village.
Who became a Nazi collaborator.
Having told her father she drives her father to despair and eventual insanity.
The story ends.
When the father kills his daughter.
<EOS>
Harriet is an eleven-year-old sixth grader and a young.
Who is best friends.
She lives a privileged life  Katherine Ole Golly.
Who s the only person who knows all the things that Harriet has been snooping on.
Harriet and her friends are enemies.
Harriet lives life very well with being a spy and having fun with Golly.
One night  Golly invites a friend over.
Harriet  Golly and Golly s friend go.
Where things turn.
Mrs Welch fires Golly and then begs her to stay.
Golly tells her.
Harriet is old enough to take care  much to everyone s protests.
She becomes depressed and withdrawn.
She even gets caught.
When investigating the nether regions.
The next day  she plays at the park  and disaster strikes.
Marion Hawthorne finds Harriet s private notebook and begins reading out all on her friends  such as  and mocking Sport s father for barely earning any money.
She suspects Janie will grow up to be a nutcase.
Everyone finds.
They re all cruel and hurtful and even Sport and Janie turn their backs.
The kids create a Spy-Catcher club and torment Harriet.
Harriet gets her notebook taken away by her parents.
Her parents tell Harriet s teacher Mrs Elson to search Harriet everyday.
One day   a Marion Hawthorne accidentally pours blue paint all over Harriet.
She does things to get back individually.
Harriet s parents find out and send her to be evaluated.
What she has done.
Who assures them that Harriet is fine.
Harriet then tries to apologize and soon gets appointed as the editor of the sixth grade paper by her classmates.
She apologizes.
All is well.
Janie and Harriet light off a stinkbomb and dance until the end of the film.
<EOS>
Minutes  Eric Matthews escapes the shackle.
He is trapped.
Six months later  a new game is discovered.
Daniel Rigg.
Who calls Detectives Mark Hoffman and Allison Kerry  who is.
Troy had to rip chains from his flesh to escape from a bomb.
However  the door was welded shut.
Kerry believes.
The trap was inescapable.
It was not Jigsaw who designed it.
Kerry is attacked and awakens.
Reviewing Troy s tape.
The harness tears her ribs out anyway.
She is able to retrieve the key.
Lynn Denlon  a depressed doctor  is abducted and brought.
She is given instructions to keep John alive.
The other victim  Jeff  has completed his game.
A collar is locked.
Connects. 
He dies  or if Lynn moves out.
Jeff awakens and is informed.
She begins working to keep John alive.
He must undergo tests which will lead him.
It is shown.
His son Dylan was hit and killed  which Jeff is unable to cope with.
He is vengeful and neglects his daughter  Corbett  as a result.
Jeff s first test leads him.
Where he finds Danica Scott  who refused to testify.
She is naked and chained.
Spray her body at random intervals.
She freezes.
She eventually convinces Jeff to help her.
He can retrieve the key.
His second test leads him.
Where he finds Judge Halden  who sentenced his son s killer  chained at the neck at the bottom.
The pit is slowly being filled.
Jeff reluctantly saves him.
His third test leads Jeff and Halden.
Who is strapped.
Jeff initially watches.
Timothy suffer  but is eventually convinced to retrieve the key from the shotgun trigger.
He accidentally discharges the shotgun  killing Halden  and is unable to free Timothy before his neck breaks.
John hallucinates and declares his love out loud.
Lynn performs an improvised surgery intended to relieve pressure.
Amanda leaves  distressed  and is revealed to have continued cutting herself.
John became bedridden.
She recalls becoming John s protege and assisting by abducting Adam Stanheight.
Who she gave a mercy killing out shortly after he was left to die.
She also finds a letter.
Amanda returns.
Lynn reveals that her ordeal has renewed her appreciation for her family.
Jeff has completed his tests  though she refuses to release Lynn.
She does not believe.
The tests   reflect this.
She designed.
Amanda also reveals.
She left Eric Matthews after he escaped and fought with her.
Amanda shoots Lynn.
As Jeff arrives.
He retaliates.
John tells Amanda  she was being tested on her will to keep someone alive  unaware.
The game was hers.
Jeff and Lynn were married.
John offers to call an ambulance.
She dies.
Jeff accepts one final test  where he must choose.
He slashes John s throat.
Jeff says he forgives John.
The sickroom seals itself.
John plays a tape recorder  which reveals that Jeff has failed.
The tape ends.
John dies.
The collar simultaneously activates and kills Lynn  leaving a screaming Jeff trapped.
<EOS>
` Bud  Davis moves to Pasadena  Texas  located near the heavily industrial eastern side of Houston  and a better paying job in the city s oil refinery in hopes of saving enough money to move back to his hometown and buy some land.
Bud moves.
Whom Bud is close.
Bob takes Bud.
Was then claimed to be the largest indoor.
Bud quickly embraces the local nightlife there.
Most take place in and around Gilley s.
Bud is approached by Sissy.
Who asks if he is a real cowboy.
The two dance together  showcasing Travolta s dancing abilities.
They fall.
Bud suddenly asks Sissy.
She wants to marry him.
They are married.
Bud and Sissy have many lovers  quarrels  some very intense  mainly due.
Sissy is a fiery independent woman.
Anything men can do women can do  while Bud still believes  and that there are just some things girls ca nt do.
However  their love always brings them back together again.
Their lives settle during the day and living it up at Gilley s during the night.
The movie also highlights the many fights.
Leads. 
Bud seeks solace.
Pam eventually realizes.
Bud still loves Sissy and encourages him to reconcile.
Meanwhile  Wes has been beating Sissy  and then steals the prize money riding competition  resulting in a fight with Bud.
Bud punches Wes and all.
Wes had stolen.
The club s manager  discovering the attempted robbery  detains Wes.
Bud and Sissy finally depart.
Gilley s together.
<EOS>
Reminiscencias deals.
An autobiographic exploration based.
Molero had to use home movies shot  as well as digital footage shot by himself and video clips from his cell phone to determine his own past and find his identity.
<EOS>
Americans have decided to make sure.
Is indeed found  and was sent there a submarine under the command of veteran Black  who accompanied the convoys of the Allies during the 2nd World War.
Caught the local blacksmith Philemon.
A diversion was planted with an alcohol barrel.
Staged festivities.
All the American submariners will gradually have been connected.
The black veteran found his grandson.
Who was born.
Takes place on fire.
Drunk people running away from the barn.
Filimon  risking their lives  enters the burning barn and barrel rolls out.
Barrel is empty.
Barn burns down and falls under the lyrical music.
Philemonwas sentenced for disturbing public order  at home he had confiscated all the weapons.
Village arrives Japanese submarine.
Philemon again catches a barrel.
<EOS>
Five people visit a fairground sideshow run.
Having shown them a handful  he promises them a genuinely scary experience.
They will pay extra.
Their curiosity gets the better.
The small crowd follows him.
Where they each view their fate.
A greedy playboy takes advantage of his dying uncle  and falls under the spell of a man-eating cat.
Over Hollywood  a Hollywood starlet discovers.
Her co-stars are androids.
A possessed grand piano by the name of Euterpe becomes jealous of its owner s new lover and takes revenge.
And.
Who Collected Poe  a Poe collector murders another collector.
<EOS>
Gaurav lives a wealthy lifestyle  gets everything.
He wants.
They love his elder brother Narendra more.
Though he lives.
Narendra is often pronounced by his parents  and goes abroad for his job once a while.
He goes a little girl.
When Hero comes back home.
Who is stuck.
He climbs up and rescues her.
When Hero gets the chance.
He jumps off  it is already on fire.
Causes it to explode.
Blows Hero off as well.
The whole family is devastated.
Gaurav finally feals pity and joins the army to prove.
He was the only one who made a name.
He is worthy to be the Hero s younger brother.
Gaurav explores.
Angara and General are about to plant a bomb  and that would just not mean for his parents and friends to die  but also his loving girlfriend  Sanam.
<EOS>
Insurer Charles Desvallees lives with his wife Helene and their young son.
He works in a leisurely job  often drinking and smoking.
His wife often goes.
He discovers.
She was not when she was meant to be.
He gradually grows more suspicious.
She employs her time and asks a private investigator to follow her.
The embarrassed detective duly reports.
His wife sees a writer called Victor Pegala  a week.
Helene appears with Pegala  exchanging titbits about their respective lives.
The writer is divorced.
His wife is busy hosting a birthday party for their son  Desvallees pays Pegala a visit.
He tells the confused writer jovially and talks pleasantly with him.
He and his wife have an open marriage and sits.
He asks.
His demeanour changes.
He pictures his wife there.
He spots a giant cigarette lighter.
This had been a 3rd anniversary present from him.
He starts to feel unwell and suddenly grabs a stone bust and kills Pegala to the head.
Desvallee calms down and meticulously cleans up and removes all fingerprints.
He then brings his car round  bundles up the body  and drags it in broad daylight but in a quiet neighbourhood to the car.
Where he stuffs it.
En route.
He is.
Desvallee nearly panics and hurries the formalities.
A policeman remarks.
His boot is now jammed.
He dumps the body.
Where it takes an agonisingly long time to sink.
A day or two later  Helene is grumpy and unwell.
Two detectives turn up.
Who has been reported missing.
They have found her name and details.
She is flustered and avoids giving direct answers.
She knew Victor.
She mentions the disappearance to her husband  claiming.
Pegala was only a vague acquaintance.
The detectives return and interrogate both Helene and Charles.
Who denies having even heard before.
Helene finds a photograph with his name and address on the back.
She looks.
If she is going to confront him.
She goes outside and burns it.
Her emotions are difficult to read.
The family is in their garden.
When the two policemen walk up the drive.
Charles tells Helene.
He loves her madly and goes to speak.
The camera then moves back  slowly panning.
They disappear hidden as Charles is presumably taken away from them.
<EOS>
A leading British secret agent/assassin returns home fearing his nerve has gone  and attempts to resign.
He is persuaded.
The job turns out to be much more complex.
He had been led to believe.
<EOS>
The film is set  but was actually filmed in and around Wallace  Idaho.
The film is somewhat based.
Helens in.
The film is noted to have put emphasis.
The film begins.
Where volcanologist Dr Harry Dalton attempts to evacuate.
Large pieces begin to crash onto the small town.
They begin heading out.
Of which penetrates the vehicle and kills Marianne.
Four years later  Harry is called in by his boss to investigate activity going on in the Northern Cascades region near the town of Dante s Peak.
Meanwhile  a couple went to the hot spring.
A few minutes later  a small amount had turned the hot spring sulfric  thus slowly chewing away and boiling the couple.
The town is receiving an award for being The second most desirable place and celebrating its annual Pioneer Days Festival.
To live under.
Harry meets.
Who accompanies him  up to the mountain s high lake to check the acidity in the water.
Ruth  the five of them head to the town s hot springs.
Where they discover the bodies.
Graham attempts to make a dive into the springs  but in the nick of time Harry catches him.
The they were hidden.
Lauren screams  thus revealing the bodies.
Dalton calls a town meeting to discuss the option of putting the town on alert.
Dr Paul Dreyfus shows up to evaluate the mountain and goes.
This occurs  Dalton s boss.
When he put the towns without the mountain blowing.
Dalton remains in the town to help Dreyfus and his USGS crew Greg  Terry  Nancy  and Stan evaluate the possible eruption of the mountain.
Initially  tests show no sign.
The mountain will erupt  and after a week the crew begins to think.
Dalton forms a bond with the mayor and her children  turning romantic.
The plot progresses.
Dalton and Dreyfus then decide to put the town and call for an evacuation.
The town s water supply becomes sulfuric due breaching the town s springs.
Mayor Wando attempts to get her ex-mother-in-law to come down but she refuses  preferring instead to stay and breakfast she.
Her husband built higher up.
The mountain begins to erupt  causing a stampede and a rush for the town s citizens to evacuate.
Earthquakes cause the town and town s main highway.
Citizens rush to escape.
Meanwhile  the mayor s children steal her car and drive it up the mountain in hopes of getting her to come down with them.
They discover them to have left to bring down their grandmother.
When Dalton and Wando try to reach the children.
The USGS crew prepares to depart the town.
The eruption continues.
Both Dalton and Wando head up the mountain  only to find the grandmother still refusing to leave her home.
Meanwhile  the grandmother s dog has run out.
The mountain has expelled large amounts of ash.
Most residents have been killed or have escaped.
The National Guard shows up to aid.
News crews begin to set up camp to cover the mountain s eruption.
Dalton and Wando reach the bed and breakfast but do nt initially find the children or their grandmother  after a few minutes of frantic searching they find them outside nearby  looking for the dog.
All make their way.
Where Ruth tells them to leave her alone and go back.
A lava flow engulfs all three cars and parts.
They argue for her to come.
The five flee to the nearby lake and take a metal boat across the river  leaving the dog.
Was not found  behind.
They realize.
They trek across.
The lake has been turned and is eating through the metal boat.
To keep the kids  Harry begins to sing  hoping.
The boat will make it across.
The propeller blades were eaten.
They fails.
The boat begins to sink.
It reaches the shore.
Ruth jumps off to pull it along.
It sinks.
Doing so causes her to suffer injuries.
She wades.
Dragging the boat along to try and save the rest.
The five of them continue down the mountain with Dalton carrying Ruth on his back.
Back  the USGS crew  the last ones left in the town  are evacuated by the military.
A lahar causes the small bridge to begin to break apart.
They reach it.
Both military vehicles  carrying the majority  make it across  but the one USGS vehicle  driven by Dreyfus  does not make it.
Dreyfus is tragically killed.
The bridge is washed away.
Ruth asks to be put down.
She dies.
Her body is left there continue down the mountain.
They hotwire a truck and use it to continue down the mountain.
They encounter a lava flow  the lava has mostly cooled.
Doing so.
Has blocked the route.
Parts are still visibly simmering.
They encounter and rescue the grandmother s dog.
They manage to cross.
Who evidently circled the lake but became trapped on a rock surrounded by the lava flow.
Continuing down  they discover the washed-out bridge.
Realizing  Dalton heads back and picks up a tracking device from NASA.
They have no other means.
Had been showcased that computers are signaling that the mountain is about to blow completely.
Heading back he begins to head towards the town s mines as the mountain blows up.
A giant pyroclastic cloud engulfs the town.
The truck makes it safely  the town is destroyed  to the USGS crew s dismay.
They believe Harry has been killed.
Graham leads the way.
Most serve as a hideout for him and his friends  and shows the survivors all of his supplies.
Remembering  Harry leaves to activate it.
He left the GTD.
Harry reaches the truck  but there is a.
Harry is injured and trapped.
The situation keeps getting worse.
He has to reach the tracking device.
Eventually he reaches it and activates it.
The device flashes.
The four are rescued.
Harry meets the rest of his crew.
Who tell him that Dreyfus did nt make it and that he got to see the show.
Wando and her children are escorted out.
Graham asks Harry.
Harry confirms it  Sure did.
He and Rachel clasp hands and kiss and Harry tells the helicopter pilot.
They are ready to go.
The camera turns.
The helicopter flies.
The tense theme music suggests.
It may erupt again.
<EOS>
Vijay is the illegitimate son Shanti.
Whom he gives up to marry a wealthy heiress.
Shanti comes to wish him success on his marriage  with the news.
She is carrying his child and moving away.
She gives birth Vijay and raises him into adulthood.
Vijay comes to take revenge by destroying his father s business and family connections.
She dies.
Shashi Kapoor and Poonam Dhillon play his.
Who are caught.
Vijay also crosses paths Hema Malini.
<EOS>
George Mallory was torn between love for his wife Ruth.
His obsession left to man  becoming the first person to reach the summit of the untouched Mount Everest.
Dressed and wearing hobnailed boots  Mallory risked everything in pursuit of his dream  but was last seen alive 800 feet below the summit.
Then the clouds rolled in.
He disappeared.
His death stunned the world.
Modern climber Conrad Anker s life became intertwined with Mallory s story.
Remarkably  Mallory s frozen body was found intact.
The only thing missing was a photograph.
Mallory had promised to place.
Haunted  Conrad returns to Everest with British climbing prodigy Leo Houlding to discover the truth about this compelling and gilded man from a bygone era and to unravel the mysteries surrounding his disappearance.
Conrad Anker and his climbing partner take on the Second Step  to evaluate.
Indeed Mallory was capable.
<EOS>
Set  the story focuses on Carmen Jones  a vixen.
Who works.
When she is arrested.
Brown assigns young soldier Joe to deliver her  much to the dismay of Joe s fiancee Cindy Lou.
Who had agreed to marry him.
Carmen suggests she and Joe stop.
En route.
His refusal intensifies her determination to seduce him.
She suggests they spend the night and continue their journey by train the following day.
When their army jeep ends up.
That night Joe succumbs.
The next morning is unable to deal and is running away.
He awakens to find a note in which she says although she loves him she.
Joe is locked for allowing his prisoner to escape.
Cindy Lou arrives.
As a rose is delivered to him  prompting her to leave abruptly.
Having found work  Carmen awaits his release.
One night champion prizefighter Husky Miller enters and introduces himself to Carmen.
Who expresses no interest.
Husky orders his manager Rum Daniels to offer her jewelry  furs  and an expensive hotel suite.
She and her friends Frankie and Myrt accompany him.
She declines the offer.
Just then  Joe arrives and announces.
He must report.
Angered  Carmen decides to leave.
Brown   and Joe severely beats him.
Who also has appeared.
Realizing  Joe flees with Carmen.
He will be sentenced for hitting his superior.
Carmen secretly visits Husky s gym to ask Frankie.
Joe remains hidden.
She insists.
She has no money.
Carmen returns.
She paid.
The two argue.
She goes to play cards with her friends.
She interprets it and descends into a quagmire of drink and debauchery.
When she draws the nine.
Cindy Lou arrives.
Before Joe appears.
Ignoring his former sweetheart  he orders Carmen to leave and threatens Husky with a knife.
When he tries to intervene.
Carmen helps Joe escape the military police.
Joe finds Carmen in the crowd and pulls her into a storage room.
Where he begs her to return.
Joe strangles Carmen.
When she rebuffs him.
Before the police arrive to apprehend him.
<EOS>
The film begins.
He then decides to travel the United States  endeavoring to understand the mindset of someone.
Who would voluntarily choose to become a professional wrestler.
Blaustein interviews a wide variety and ascertains their motivations.
Blaustein focuses.
He begins  a 53-year-old man in need of knee surgery is taking on his body.
Who appears unable to retire.
Blaustein follows him.
He competes.
Funk s sometime in-ring rival  Foley is profiled next.
He has been taking increasingly risky.
Falls  and at one point is heard talking incoherently.
Clips are spliced with the clips of him risking his body for the sport.
Later   his wife and young children watch in horror from the front of the audience during Foley s I Quit match at the 1999 Royal Rumble.
Wherein he takes multiple unprotected shots by Dwayne The Rock Johnson with a steel folding chair.
He is now wrestling.
He was once one  performing in front of tens of thousands of fans.
Roberts is shown smoking crack cocaine in a hotel room and attempting to reconcile with his daughter  as well as musing aloud about his increasingly illicit sexual dalliances while traveling.
Darren Drozdov is a former NFL football player.
Who is shown.
Drozdov becomes a WWF wrestler.
It is revealed.
Droz was paralyzed from a botched maneuver several months later.
<EOS>
The story  set  concerns the tempestuous love between an Irish nobleman and the fiery Spanish gypsy.
He loves.
<EOS>
The US submarine rescue ship s crew has taken a Buddha statue.
It would threaten Japanese/American relations.
The theft is discovered.
The protagonist is the ship s petty officer.
Who tries to stay out  return back the statue and woo a Japanese-American nurse.
<EOS>
The wives are kidnapped and held for a $ 3 million ransom.
One needs medication.
She will soon die.
One refuses to pay his share of the ransom.
There is also an unseen mastermind.
<EOS>
Willy Grogan is a small-time boxing promoter.
He owns the Grogan s Gaelic Gardens inn.
He is a contemptible man and is and pays little attention to the woman  Dolly  a chain-smoking  love-starved woman residing at the camp.
Who loves him.
Into their midst comes Walter Gulick  a young man recently discharged.
Who loves the peaceful setting almost as much as he loves working.
Walter s simple goal is to go as a mechanic at a nearby garage.
One day  Walter   accepts an offer of five dollars to be a sparring partner and decks one of Willy s top fighters.
Willy is persuaded to let this Galahad take a shot.
Both men are reluctant.
Each has a need.
Walter begins working out.
The attractive Rose  younger sister  shows up unexpectedly.
She and Walter immediately hit it off.
The obsessively protective Willy does nt want his kid sister falling.
Dolly is envious and resents Willy s interference.
Walter is readied for his biggest fight.
Gangsters want him to take a dive.
That Willy can pay off his debts.
Galahad throws his muscle and emerges victorious.
He wins the big fight as well as Willy s approval  retiring undefeated to his vintage car and his new love.
<EOS>
Freddy the Freshman  the freshest kid and a canine big man on campus  crashes a college pep rally  and then proceeds to become the star of the big campus football game.
<EOS>
He works  but has recently been suspended for using excessive force on a kidnapping suspect.
Years after Jim Halsey s horror filled trip at the mercy of a crazed murderer.
It is revealed.
His girlfriend  Maggie  has her own crop dusting business.
Jim makes a call.
Who asks Jim to come down to talk to him face to face about his mental scars that resulted from the incidents that occurred in The Hitcher.
Maggie   pleads to let her tag along.
Who is unaware.
Arriving  the couple pick up a car.
Esteridge has left  and set off to his house.
Jim notices a sign.
Leads. 
The two see an RV.
Has been run off the road.
Maggie wants to stop and help.
Jim speeds up  irritating her and making her more curious.
Soon  a motorcycle speeds and wrecks.
Maggie lets the driver  against Jim s understandable protests.
The hitcher reveals his name to be Jim.
He remarks A farm girl.
Maggie tells him her occupation.
The Hitcher does nt appear fazed.
Jim suddenly envisions himself and Maggie being killed  and pulls a gun on him and evicts him from the car.
Jim informs Maggie.
They speed away.
The Hitcher lights a cigarette and says.
An 18 wheeler stops.
The Hitcher presumably steals it.
Jim and Maggie continue  but are pulled over by a cop.
The policemen sees a gun holster on Jim and begins to arrest him for it.
Carrying a firearm is not illegal.
The same 18 wheeler  however  pulls up.
The driver steps out  and appears to be the same driver as earlier.
The cop says something.
The driver replies.
The man slides his ` hair.
We can see it to be the Hitcher.
Who scalped the driver and wore his hair.
Jim and Maggie get.
The Hitcher tries to grab Maggie and is dragged before being forced out.
The couple then arrive late at night.
They find Mrs Esteridge dead  and then go to investigate the barn  finding the captain dead in there.
Cops suddenly swarm the residence.
What appears to be the newest sheriff.
Jim and Maggie discover the Hitcher  but ca nt do much about it.
The Hitcher has a shotgun.
They do nt.
The Hitcher fires a few shots but hits Jim.
When he pushes her out.
The Hitcher picks  causing a hail of bullets to be fired on Jim and Maggie.
Maggie drags Jim.
She drives off  evading the cops and the Hitcher.
Jim tells her to kill the Hitcher ASAP  no matter.
What he says  and dies.
Maggie falls asleep.
She is knocked unconscious  presumably.
When she wakes up.
She then wakes up.
He tells her to look out  the tower is nt very sturdy  and leaves.
Maggie escapes.
The tower collapses  and takes the 18-wheeler truck that the Hitcher stole earlier.
She goes in  finding a clerk.
A water pump out back to clean up.
She picks up a souvenir tomahawk  sees another dead clerk  and the Hitcher.
He acts uniformly normal  taunting her.
She asks him.
He s doing this.
He responds  Sometimes you just get bored.
Taking the tomahawk he then cuts off his finger with the intention of blaming Maggie.
When the cops arrive.
The cops arrive.
The Hitcher fires with a shotgun.
He is grabbed.
Is Maggie as she pursues him.
He concocts a fake story.
Where she killed the clerks and cops and cut off his finger.
He calls himself ` Jack   rather than Jim.
Convinces Maggie he is the same man.
Maggie is being transported.
The sheriff begins to have doubts.
The van is struck and knocked by an excavator.
Maggie is being transported.
The Hitcher jumps out.
Jack then takes a gun and kills the deputy in the driver seat before going to the back and shooting and killing the two remaining cops in the van and freeing Maggie from the van by taking the cuff key from one of the deputies.
He tosses the key and the revolver to make it appear.
She killed all the policemen.
The sheriff tries talking Maggie down thinking.
She killed the cops.
He is  however  shot.
Who then gets.
Maggie takes several bad shots.
He gets away.
Realizing now  Maggie finally becomes aware.
There is no way to prove her innocence.
The only way to end all this is to kill Jack before the police find and kill her.
Jack later pulls up  kills the driver and takes the tanker truck.
Maggie steals a mail carrier plane  and goes after Jack.
They exchange gunfire  air.
Maggie kamikazes the plane.
She escapes the fireball.
Does the truck  which grinds.
She approaches it and finds an unconscious Jack.
She ties him up.
Jack wakes up and pleads not to kill him.
He claims not to be the same person.
Maggie cares little  and places a bag on the clutch  ripping it open with a knife  slowly causing the truck to roll forward.
However  the police show up again.
Still thinking  they free Jack and shoot Maggie.
Maggie is responsible.
She attempts to enter the truck s cab.
Predictably  as soon  Jack grabs a gun and  in seconds  shoots and kills both cops.
He is free.
Maggie picks up a shotgun  aiming while limping away from Jack standing beside the truck.
Jack taunts Maggie one last time  Are you still scared.
I just do nt want to get burned.
Maggie aims the shotgun.
Is leaking flammable fluid caused.
She fires a shotgun blast  igniting the fluid.
The truck explodes  incinerating Jack and blowing him.
The film then ends.
Jack is finally dead.
It is implied.
Maggie still is.
<EOS>
A television reporter named.
Angela Vidal and her cameraman Scott Percival are assigned to follow firefighters Jake and Fletcher.
The crew responds from an apartment building.
The apartment manager screams.
Yuri says that he and other residents heard.
Who has locked herself.
Jake  Fletcher  Yuri  police officers Danny and James  and the camera crew go.
Where they find Mrs Espinoza.
She is bleeding severely and foaming.
Moments later  they are attacked.
Who bites James.
They take.
Him downstairs  while Fletcher stays with a now sedated Mrs Espinoza upstairs.
However   they find.
When they get downstairs.
The apartment doors have been locked  leaving everyone  including several residents  trapped inside.
Upstairs  Fletcher is attacked and thrown from the railing to the ground  leaving him in serious condition.
Lawrence  a veterinarian  starts tending as best as possible.
Angela and Scott return.
Where they witness the cleaning woman die.
Jake and Danny show up and find Espinoza.
She charges.
Danny shoots and kills her.
Jake  Scott  and Angela head room to bring down anymore guests  they bring down Randy  Jwahir and Nadif  and Elise  a woman.
Who has many similar symptoms.
The residents begin to panic.
The CDC quarantines the building.
Meanwhile  Angela interviews the tenants.
A little girl named and says.
Briana is sick.
Her dog Max is because he s sick as well.
Lawrence explains more about the conditions of Fletcher  Elise  and James.
They all have symptoms similar  however  presenting themselves at an alarming rate.
Angela and Scott follow residents Bernard and Sadie back to check the TV news.
They witness Randy being killed by a dog.
Who corners him.
Then the power goes out.
They watch the televised report where the Chief of Police states to a news reporter that everyone has been evacuated from the building.
Elise appears  turns violent and starts attacking the others.
Scott bashes her head with his camera  killing her.
Jwahir has a paralytic father living and Nadif in their apartment  and a man from Boston.
Going over the status  Danny learns that Randy and the cleaning lady are dead.
Rented the attic apartment has nt been seen.
Two CDC Agents wearing hazmat suits arrive and attempt to treat Fletcher and the policeman.
Suddenly  Fletcher attacks and bites one.
Lawrence is trapped and is bitten.
Evacuating. 
The surviving health inspector reveals.
The previous day  a dog was taken.
The dog became violent and killed or infected the other pets  causing them to be euthanized.
The CDC traced the dog back.
The CDC Agent tells the residents.
This unknown but highly virulent disease turns people.
Angela discovers.
The infected dog was Briana s dog  Max.
The remaining survivors become skeptical.
Briana s illness is actually bronchitis.
Suddenly  Briana becomes savage as well and bites her mother Kathy.
Kathy is handcuffed.
Angela  Scott  Jake and Danny find Briana.
Briana bites him.
When Danny attempts to sedate the girl.
Jake kills her.
When Mrs Espinoza attacks.
They rush downstairs only to find everyone else running upstairs.
They find the infected have broken.
Jake tries to close the shutter.
Angela tries to free Kathy.
Jake drags Angela upstairs leaving Kathy to die.
When they ca nt find the key.
Jwahir and Nadif are both separated and bitten.
Everyone runs upstairs.
Angela  Jake  Scott  Sadie  Bernard  Yuri  his wife Wanda  and CDC Agent lock themselves.
The CDC Agent locks himself.
When he realizes he has been bitten.
They also realize.
Sadie has been bitten when they notice she is eating her own fingers and soon up blood on herself.
Bernard pleads not to kill Sadie.
Attempts to break through the apartment window to call for help  but he is killed by a sniper positioned in a building across the street from the apartment.
Yuri remembers another way out.
Where there is a large drain that is connected.
The keys are.
Suddenly  the health inspector and Sadie succumb and bite Yuri and Wanda.
They must fight off the infected work toward Yuri s apartment.
They try to escape.
Jake uses the sledgehammer.
The group reaches Yuri s apartment and find his key ring.
Jake and Scott break Sadie s neck.
Jake is bitten  leaving Angela and Scott as the only survivors.
They are forced upstairs to the attic apartment by Danny and the remaining infected.
They search the apartment and discover.
Its former tenant was a member.
He broke and stole a virus.
A door opens.
Angela and Scott continue.
Scott uses the light.
An infected boy swats  breaking the light.
Scott turns.
Scott and Angela hear loud banging noises.
He sees a ghoulishly emaciated man searching the kitchen area unaware and Scott s presence.
When Scott looks around.
Scott tries to escape but trips and is viciously attacked  dropping the camera.
Angela retrieves it and sees the man eating Scott.
Unable to control herself  she cries out and is subsequently attacked  dropping the camera.
Strangely unharmed   she crawls slowly  in a vain attempt to escape.
The attack deflected off the camera.
Suddenly  she is dragged backwards into the dark  screaming.
The camera continues recording.
<EOS>
The photographer Grace is devastated.
She was forced to take a picture in Iraq.
Back she withdraws the picture.
It had already been nominated.
Her husband Max is an oculist and leaves to work in Peru.
A local mine spills mercury.
Causes many people to succumb to illness.
Max and his fellow physicians suspect toxins to be the reason.
They decide to collect more data.
Meanwhile Saturnina  a young woman loses her fiance to the contamination.
Saturnina s mother angrily rejects the doctors  request to examine the body.
The villagers turn their rage to death.
Saturnina leads an unsuccessful demonstration.
Saturnina commits suicide by drinking quicksilver and films her death on the camera Max had dropped.
When he was killed.
Grace sets out.
Saturnina s mother welcomes her and offers hospitality.
Grace watches the video.
She partakes in Saturnina s funeral and finally ends her mourning over her husband.
<EOS>
Who grew up.
Roxy was caught up in the lethal potassium drug craze.
Swept the nation.
Roxy never fully recovered and disappeared in 1994 without a trace.
John Tavish goes in search of his hero and finally solve the mystery of.
What happened.
<EOS>
Joe is an instant hit in the Hollywood nightclub The Golden Safari  but the novelty wears off.
He is tired and homesick.
An ill-conceived skit leaves Joe  three drunks sneak backstage and ply Joe with liquor.
Storming off-stage  and  to make matters worse.
Intoxicated  he breaks out.
A court orders him shot.
Jill  Gregg  and OHara cook up a plan to get Joe out  but on the way to a ship  they stop to rescue children from a burning orphanage.
Joe redeems himself.
The film ends.
The audience know that Joe is going to be all right.
<EOS>
Bengal  Bengalis and the environment surrounding it gets engulfed sometimes around end September to mid October.
The life and soul gets engaged in it in some form or other through participation in organizing the festival  through business activities and even through social and cultural activities.
The activities and the intensity differ.
There are people.
Who put in all their efforts and resources to lay down their merchandise.
These include the street dwellers  the garment sellers  the designers and boutique.
The husband-wife  the young lovers  the youth  the old  almost every one appears  to experience the feeling  to be a part of the biggest carnival of Durgautsav.
Goddess Durga brings hope and prosperity.
Goddess Durga demands commitment.
A stroll down Kumartuli  the primary place is all.
You need to experience the focus and determination.
Making involves delicate hands  to pile on the processed mud in different layers and create the structure.
Final painting happens to bring out the finished product as a work of art.
Jyanto Durga is the live experience.
Whose participation involves their mind  body and soul.
These performing artists live.
They are dependent to make their two ends meet.
Jyanto Durga unveils - their journey - unscripted & untutored.
It shows.
The making unfolds in its idol form as well as in form of Jyanto Durga.
It depicts.
The activities performed live idols.
Jyanto Durga is an experience through this diminishing form of performing art.
It is a tribute.
Who have brought joy.
<EOS>
The story follows media  politics  crime and sex.
Samar Grover is a struggling news reporter.
His personal life has turned upside down due with his wife.
Though his talk show is.
Seeing no way out  he accepts.
An assignment offered can make him millions.
However  along  one of India s most richest man  Roger Khanna  together play a game on Samar.
Plunges him.
Money  power and the enviable life of media  lays a truth.
Is at once unbelievable and shocking.
<EOS>
A girl named.
Alice is stuck while solving a difficult crossword puzzle when her cat Julius tells her they should go.
They swim then dry off.
Alice continues her puzzle.
Pete demands.
As she begins.
She gives him her puzzle.
Alice refuses and smacks him.
She then runs and locks the door.
Pete breaks down the door and chases Alice.
Alice screams.
Julius hears her.
He climbs.
A fight breaks out.
Julius wins the fight.
Alice then discovers the last phrase.
<EOS>
Artist/writer/director / producer Siegfried follows a street hustler/artist Sansa.
Who makes his way.
Sansa is charming and careless  living the bohemian life.
His encounters are numerous.
He gets attached.
Sansa s peregrinations start  then follow with a succession of international cliches.
We learn  we even to get to enjoy a Vespa chase.
Women have dark hair and are beautiful while men are machos.
Russia is the land.
Where everybody gets drunk.
Africa is corrupted  India is.
Egypt has pyramids.
Meanwhile our hero Sansa   is unstoppable  seducing women  like a backpacking James Bond  jumping from one train to another  escaping trouble  running into friends everywhere he goes  and walking  his hands in his pockets  through the great icy lands of Russia and the Moroccan desert.
Who is the victim anywhere he goes.
Despite following him for thousands of miles around the world  Sansa did nt go anywhere.
Fred Thom.
Sansa  movie review.
France  Spain  Italie  Hungary  Russia  India  Japan  Egypt  Portugal  Ghana  Burkina Faso  Passing  No controls  Sansa is free.
He loves women.
Has love affairs.
He s walking observing the world.
A symphony  unforgettable meetings  There is Click  the conductor  There is Sansa and Click.
They re having fun  They let themselves be guided -- Siegfried.
<EOS>
Thomas Jane plays Neal Cassady  a beatnik.
Who is partly responsible.
Neal is a unique soul  poetic and a dreamer.
But he is caught.
Told  in a form of a letter  it follows his life before and after the suicide attempt by his longtime love  Joan and.
It altered him.
Demonstrating Neal s active mind and ever changing thoughts  the film jumps back and forth.
The viewer experiences his odd attention span and his schizophrenic like ability to talk to himself.
Neal starts to write his letter.
The story begins the day  with Neal sitting in the hall outside Joan s hospital room  his normally happy  excited personality replaced by sadness.
He enters her room.
Onto her hospital bed  being close and making her feel better.
It is an intimate but awkward moment.
It then jumps before the suicide attempt.
Where a rain soaked Neal whisks Joan away.
They have an intimate night together.
She sits on the bed  sad.
Neal keeps professing his love.
It again returns.
Neal is told.
He has to leave.
Working the night shift.
Neal tells Jerry about trying to get on the day shift  but could nt.
It was.
He asks Jerry.
He does nt go.
He s been around.
Jerry responds.
A man s got his reasons.
Remember and respect that.
He tells him the dream.
He had.
Where he was wearing a suit and having children.
Neal goes to meet a friend  Harry.
Neal asks to meet the girls.
Instantly they are smitten.
Playing a game  Harry asks.
Joan and Neal says she s hanging.
Neal sleeps.
Joan lays awake.
She went.
Neal slept.
Afterward  Neal discovers her  screaming out at seeing her lifeless body.
It cuts back  Neal sitting on the floor.
He tells the nurse.
He just ca nt go.
Neal stands up and walks down the hall and leaves  never  but always in his thoughts.
The story moves ahead   waking him to tell him about the fabulous story of.
He got a loaf for saving a lady s cat.
He then asks Neal.
He has been back.
It cuts ahead  drinking coffee and eating bread with Ben.
Neal  speaking a mile a minute  tells Ben about the story.
He has come up  to write about.
Next it moves.
They return.
Where Harry suggests the two take the girls out on a road trip in a stolen car.
Neal tells.
He must have stolen over 500 cars.
They all drive out  flying down the roads.
Neal and one girl go out.
Back  Jerry finds Neal obviously high.
He saves Neal.
That winter  Neal is during their break.
He asks again.
Jerry is working the tire plant.
Jerry tells him.
He started until his wife died in an accident.
Jerry tells him he ca nt sleep.
He works nights because it s quiet.
He shows Neal a picture.
Who he has nt seen.
Neal is moved.
Playing football  Neal barely pays attention  constantly telling him about Jerry s life with much enthusiasm.
Neal is out at a bar with Harry.
Where Neal meets a beautiful woman  Lizzy while getting drinks.
She convinces Neal to come home.
Neal stops his story having to back up to tell.
They are leaving.
Will lead up.
When a young girl  Mary Jane Greenway  Cherry Mary.
Neal and her quickly begin an intimate relationship  a very intimate relationship.
Mary s mother is unmistakably unhappy.
Mary is grounded  but that does nt stop them.
Her mother has asked a priest to come  expecting him to speak to the two about.
What she considers to be a sinful relationship.
He is shocked to see Neal proclaiming.
When Father Fletcher arrives.
He has finally found him.
It becomes a blow.
When it turns out that Father Fletcher is Neal s godfather.
He has not seen him in more than six years.
Neal smiles  triumphant.
The father leaves.
She hated him more than ever.
Back  Lizzy and Neal return to Lizzy s house.
Where her husband Lewis invites him.
Confused  Neal is shocked to see Joan coming down the stairs.
Everything comes rushing back.
He sees his love alive and well.
The two women cook dinner  talking about Neal.
Joan defends Neal s choice to leave the hospital.
It was too much to watch her die.
Neal and Joan talk  obviously nervous but excited to be together.
The four planned.
What Neal and Joan would do together now.
Lewis offers Neal a job interview and offers to allow him to live.
Neal and Joan pine for each other.
Dancing closely  lovingly  the two finally kiss.
Laying  Neal amazed.
Joan has returned.
They hold each other.
Neal jumps up frantically spouting  Joan calms him.
They kiss.
Neal jumps up again  to get the suit.
Joan wants to come.
He wo nt let her.
He runs into a drunk Harry.
Harry convinces Neal to come in.
Neal ends up drunk.
Harry convinces him to talk to get her to come out.
Neal is arrested.
When Mary s mother calls police.
He is allowed to make a phone call.
He does nt know the phone number.
The charges are dropped.
The police hold him.
Finally   Neal is released.
He has trouble remembering.
Where Lewis and Lizzy s house is.
He finds the house dark and empty.
He finally finds it.
He waits but eventually it is obvious.
They are nt coming back.
He lost his chance with Joan.
He walks back  hops into a car and drives off with it.
Finishing his letter  Neal places it.
Walking away  he throws the pages into the air  paper flying and landing everywhere.
<EOS>
A young girl named.
Alice grows bored.
Alice tells her cat Dinah.
When her sister chastises Alice s daydreaming.
She would prefer to live.
Alice and Dinah spot a waistcoat-wearing White Rabbit passing.
Alice gives chase.
He rushes off claiming to be late.
Alice follows him and falls into a labyrinth.
She begins to float.
She sees.
The White Rabbit disappear and tries to follow.
The door s talking knob advises her to alter her size using a mysterious drink and food.
Alice eventually manages to shrink and passes.
She meets several strange characters.
Who recount the tale.
Alice eventually finds the White Rabbit.
She is sent to fetch some gloves.
She can ask what he is late.
She eats a cookie and grows  getting stuck in the rabbit s house.
The White Rabbit  the Dodo  and chimney sweep Bill the Lizard believe Alice to be a monster and plot to burn the house down.
Alice escapes.
She meets and sings.
They chase her.
Alice is then instructed to eat a part of his mushroom grow back to her original size.
Alice decides to keep the remaining pieces.
Alice meets the Cheshire Cat.
Who advises her to visit the Mad Hatter  March Hare and the Dormouse.
The three are hosting a mad tea party and celebrate Alice s unbirthday  a day.
Where it is not her birthday.
The White Rabbit appears.
The March Hare and Mad Hatter destroy his pocketwatch and throw him out.
Fed up abandons her pursuit of the White Rabbit and decides to go home  but gets lost in the Tulgey Wood.
The Cheshire Cat appears and leads Alice.
The Queen beheads anyone match using flamingoes and hedgehogs.
Who enrages her  and invites Alice.
The Cheshire Cat appears again and pulls a trick.
She accuses Alice.
Alice is put.
Just then  she remembers.
She still has the remains.
She eats it and grows.
The King claims is forbidden.
Now a gigantic size  Alice feels free to speak her mind and.
She openly insults the Queen.
However  she had hastily eaten both sides and shrinks to her normal size.
She is forced to flee her execution.
Alice becomes pursued.
She finally reunites.
The film ends for tea.
<EOS>
Mother Teresa teaches geography at her convent.
One day  she and one go outside the convent to find food for their girls  only to get caught up in a riot.
Mother Teresa is shocked.
They manage to make it back.
Haunted  Mother Teresa decides to leave the convent to devote her life to caring for the poorest of the poor.
Mother Teresa teaches the children to read and write.
She faces opposition.
Who mistrust her.
Some come to her with the desire to become nuns and help her on her mission.
Mother Teresa continues her crusade to help the poor.
The films end scene sees Mother Teresa travelling to receive the Nobel Peace Prize.
<EOS>
His son  Tom McLaughlin  goes and ultimately becomes Prime Minister.
When the Prime Minister dies in a canoeing accident.
The investigation  however  reveals.
It was no accident  raising the possibility.
Tom accepts the U.
S.
President s plan to divert part to help the United States with their water shortage.
Sgt.
Leah Collins and Member slowly piece together evidence of a conspiracy.
Threatens Canada s existence.
<EOS>
An Incan legend states.
The Inca Empire was destroyed when a gold and jeweled starburst was stolen from the Temple of the Sun centuries ago  and that the ancient civilization will be reborn once the treasure is returned.
Harry Steele  an American adventurer  is seeking the artifact.
Is his nemesis Ed Morgan  along  an Iron Curtain refugee.
<EOS>
Winston Churchill arrives in Algiers.
He plans to travel on.
Where he will meet Franklin D.
Roosevelt and Joseph Stalin.
His aides and army commanders strongly advise.
Churchill is adamant.
Intelligence discovers.
Churchill s presence is known.
They fear.
A killing or kidnapping may be attempted.
An especially secure carriage is attached.
Three intelligence agents  Alan Cooper  Captain Franchetti and Lt.
Lorna Fisher are assigned.
Cooper is held back.
He chases and kills a French double agent.
The train proceeds.
A German agent  Otto von Tiblis  is.
He is detected on the coach roof ensues.
Now revealed  von Tiblis opens fire and takes over the engine at gunpoint.
The train comes.
A unit  awaiting this moment  attack the train.
They kill nearly all the American soldiers and wound and kill many passengers.
Back  Allied intelligence learn of the attempted kidnap and Cooper volunteers for a dangerous mission.
He travels alone and sneaks up on the train.
The coaches have all been wired.
He gets a badly wounded Franchetti to crawl and cut the wires connecting the explosives and the detonator.
Cooper  Fisher and Franchetti open fire  Fisher is able to send an emergency radio signal to Algiers.
Which point a trainload leaves to intercept the Express.
All the Germans have been killed.
Von Tiblis manages to get the train going.
He soon comes face to face.
Who shoot up the train.
Franchetti dies.
Cooper and Fisher  badly wounded  return.
They learn.
The ` Churchill  they battled to protect was actually a decoy.
The real Churchill has travelled by plane.
<EOS>
A photographer visits Pinkstone National Park to take some pictures.
However  he opts not to donate at the park entrance.
Is the Pink Panther  insulted.
The photographer is a cheapskate.
Naturally  the feline tries his best to make the photographer s visit horrible.
The panther replaces the camera and kisses the photographer  then  Pink puts the flasher in the photographer s eyes  making the man see spots.
Before the photographer is taking a picture.
He is taking the picture.
Then the photographer falls off a cliff  and did nt get a good view.
He was backing up.
Where Pink is hiding.
Then the panther eats flash bulbs  mistaking them  and starts to hiccup  and make him flash afterwards.
Then the photographer goes to see Crystal Springs.
The panther makes the bridge to go the opposite direction twice.
He turns.
When the stunned man sees where he s gone.
The pather sends him.
Where the bridge makes the man cross the lake.
Every time the photographer attempts to snap a picture  the Pink Panther somehow manages to appear in the picture  unbeknownst to the beleaguered photographer.
Who sees him.
Shoots a gun.
Where the panther was seen  and ran out.
Because he saw the photographer in the cave.
Somehow  the photographer ends up being caught.
The photographer gets his vengeance by luring the Pink Panther to a fake movie shooting whereupon.
He literally blasts the Pink Panther.
Then  the charred and stunned panther has his cigarette burn and fall out.
His tooth falls out.
<EOS>
The film is all.
Who is battling.
Casteism is a curse and her ilk.
Who undergo unbearable torture.
However this time.
It is.
It is a village.
Where the inspector is the feudal lord.
He beats up the poor men and rapes their women.
The rest enjoy the leftovers.
Subjugated  Veeralakshmi rises in revolt.
<EOS>
Flag Wars is a look.
Surface when black working-class families are faced to their Columbus  Ohio neighborhood.
Filmed  Flag Wars  as-it-is-happening cinema verite style captures the emotions and honesty of unguarded moments.
Tensions mount.
The story begins.
Who lives and works.
The changes include having areas to reduce low-income housing in the community.
Code enforcement is complaint driven.
Neighborhood resident Linda Mitchell believes.
The new residents moving in are responsible for the code and zoning citations that have landed her in Judge Pfeiffer s Environmental Court.
Linda suffers and lives on disability insurance.
She refuses to address the zoning violations.
Her limited resources prevent her.
This puts her.
Baba  a Yoruba priest and plumber  is the founder.
Occupies the bottom two floors.
The name and address sign is now.
He hangs.
It is carved.
Baba is also prosecuted before Judge Pfeiffer and faces fines and possible arrest for refusing to remove his sign.
Jim  a working-class gay man  works two jobs to buy a boarded up Victorian house.
He risks his financial future.
When he purchases and begins renovations.
<EOS>
Jamie Benjamin is a misfit 12 year old boy  hated and the adults.
Who live.
They tease and ridicule him.
When he encounters other people.
His only friend is a stuffed bear named Teddy.
Whom he regularly holds conversations.
The audience hears Teddy s voice.
He talks.
Jamie develops an unhealthy obsession with girls.
Thus   he falls completely.
When his parents go away and leave the attractive psychology student Sandy OReilly to babysit him.
His lust is first revealed  he uses the opportunity to look at Sandy s panties.
When he drops his napkin and when he reaches for it.
Jamie asks her.
She can keep a secret.
Jamie reveals.
He has found a pit full of mysterious creatures  which he calls.
Care by feeding them raw meat.
He decides to take.
He steals money.
Order to obtain meat.
Teddy suggests feeding the people.
Who tormented him.
Jamie takes his advice.
He takes Sandy.
He runs out.
Where she accidentally falls in.
Heartbroken and angry  Jamie lowers a rope.
They are shot by the local militia and buried in the pit.
The killings are blamed.
Order to avoid panic.
Jamie  now completely unstable  meets a girl.
Who has a similar life.
But she has a secret.
Another pit.
<EOS>
A small town and its hopeful citizens are about to embark.
Massive rusty cranes  foreign investors  and the joyful chants carry the dream of a great nuclear future.
Disturbed only  the townsfolk celebrate the atomic hurray by engraving the nuclear power plant logo on buildings and soup bowls.
Amidst the apparent atomic prosperity  lies a past.
No one wants to remember.
An island holding terrifying secrets.
Stories loom on the city just like the dark clouds of mosquitoes descending on its citizens.
A world instantly transformed.
The tales.
Whose lives intersect.
<EOS>
He is surprised to learn  home.
When Brian Carter s mother dies.
He has inherited The Sanctuary.
Having previously believed  Brian travels there and meets Haley  a mysterious friend of his mother.
The building burned ago.
Who acts through the impressive  monastery-like building.
It becomes clear.
Something sinister lies.
They follow a secret passageway underground and come across strange and unsettling discoveries.
Trigger Brian s disturbing memories.
Ultimately  they are confronted  Brian s mother built a revolutionary machine.
Cured people.
Those addictions materialized in the form of mutant children hungry for human flesh.
Sharing the dark bowels with swarms of firefly-like creatures  the mutant children begin a wild hunt  with the new visitors as their prey.
They use to lure their victims.
Fighting to stay alive soon realize.
Some things are better left hidden.
<EOS>
Edward G.
Robinson plays John Ingram  a very successful oil-field firefighter.
All is going so well  he s even bought his own oil well.
His greatest fears are realized  however.
When a man  William Ramey  sees him in a newsreel and shows up looking for a job.
Eventually Ramey attempts to blackmail Ingram  and started a new life and family.
Who had run.
Ingram is tricked.
A shady deal is made.
Ramey turns him.
Who then ends up back.
Meanwhile  Ramey becomes a very rich man.
He plans a daring escape.
When Ingram finds out.
<EOS>
Peter & Kitty love each other.
They are unable to marry each other.
One day   Peter & Kitty accidentally overhear a conversation between a Mahesh Jetley & his paramour.
Where Mahesh tells her that he is soon going to bump his wife.
Peter & Kitty decide to foil this man s plans.
However  there are 2 problems  - 1.
They have not seen Mahesh or his paramour s face.
No one would believe their story.
2 -RSB- Even if they had.
Hence  the lovers decide to do a little investigation on their own.
They find 3 Mahesh Jetley s.
They find.
Each man is married & each has a crappy married life.
To find their suspect  they devise a plan.
Whereby they will stage an attack.
Will freak out & his identity will be revealed.
Whoever the culprit is.
However  each goes awry.
They get saved.
The only positive outcome is.
They learn that each suspect is actually a man.
The lives comes back into their lives.
All the couples file a complaint to find the culprit trying to break their marriage.
The Inspector investigates all the cases thoroughly & finally nails Peter & Kitty.
The public prosecutor claims.
The duo tried to break the marriages to scoop some money.
Peter finally tells the truth.
The public prosecutor asks the court for a half-hour break.
The prosecutor introduces a new witness - Kumar.
The break ends.
Then  the prosecutor goes on to play back a tape.
Peter & Kitty are surprised to hear exactly the same conversation.
They had heard.
The prosecutor surprises the whole court.
Kumar is a director who directs plays & that the conversation overheard by Peter & Kitty.
A bemused judge asks all the Jetley couples to decide the punishment for Peter & Kitty.
However  all the couples forgive & thank the duo.
They did what anybody else would have done & that their crime has brought.
Peter & Kitty are being escorted back.
The court is adjourned.
Where Peter sees a woman holding a portable radio that is airing the remaining part.
Peter asks the woman to switch off the radio.
Which everybody nearby bursts.
<EOS>
Two special agents Aziz and Lemi are tasked with delivering a diamond as a gift to the American President.
They are robbed by some bandits  leaving them stranded without any money.
They ride.
A tough cowgirl  Susanne Van Dyke joins them.
<EOS>
Baron Boris von Frankenstein decides to retire  leaving the monster business.
Frankenstein plans to announce his decision.
Includes his creature and the creature s more intelligent mate  Frankenstein s seductive laboratory assistant Francesca  Count Dracula  the Werewolf  the Creature.
<EOS>
Mike is a young man.
Who feels he does not belong.
He tries to win the heart by helping out with the Halloween Dance.
Is sabotaged.
Upset  Mike sends a message  unaware.
Aliens have heard his request and plan.
An alien called.
Thoad arrives in order to claim Mike for his zoo.
His friend s brother is kidnapped.
He manages to travel to Thoad s lair and rescue his friend s brother and all of the creatures trapped in the zoo.
However  Thoad follows them back and attempts to take Mike with him to his lair  but Barnabus calls the Intergalactic Police.
Thoad is arrested and taken.
Barnabus tells Mike  and asks him to return to his home planet  but Mike tells him he at last.
Earth is safe again.
Feels that he belongs.
The pair say goodbye.
<EOS>
A young dusty-haired orphan named.
Pete is fleeing his abusive adoptive hillbilly family  the Gogans.
An unseen force   knocks the Gogans.
Lena Gogan and company pursue him.
Pete calls Elliott.
Lena  her husband Merle  and their sons Grover and Willie are determined to find Pete.
We paid $ 50 for that kid.
We ai nt got fifty more.
The lazy  inept and constantly-bickering Grover and Willie are told.
If they do nt get Pete back  the boys will have to work the farm.
The next morning  Pete and Elliott  revealed to be a green and pink animated dragon and decide to visit Passamaquoddy  a nearby village and must flee.
Who also has the power.
Where the unseen Elliott  performing clumsy antics  causes Pete to be labeled a source.
Lampie  the drunken old lighthouse keeper  stumbles out.
A mischievous runs.
Elliott makes himself visible.
His capable daughter  Nora takes.
Him back settles him down  and puts him to bed.
Meanwhile   Pete scolds Elliott for causing trouble.
Nora appears  having spotted Pete earlier.
As the two make up.
She offers Pete shelter.
They talk.
Pete is inquisitive and soon learns the story.
Whose ship was reported lost the previous year.
Pete promises to ask Elliott.
Nora accepts  believing Elliott to be an imaginary friend.
The next morning  Doc Terminus  a medicine showman  and his shill  Hoagy  haphazardly arrive and manage to win.
Who are initially angered.
That evening Pete visits Elliot and Nora thanks her father.
The dragon exists.
Lampie insists.
He actually saw a dragon and Nora tells him to be realistic.
Lampie apologizes himself  giving Nora time to think.
Lampie tells Terminus and Hoagie about the dragon.
Terminus dismisses the tale.
Hoagy agrees to go.
Hoagy offers the dragon some liquor as a gesture of peace.
Triggers a fiery belch that chases the pair away.
The local fishermen complain and believe.
Pete is the cause.
Nora reminds them.
The fishing grounds shift  and that Pete should be welcomed.
Nora takes Pete.
Where Pete is punished unfairly.
An enraged Elliott smashes.
Terminus  now convinced.
Having learned  makes Pete an offer.
Dragon anatomy has many medicinal uses.
Pete refuses.
Later  Pete accepts Nora and Lampie s offer to stay permanently.
The Gogans arrive and confront them  only to be firmly defied by Nora and thwarted by Elliott.
Terminus makes a deal and convinces the superstitious locals.
Helping him capture the dragon will solve their problems.
That evening  a storm begins to blow.
Pete tries to tell Nora the good news.
Elliott has located Paul.
However Nora  still believing  replies.
Pete has imagined Elliott.
Pete has no more need to believe.
Even Lampie begins to doubt.
He saw a dragon.
Undeterred  Pete helps Nora prepare the lighthouse.
A sailing ship is approaching Passamaquoddy  its captain assisted by Paul.
Terminus lures Pete.
Hoagie does the same.
The invisible Elliott discovers Pete  but is caught in an immense net.
Elliott frees himself and saves Pete.
They can escape.
He incinerates their bill  then douses them all with a barrel of tar before chasing them off.
Terminus aims a harpoon gun  but the harpoon s rope is looped around his ankle.
Pete and Elliott celebrate.
He is sent flying.
Elliott saves the mayor and other dignitaries from a falling utility pole  revealing himself to the grateful townsfolk.
Back  the lamp has been extinguished by a storm-driven wave.
Elliott returns and tries to light the lamp.
Nora finally sees.
He is doing so.
Elliott is real.
Due to the damp wick and the fact  the light is finally ignited.
Elliott s esophagus is squeezed.
The ship is saved.
The next morning the townsfolk praise Elliott.
Nora is reunited.
Who  it turns out  was the sole survivor.
Then  one day recently  his bed suddenly tipped over  Paul bumped his head and regained his memory.
Sadly   Elliott reveals.
That Pete is safe and has a loving family.
He must move on to help other children.
Pete says his goodbyes.
Who happily flies off.
<EOS>
The film tells the story.
Who is released.
Who framed her.
<EOS>
The filmmaker finds himself.
Who is no longer the delightful child the father loved.
Who inhabits virtual worlds available.
The son seems to be addicted to and permanently distracted by those worlds.
The filmmaker undertakes a journey.
.
Where he worked at age 24 - slightly older than his son is now.
He has not been back.
Quay.
That visit  and hopes to gain some perspective.
He also hopes to track down his former employer  a fascinating Frenchman named Maurice  and Maud  a woman.
Whom he was romantically involved.
Photographic Memory is a meditation  the praxis of photography and film  digital versus analog  and the fractured love of a father for his son.
<EOS>
A private detective is hired to protect the valuables.
<EOS>
Qais is son.
He falls with the beautiful Laila  daughter of the immensely rich and powerful landlord Sarvari.
Her father opposes this match.
Laila reciprocates his love.
All the attempts to separate the lovers fail.
Sarvari shifts his residence secretly.
Heartbroken  Qais loses his mental faculties and wanders aimlessly in the deserts like a lunatic.
Laila meets Qais.
Qais is beaten severely.
Amir Ameeri finds his son.
He takes him.
Amir Ameeri falls and begs for his mercy and requests for the marriage of Laila with Qais.
Sarvari s heart melts.
He agrees.
Meanwhile  Baqthum the Prince happen to see beautiful Laila.
He informs Sarvari his desire to marry Laila.
Baqthum had to betray his former lover Zarina to win Laila s love.
Sarvari breaks his promise and conducts Laila s marriage with Baqthum.
But  Laila does nt allow Baqthum to touch her.
Broken hearted Qais turns a real lunatic.
He wanders  always uttering the name of Laila.
Eventually.
Laila happen to meet Qais from Iraq.
The separated lovers meet.
Laila and Qais lose their lives and unite in death.
<EOS>
Wellington go.
The dog is given a package to deliver  with strict instructions not to let.
Sylvester and another cat see this.
Wellington has been tormenting.
They drop a duplicate off a bridge.
Wellington still manages to retrieve the package a few times  but never.
<EOS>
Deven Yuvvraaj is a struggling singer.
Who signs an agreement to become a billionaire in 40 days.
To acquire this wealth  he has to go with his two estranged brothers  Gyanesh Yuvvraaj and Danny Yuvvraaj.
Who he meets.
He realizes.
They are two individuals who are completely opposite.
He goes.
He finds out.
Only Gyanesh Yuvvraaj will be the heir of the entire property.
<EOS>
A man named.
Andy Fiddler is  preparing a speech.
He works  and lives in Milwaukee  Wisconsin.
He will soon be giving a speech.
ATF agent Derrick Vann   is trying to retrieve some guns  and are soon to be sold.
Whose partner was recently murdered.
Were stolen.
He sets up a buy.
He is to go and be reading a USA Today.
Unfortunately  Andy is.
His favorite newspaper is USA Today.
A menacing Englishman sits next and hands him a paper bag with his taste in it then leaves.
Andy pulls a cell phone out  then a gun  is holding the place up.
The waitress sees and thinks Andy.
That s.
When Vann walks and cuffs him.
Soon  Vann realizes.
The gun traffickers mistook Andy  and drags Andy along with him.
The cell phone.
Fiddler receives rings  with the menacing Brit  whose name we later find out is Joey  is.
He wants Turk to drop $ 20000 dollars.
Vann reveals.
He has the money  and needs Fiddler to drop it.
Andy tries to perform the drop plain and simple.
Unfortunately  a homeless guy screws this up.
The traffickers just drive.
Andy gets another call asking him.
What happened.
He tells them.
There were complications.
Joey says.
He will call back.
Meanwhile  Andy tries to get away  only to have Vann graze him.
Andy gets word  running a make on Vann s license plate numbers.
Vann picks him up.
Vann then suggests.
Andy use the taco sauce to ease the pain of the bullet wound.
Andy s 9-1-1 call proves effective.
A group pull them over  much to Vann s dismay.
He is furious for running a make on his plate.
The police discover.
Vann is ATF and move aside.
Andy is taken in.
It was stolen.
Vann gets him out to assist him in his investigation as the public contact.
Vann then takes Andy to make a stop.
The friend is a gun dealer.
Vann knows named Manny Cortez.
He finds.
Manny shot dead.
The killer was Joey.
Andy   attempts to drive the car with one hand.
Who is handcuffed.
Vann chases.
Him he borrows and eventually pulls him over.
Andy complains.
When back.
He is hungry.
Vann takes him.
Vann gets a call from his ex-wife Dara.
Who reminds him.
Vann explains.
He is.
He gets distracted.
When the phone gave to Fiddler rings.
Joey says.
He wants to meet Turk.
However  Joey says.
He wants $.
Vann goes buddy Santos.
Who eventually gives.
They head.
Andy enters.
Fiddler sits down and discusses the deal.
He got the money so fast.
It means nothing.
He also gives Joey back the cell and tells him.
He makes the calls now.
He is furious.
When Andy tells Vann what he did.
Andy explains.
They now get to decide where the meeting takes place  and get backup there.
He also tells Vann.
They should let Joey simmer before calling him.
Fidler suggests.
They go.
They leave and call Joey.
They arrange.
They attend.
Joey asks.
Who Vann is.
Andy tells him.
Vann will do anything that is told.
They are taken to Joey s residence  they are wired.
Where they are put.
Joey tells them.
He still thinks Vann is a cop.
Vann admits this  and tells them.
He is betraying the service to make some money.
Joey is convinced.
Vann takes Andy.
They say goodbye.
The next day  Andy gives his speech.
It goes well.
Internal Affairs agent Peters grabs him and throws him.
When he exits the building.
They tell him and killed Booty  Cortez  and Vann s partner himself.
Vann was lying  and that he is actually trying to buy the guns.
They need him to wear a wire and get a confession out.
Meanwhile  back  Vann is suspended.
His boss tells him.
Andy was setting him up.
Andy  now wired  enters Vann s office and says.
They need to talk.
Vann starts driving in tow.
Recognizing Andy acting agitated  Vann asks him straight.
If he is wired.
Andy admits.
He is.
They enter the barn.
Where the exchange is going to go down.
Joey is skeptical and pulls a gun.
The police enter.
Andy manages to disarm Joey.
Joey gets shot.
Vann gets shot.
Vann then takes Andy.
They say goodbye.
However  Vann sets off the metal detectors escorting Andy.
He blames it.
The last shot is of a protesting Andy being led away for a cavity search.
<EOS>
The father escaped the Soviet invasion and now runs a Hungarian restaurant.
Is not doing well financially.
The younger is gay and struggling with coming out.
His dad disowns him.
When he finally does.
The older son is involved  gets kicked out of college  buys a motorcycle  starts dating a Maoist  and is also disowned by his father.
The older runs afoul of an outlaw motorcycle club  the younger of the two sons gets drafted but is rejected because of his homosexuality.
The older one joins his younger brother.
Major events such as the assassination of Martin Luther King and the assassination of Robert F.
Kennedy are interspersed and depicted in the film using stock footage.
<EOS>
The film darkly lampoons success  failure  and the show business.
<EOS>
The League have decided to work on a new project and stop working on their creations set in the town of Royston Vasey  the location of their TV series.
One does not want to do the project and keeps coming up with weak ideas in order to keep them alive  such as giving all the characters tails.
He is horrified to find one of the Royston Vasey characters  Tubbs Tattsyrup  in his bathroom.
He runs  but is stopped by Edward Tattsyrup.
Who try to prevent Dyson.
Jeremy escapes and runs.
He pretends.
They do not exist  only to find out that they are real  when Papa Lazarou appears and throws him off the cliff to his apparent death.
Back  the local vicar  Bearnice Woodall  tells fellow residents Pauline Campbell-Jones and Mr Chinnery at the church.
There are signs.
She tells them.
She sent Tubbs  Edward and Papa Lazarou into another dimension in order to stop it.
Having heard no word  she assumes.
They died  and so they plan to go through the door.
However   Hilary Briss has escaped from prison.
He finds Herr Lipp and holds him hostage.
Hilary uses Herr Lipp to steal a car  driven.
Hilary leads them.
Bernice  Pauline and Chinnery do so.
They are - the town.
When Hilary  Herr Lipp and Geoff come out.
Where The League is filmed.
They have entered our dimension.
They meet Papa Lazarou.
Who takes them.
They explain.
Royston Vasey is.
They know  so they were sent to prevent the writers.
They no longer want to continue Royston Vasey.
Only three of the writers remain  Mark Gatiss  Steve Pemberton and Reece Shearsmith.
Hilary  Herr Lipp and Geoff are sent to persuade them to continue to write.
Hilary  Herr Lipp and Geoff travel.
Where Gatiss  Pemberton and Shearsmith are working.
They are working on.
However  Lipp bumps.
Geoff knocks Pemberton unconscious and kidnaps him.
Hilary and Geoff take Pemberton.
Lipp is mistaken.
Lipp pretends to be his creator and goes home.
Where he discovers that Pemberton has been neglecting his family.
Hilary and Geoff read  a historical horror called The King s Evil.
Which a group work together with a black magician called Dr Pea in order to kill the Protestant King William III.
Queen Mary II using a poisonous monster called a Homunculus.
Pemberton escapes.
They read.
Hilary chases him.
Geoff continues to read.
Hilary re-captures Pemberton.
Hilary discovers Geoff has written himself.
When they return.
Herr Lipp meanwhile becomes deeply attached  in particular his children.
He looks.
Order to find Pemberton s notes.
He then becomes angry.
When he realises that he was created and is depicted as grotesque.
Meanwhile   Geoff is captured by Dr Pea and his friends   including the writers.
Where he s tortured to reveal all of his knowledge about what has been going on.
Hilary takes Pemberton up.
Where he telephones Shearsmith.
Shearsmith does not believe  so Hilary comes.
Pemberton has been captured and that he is playing a joke.
Shearsmith initially believes.
Gatiss is joining in when he opens a door and Gatiss is standing right in front of him.
Shearsmith and Gatiss find and capture Herr Lipp.
Who then travel up.
They enter the dimensional door and swap their hostages.
They have entered Royston Vasey.
When they exit the door.
Is now.
Hilary explains.
What has been going on.
He is killed.
As Pemberton is about to create one.
They have managed to enter  along with Geoff.
Who apologises.
Pea tries to convince Briss to leave Royston Vasey and join him.
Hilary refuses.
Pea kills his fellow characters and turns them.
Hilary tries to fight.
Shearsmith and Gatiss try and climb up the church to escape.
Shearsmith falls.
He climbs.
Hilary kills the monster  but he by Pea.
Himself is stabbed.
He tells Geoff.
He passes away.
He is the only one who can save Royston Vasey.
Geoff fights.
Gatiss tries to return.
However  he is stopped.
Who holds him.
Geoff manages to kill Dr Pea using part.
The chaos still goes on.
Herr Lipp says.
He will kill Gatiss.
The other characters try to dissuade him.
All will die.
Herr Lipp claims.
They d be better  because as long as they re being controlled by someone else they have no free will and can therefore never change for the better.
Geoff tells Herr Lipp.
Because he managed to save the day and can therefore change  he does not need to kill Gatiss.
He persuades Herr Lipp to hand him the gun  only to accidentally fire it and kill Gatiss himself.
The residents prepare for the worst.
Nothing happens.
Instead  everything calms down.
The Apocalypse ends.
Also   the characters realise.
They now have free will.
Herr Lipp adopts some orphaned children.
Chinnery finds a rabbit and is able to take care without killing it.
Bearnice believes.
Geoff leaves the church  waving goodbye.
It appears.
Royston Vasey can continue to exist independently.
However  Dyson is still alive and.
Everyone else now has tails.
<EOS>
Margherita receives a video camera from a friend.
Who is a film director.
She decides to use the device to keep a diary.
Snippets usually feature her talking.
The camera is capable.
However   Margherita leaves the camera in her bedroom  it catches Margherita s husband  Paolo.
It was still recording.
Who has always had a distant demeanor.
He cheats with her best friend.
A secret scandal ensues.
Her friend  the director  examines the film  and concludes.
Who gave her the camera.
It is interesting material.
<EOS>
The film is based by C.
V.
Nirmala.
It deals.
<EOS>
The film opens  showing.
Mya is cheating.
The lovers plan to escape on a train together that night.
Is New Year s Eve.
Ben turns the TV on  showing a bizarre  psychedelic sequence of images.
Mya begins to listen  but is menaced by men.
Who are acting strangely.
She finds people acting strangely as well.
When she reaches her apartment building.
Unknown.
Is coming.
Jerry and Rod attempt to fix the TV.
Inside her apartment  Lewis and two friends.
Lewis  the first  beats Jerry with a baseball bat over a minor argument.
To react.
Mya escapes  leaving Rod and Lewis in a struggle.
She finds the whole building in chaos with people killing each other.
Mya hides out until morning.
She finds an unconscious Lewis  bound.
When she decides to leave and re-enter her home.
He awakens only to see her leave him behind and exit  but encounters Rod.
Who drags her.
He then tells her.
He spent trying to survive.
It becomes evident.
The Signal affects each person differently  and that there is the possibility that Rod is also crazy  though he seems to largely have control.
Together  they escape  and attempt to drive.
Rod turns on the radio in anger  exposing himself to the Signal.
He goes violently insane and attacks Mya.
Who crashes the car.
Rod is incapacitated and trapped.
Mya flees  telling a passerby named Clark.
She is going to leave Terminus.
The story turns.
Who finds the duct-taped Lewis and loosens his bonds.
Lewis knocks Ben unconscious and puts his body.
Anna is setting up for a New Year party.
The Signal has affected her.
That her dutifulness as a homemaker is amplified.
She has continued planning for the party.
If nothing has happened.
Clark   soon arrives.
Who is her neighbour and a conspiracy theory nut.
The two begin attempting to figure out.
What is happening.
Clark also admits.
He had decapitated Rod  who had attacked him.
Eventually Lewis makes his way  under the mistaken belief.
Mya has been there because her car is.
Lewis befriends Anna and Clark.
They convince themselves.
None have been affected by the Signal  and that they have to band together in order to survive.
Lewis   immediately kills Anna s niece  Laura.
Whose violent and paranoid tendencies are clearly amplified.
Who arrives.
He dismisses the act.
Clark convinces him not to attack the next arrival  Jim.
Who is apparently oblivious.
Lewis hallucinates.
Anna hallucinates that Clark is her husband.
Jim is Ben  taunting him.
He beats Jim  then attacks Anna  spraying her with insecticide.
She is blind.
Lewis forces her to ingest the poison  killing her.
He realizes she knows nothing.
He then exposes Clark.
Order to convince him to tell him where Mya had gone.
Ben  having woken up and freed himself  enters the apartment and attacks Lewis with the pesticide canister  knocking him out.
Lewis wakes up and follows Ben and Clark.
He attempts to kill them.
They fight him off and escape.
The Signal is a lie  thus breaking its effect.
Where Mya was headed.
Ben and Clark make a run and arrive at the train station.
There  they find.
Mya tied  being forced to watch the Signal by Lewis  who attacks them and strangles Clark until he is unconscious.
Ben then resorts to use Lewis s own paranoia  eventually tricking Lewis into believing.
Their roles are reversed  and that Lewis is the one man he hates most  Mya s other man.
Lewis punches a signal-broadcasting TV  electrocuting himself.
The story ends ambiguously.
A series have succeeded.
However we then see Mya still tied  seemingly lost due the prolonged exposure to the Signal.
Ben places Mya s headphones.
She closes her eyes  a tear rolling down her cheek.
The credits appear.
Is left to decide.
Whether this is the final reality  or a flashback and Mya s escape from the city.
<EOS>
A terrorist group invades a laboratory containing a deadly bacteria and destroys the lab.
They later announce.
They have gained possession.
Was eradicated a decade ago.
Conan Edogawa  Kogoro Mori  Ran Mori  the Detective Boys  are invited to fly in his airship to witness his attempt at capturing Phantom Thief Kid by baiting him with the jewel called nihongo.
Kid replies with a letter announcing.
He will steal Lady Sky when the airship approaches Osaka.
Aboard the airship   there are four others  Takamichi Fujioka  a journalist  Masaki Mizukawa  a TV director  Kasumi Nishitani  a reporter  and Junpei Ishimoto  a cameraman.
Who are working.
Meanwhile  a waitress enters the smoking room.
Where an ampoule is seen under the sofa.
Conan reminisces thought and asks him to keep it a secret.
An airship was a UFO.
A waiter overhears Conan.
Conan s group is given a tour  Ran diverges from the group to get a better look at Lady Sky.
She meets a waiter wearing a bandage similar.
She gave and grabs his arm deducing he is Kid in disguise.
She then subdues him and threatens to hand him over.
Kid removes the mask and pretends to be Shinichi Kudo and convinces her she thought.
The airship was a UFO once.
Meanwhile  the waitress begins to develop a rash.
Jirokichi receives a phone call.
Who tells him the bacteria before hanging up.
Nakamori confirms.
It is the work.
Fujioka begins to develop a rash and approaches the group whilst in pain before being knocked out by Ran.
The waitress is found unconscious by a short-haired waitress  Fujioka and the unconscious waitress are quarantined in a separate room.
Conan leaves to search.
Who are exploring the ship.
Conan finds them.
There  they witness an unknown culprit unlock the roof allowing the Red Siamese Cats to enter and hijack the ship.
Their leader announces.
They plan to get revenge who assisted in eradicating the terrorist group and that they will detonate the bombs on the ships or release a second ampoule containing the bacteria if they resist.
Conan finds the four rooms and disarms them  He notes.
It was strange they used bombs and bacteria to hijack the ship and attempts to figure out their ulterior motive.
The terrorist group holding Jirokichi is able to gain possession of Lady Sky.
Mizukawa begins to develop the rash and is incarcerated in the smoking room.
Ran remembers.
Fujioka grabbed her arms and is relieved to find no rash has developed.
Nishitani laments  the Red Siamese Cats overhear this and bring Conan and the Detective Boys.
The Detective Boys are missing.
Ai Haibara informs Conan.
The Red Siamese Cats are but is slapped by the short-haired waitress who is revealed to be part of the Red Siamese Cats.
Conan is thrown out the window.
Kid manages to save him.
Meanwhile  Heizo Hattori attempts to deduce the Red Siamese Cats goals.
Confirming. 
If their goal is to get revenge  they would crash the airship into the Suzuki company building  the Bell Tree Tower and consequently release the bacteria in the airship to the outside world.
Conan informs Heiji Hattori.
Conan then calls Inspector Juzo Megure.
Order to use a police helicopter which he and Kid use.
Conan finds two in the attic of the airship and grows suspicious.
There is no bomb which would have released the bacteria.
Heiji calls Conan telling him the Red Siamese Cats have posted causing mass panic to the cities in the airship s path.
Smoke. 
The ship approaches Nara  Nara  Kid informs Conan that the ship is emitting.
Conan realizes the Red Siamese Cat s true motive and sends Heiji.
Ran begins to develop a rash.
Where Fujioka touched her and is quarantined.
Conan becomes suspicious.
It was only supposed to spread.
Conan notices the black fingernails and realizes.
What the true nature is.
Conan lures the Red Siamese Cats and incapacitates them one by one.
Heiji  meanwhile  confronts four policemen revealing and used the airship to evacuate the city.
They are part.
Order to steal the priceless buddharupas.
The four fake policemen are then arrested.
Conan enters the smoking room and reveals.
Where Ran is quarantined.
The Red Siamese Cats never released a bacteria.
He explains.
The smoking room was sprayed.
Conan then realizes and is the mastermind.
Fujioka was feigning the symptoms.
The Tokyo Metropolitan Police discuss then identities.
It is revealed and are only using the terrorist name Red Siamese Cats up.
They are all foreign mercenaries hired.
Conan confronts Fujioka is easily tracked.
Who explains that they targeted the statues.
He then reveals.
Nishitani and Ishimoto are his comrades and that the two remaining bombs are placed and will be detonated when he and his comrades escape the airship.
The group are tied to the railings by the two culprits.
Who take Lady Sky.
The airship passes.
Fujioka prepares to kill Conan.
Conan latches his belt and inflates the soccer ball  jamming it between the bridge and airship causing the airship to tilt vertically.
Fujioka falls below.
The two culprits are knocked unconscious.
Kid enters the lobby and unties Ran and leaves with Lady Sky.
Ran  believing Kid to be Shinichi  asks him to turn himself.
He examines the jewel.
Kid tells her he will comply.
She kisses him.
Ran stops and tells him.
He is not Shinichi.
Conan enters the room and angrily runs.
Kid places Lady Sky and leaves through the ceiling.
Conan asks.
What Kid did  to which she remarks something Shinichi never does and thinks about how he tried to touch her rear.
<EOS>
The film focuses.
Who is forced to face the hostility after her husband is revealed as a brutal spree killer.
<EOS>
The Soviet Union  summer.
Comdiv Sergei Petrovich Kotov  his wife Maroussia  and their young daughter Nadia are relaxing.
When they are suddenly interrupted.
A peasant explains.
The Soviet Army s tanks are about to crush the wheat harvest.
Kotov rides on horseback.
Annoyed to be bothered.
Where the tank crews are confronting outraged peasants.
A tank officer is angry.
Kotov curses him out.
The tank crews realize.
When the older man borrows a Soviet officer s cap.
They are addressing a senior Old Bolshevik and legendary hero.
Taking the radio receiver  Kotov speaks directly.
Kotov familiarly addresses the Marshal and persuades him to hold maneuvers elsewhere.
The tank crews listen.
Maroussia teases her husband.
Nadia does not agree.
The happy family returns.
There  they join Maroussia s relatives  a large and eccentric family.
Into the pastoral setting comes Mitya  an ex-nobleman and veteran.
He was Maroussia s fiance.
Joyfully embraced  he is introduced to Nadia as Uncle Mitya.
Maroussia is left feeling deeply conflicted.
She had suffered deeply when he left.
Mitya appears to have returned with a secret agenda.
He works  or NKVD.
He has arrived to arrest Kotov.
It is revenge.
Kotov had conscripted Mitya.
Mitya detests Kotov.
Whom he blames.
Kotov remarks.
Where he fingered eight White Army generals.
All were kidnapped  smuggled  and shot without trial.
Kotov says.
Mitya is a whore whose loyalties were bought.
Believing Mitya s plans to arrest him are a personal vendetta  Kotov boasts.
Mitya vows to repeat these words.
Kotov has been forced to false charges of espionage  treason  and plotting to murder Stalin.
The men come.
They again pretend to be friends.
When young Nadia returns.
A black car carrying NKVD agents arrives.
A group arrives at the dacha to pay tribute to Kotov as a hero of the Revolution and the Civil War.
Kotov leads them all in an oath of loyalty to Joseph Stalin and the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
Mitya looks on.
Moments later  Mitya summons Kotov.
Mitya and Kotov allow Nadya to ride part of the way with them.
She walks down the road toward home.
Maintaining his military coolness  Kotov coldly vows to telephone Stalin and destroy the careers.
Who have arrested him.
However  the NKVD agents find.
The road blocked lost.
The NKVD agents batter him and shackle his hands.
When Kotov tries to leave the car to give the peasant directions.
Certain  the agents summarily execute the horrified peasant.
The peasant was sent to rescue Kotov.
Kotov realizes.
The car drives.
Who has really ordered his arrest.
Kotov sobs inconsolably.
His Communist ideals shattered.
Meanwhile  Mitya looks.
The car drives on.
A massive poster shields it from view.
Mitya is then seen bleeding  having slashed his wrists.
He whistles the suicide tango.
His song ceases.
A postscript appears  Comdiv Sergei Petrovich Kotov confessed to all charges and was shot in August.
Nadia skips home.
Maroussia was arrested and died.
Nadia lived to see all three sentences overturned.
Arrested. 
Having inherited her mother s musical gifts  Nadia Kotova works.
The postscript ends with the words  This film is dedicated to all.
Who were burnt.
<EOS>
The story tells the story.
Who runs to be with her true love  Li Zuyi.
The film details the poverty.
She must endure.
<EOS>
Anna  a somewhat introverted woman  becomes obsessed.
Who helped.
Incorrectly believing the love to be reciprocated  she embarks to stay in touch with him but  after several rejections  finds herself descending into despair and  ultimately  hatred.
<EOS>
Lifelong best friends plans to have one last knock-out trip together.
Alice Marano and Darlene Davis graduate and make.
They are separated.
Darlene is perceived to be the nice girl  and Alice the bad one.
The idea seems less appealing to the girls than the sudden notion of going to Thailand.
It is revealed.
Darlene s father has not been approached  but that Alice s father has given her permission because he believes Darlene is going.
Alice suggests to Darlene she is going.
She simply not tell her father.
The two girls fly there  meet a captivating Australian man.
Who calls himself Nick Parks.
He befriends the girls and uses romantic charm to gain their trust.
He claims.
He works.
Darlene is particularly smitten to take Nick up on his offer to treat the two of them to.
What amounts to Hong Kong.
They check out and have their bags carried down to an awaiting cab.
Hopping  the girls are running late to the airport.
The bellhop loads the bags.
The Thai police rush the surprised girls -- discovering has a few kilos of heroin inside.
They are waiting to board.
The backpack that Darlene has packed is carrying.
Alice s street smarts prevent her.
They are interrogated separately.
Darlene answers questions posed  the official then speaks to a typist in Thai.
Who appears to transcribe the conversation.
But Darlene is tricked.
She is accused but remains unaware of it.
Alice points out that neither would be foolish enough to sign a confession written in Thai  which neither can understand.
Abruptly the girls are placed after pleading their case in vain.
They get off easy with 33 years.
There are a few other Westerners.
Who refers and tells the girls they should seek the help of Yankee Hank  an American lawyer.
The British girl hears this and scoffs.
Meanwhile.
S.
Darlene s father learns s arrest.
He eventually flies to plead with the U.
S.
Officials to get his daughter out.
He visits his daughter Darlene and warmly reassures her.
Everything will be fine as she apologizes profusely.
Darlene excitedly reports.
Her father is going to get them out and that he wants to speak.
Alice enthusiastically greets Darlene s father.
He lashes out  venting his rage for masterminding.
Whatever scheme she created to get his daughter.
Eventually Yankee Hank  Henry Greene  an American attorney living  arrives to see.
He might get paid.
Darlene s father sends the money to appeal the girls  case.
Greene is confident about appealing their case.
When his Thai wife  also a lawyer  points out that the charges involve six kilos of heroin.
When that amount would never have fit.
The girls are delighted.
The Thai prosecution bring forward a witness who testifies he served them drinks poolside  as Darlene suggested.
This causes them to lose their appeal.
Green walks away.
His wife discovers a clue that might lead to the whereabouts of the elusive Nick Parks.
Trying a different tactic  he meets.
Who has influence.
He firmly believes.
Knox admits that the girls were probably duped.
Someone has to go.
As long  he says.
No Nick Parks can be produced to clear the girls.
They will finish out the remainder.
Greene follows up the lead  travelling to get information from another girl used by the smuggler.
Whose alias is Nick Parks.
He confronts DEA agent Knox  but is shot down.
When Knox tells him Parks has friends.
Greene threatens the corrupt prosecutor to the American media.
He agrees.
They will receive a royal pardon.
The girls confess and withdraw their naming of Nick Parks.
The girls agree and sign a confession.
Wherein they claim Nick Parks is a figment.
However  they have been duped.
Who uses their confession to assure they will receive no pardon.
Alice  deciding to take responsibility and realizing  falls to her knees and begs the King of Thailand to allow her to serve both Darlene s sentence and her own in exchange for Darlene s release.
Darlene will be unable to bear prison.
Darlene should not have to pay.
The offer is accepted.
The film ends.
The girls  friendship  riven  is restored.
Darlene bids Alice farewell and returns  promising.
She will not stop trying to get Alice released.
Alice s voice-over indicates her acceptance.
Darlene and Greene will never stop attempting to get her released.
<EOS>
Kalyani is for committing a murder.
We learn the circumstances.
She divulges it.
The film is set in the 1930s  during the British Raj.
Where Kalyani is the daughter.
The society treats them harshly.
Broken  Kalyani moves to the city  to the singing of the O Jaanewale Ho Sake To Laut Ke Aana.
She works as a caretaker of an obnoxious and mentally unstable woman.
Who turns out to be the wife.
Kalyani learns.
Her father came and died in an accident.
That prompts her to poison her lover s wife  identifying her in a moment of insane rage.
Director Bimalda captures her emotions.
She resolves to commit the crime.
The ambient sounds.
She inches  pumping vigorously into a kerosene stove  without uttering a single word through it all.
And subsequently confesses with equal passion.
Back the jail doctor falls in love with her.
Kalyani is not ready and starts to stay away from him.
They are always shown.
Deven proposes her.
Another symbolism used is the occasional shouting of All.
Is well when nothing in the movie is.
She receives yet another ironic message.
As Kalyani is leaving prison.
She then decides to take care.
Her love is again reborn.
The lines Main Bandini Piya ki  Main Sangini Hoon Saajan ki tells us.
Kalyani is imprisoned  thus revealing the title of the film.
Mere saajan hain  this climactic song  beautifully expresses Kalyani s dilemma.
Us paar is sung himself.
Thus the character gets lifted from that of a woman.
Who is a prisoner who defines her own freedom.
<EOS>
The year.
Kinshasa  Congo.
The Apollo 11 is going to land on the Moon.
Tanga and Nika  husband and wife  wait to spend a Moon evening with Nika s brother.
However  the nun does not appear.
The Moon is full.
Muntu-wa-Bantu holds the transistor radio up.
He stares.
He wants to see the first steps on the Moon for himself.
But no matter  he can not see.
Long he stares.
What they are saying.
Can the Moon be.
Far away.
<EOS>
The award-winning film  loosely based  presents the characters with a twist.
It features Peter Pan.
Whereas the fairy Tinker Bell is a drugged and burnt.
Tiger Lily is a transvestite.
The events take place  rather than the imaginary island.
Is an amusement park.
<EOS>
Pradeep Menon is a troubled teenager.
Who studies in Ooty in the Nilgiris.
He is regarded  and is often punished by his teachers and headmaster  at times often severely.
He makes fun on the very first day  thus beginning a series of misadventures.
When beautiful Daisy Thomas joins this school.
Result. 
This also brings him close.
Both are attracted.
Daisy understands.
Pradeep is so aggressive  and offers him considerable support.
She is shocked to see  but is unable to do anything.
Rude he is.
She later comes to know and had started spending less time with him.
The reason was that his mother had decided to re-marry after his father s death.
Things improve considerably.
When Malati is confined and Pradeep goes to visit her  thereby improving their relationship.
Pradeep starts to respond positively and is all set to turn a new leaf.
Then Pradeep s world is turned upside down.
When he witnesses Daisy - a complete stranger.
Shocked  Pradeep has no alternative but to regress to his self-destructive phase  alienating himself from everyone.
He later comes to know.
The other man  James  was and that she is a terminally ill patient.
Things go bad.
When his mother dies.
Him losing Daisy as well.
The movie ends.
<EOS>
Vanessa Lemor  a lonely 13-year old Yup ` ik girl  is dumped by her true love  uber intellectual Philip Georgey .
Vanessa spends the summer  working at an ice cream shack and obsessing over the heartbreaking tragedy.
She resolves to win Philip back at Nichols Academy  a close-minded preparatory school.
Where the Georgey family is legendary.
Awarded the only minority scholarship  Vanessa s new life is a nightmare.
Back and fluent in French  Philip is elevated to popular status.
Vanessa is relegated with the rest of the FUBARs.
Rounding out the rest are Hercules  a loveable  but socially inept boy with wildly overprotective parents  Samantha  a 14-year old.
Who claims her father is a rapper  and Nothing  whose family owns a funeral parlor.
Vanessa s consolation prize is Philip s decision to honor Vanessa.
Philip  wishing the best  reinstates the values - the pursuit of individuality and embracement of a social consciousness  an alternative lifestyle for a better world.
Once brought them together.
Unfortunately  Vanessa misinterprets his preaching  and alienates herself.
To make matters worse  she is the only freshman captain selected.
Vanessa believes.
A victory is the only way into Philip s heart.
She quickly forms a quirky team.
Team FUBAR prepares.
Brings together people and shapes to celebrate Native Alaskan culture.
Order to foster an antiquated class system.
Vanessa discovers the true meaning of love and must embrace her Native heritage to reclaim the spirit of the World Eskimo Indian Olympics.
<EOS>
A boat is caught.
Only King Kanchi survives.
A few fishermen find him and rescue him.
The love story begins.
When Chinta  a young village girl  takes care.
<EOS>
American David Ross  a sergeant  is hastily promoted and assigned to command one of the Royal Navy s slow  poorly-armed tugboats.
Bring. 
The main danger is.
David is pleased to be reunited.
Chris takes him out  then brings him home to his flat to meet his lover Stella.
She had been engaged.
He was killed the day.
Knowing the extreme danger  Philip had given a copy of his key to the flat to another officer  Van Barger.
That Stella would be taken care what.
Van Barger moved in.
Then  continuing the tradition  he gave a key.
David tries to refuse.
When Chris chooses David to be the next.
His friend is insistent.
Stella accepts Chris s marriage proposal.
However  she has a premonition.
He wo nt be coming back.
She is proved correct.
David refuses to move in  but eventually does so.
She does not share his bed immediately.
Stella falls  unlike the others.
Time goes.
She puts away her photograph  gets rid of the uniforms of David s predecessors  and takes off her wedding ring.
She also leaves her flat.
Philip was killed.
Finally  she asks David to marry her.
He gladly accepts.
S.
Entry becomes David s next assignment.
The inexperienced crew sends out a continuous S.
O.
S.
Contrary  revealing the ship s position to the enemy.
He tries unsuccessfully to refuse.
When David finds out the situation.
What amounts.
Another tugboat returns.
As he is about to depart.
Knowing his chances  he gives his key.
David s tug is attacked and set afire.
He orders rams the submarine.
The crew to abandon ship  then.
David hurries back to the flat.
Kane is already there  having told Stella.
David was killed.
She screams to get out  hurt to the core by his betrayal in passing on the key.
When she sees him alive.
Later  Kane finds David drinking his sorrows away and informs him.
Stella is leaving on the train.
There were two endings filmed   David gets aboard   but insists.
He just misses catching it.
He will search and find her.
<EOS>
Meena is the only sister.
Whom Nazar is the eldest.
Venkatesh is a unmatured person.
Who is innocent and sings songs.
Zamindari brothers employ Venkatesh as well as Meena.
Meena loves Venkatesh.
He does nt know what is marriage.
Mangala sutra is.
Meena makes Venkatesh to put Mangala sutra.
Zamindari brothers came to know this and then the rest is.
They succeeded.
<EOS>
The story revolves DCP Ajit Rathod.
Who is fighting  dealing with the Muslim society and fighting terrorism and also bringing order to the society.
He will go.
If it means going or even getting fired.
<EOS>
The plot features around two characters Adam and Morello.
Who end up handcuffed whilst appearing.
Adam is the lead singer.
Who are booked to perform.
The lead singer band The Dirty Pinks.
Looking. 
The two do not get along and end up arguing  while doing so attracting the attention.
Who decides to teach them both a lesson.
He handcuffs the two together and disposes  leaving.
The two stuck together until the handcuffs can be removed.
This also means.
The two must perform together  an arrangement that both are unhappy.
But they both see.
They have more in common.
Morello begins to wonder.
Whether she is truly happy.
<EOS>
Govindaiah  a pleader gumasta wants Raja to marry Chitti.
She  however  loves an endearing bodybuilder.
Whom  she rightfully belongs.
Govindaiah makes Raja s marriage.
Raja rejects the deal and   sets out to find a groom for Ammadu.
He meets Zamindar Veeyanna  a complex character of declining fortunes and generous spirit.
Who   also serves as a representative of the state.
Raju and Veeyanna s daughter Savitri fall is quickly arranged.
Veeyanna also finds a groom  Ramana.
Ramana s father Venkatapathy is a puranam-reciting scrooge.
Who demands a large dowry  which Veeyanna promises to pay.
Govindaiah meanwhile plots his own revenge  inciting Venkatapathy to insist on the dowry being paid before the marriage.
The narrative is ` staged.
Follows. 
Ramana pretends to give in to cal the wedding off  but starts living with Ammadu and   feigns mental illness.
When his father arrives.
Ammadu and Raja disguise themselves.
Ammadu endears to Venkatapathy.
The groom ` recovers  gives birth to their son  causing a fresh round of gossip in the village and providing the original villain Govindaiah with yet another opportunity to make trouble.
The crisis is resolved.
The uncaring parents relent.
Couples are reunited.
<EOS>
The villages have been longtime rivals despite the fact.
Many are related to each other.
Upper-Charmoussey enjoys the luxuries and thus a better economy than its sister village.
Charmoussey is relatively poor.
The rivalry is also stressed.
Where the better trained and dressed girls always win the contest.
The local government has decided to merge Charmoussey  this leaves the inhabitants of Charmoussey desperate.
The size is very small.
It is their last chance to win the beauty contest.
They call the only person  Franck a second rate actor.
Order to achieve that.
Who has had any success.
Who has been engaged mostly and is currently down on his luck after causing an accident that resulted in breaking the leg of actress Catherine Deneuve.
It is revealed.
He left the village because he was regarded as strange and because his father was an eccentric scientist who died.
He feels uneasy but also recognizes  so he uses his limited showbiz knowledge to train the local girls.
He can not afford not to.
Meanwhile the inhabitants have learned from the local postman.
Franck has been engaged and start a counter espionage campaign of their own.
<EOS>
Luis  43  happily single  mollycoddled  has a successful career as a perfumer and an easy life.
Tired  the G7 decide.
He should get married.
The problem is Luis.
Does not want any kind since they ruined his first true love.
He gets an idea  rent his best friend s sister  Emma  turn her into the perfect bride-to-be  and make her not show up on their wedding day.
That way  Luis thinks.
His family will leave him alone.
His family likes Emma and blames him.
When she apparently jilts him.
He then comes up to have Emma act horribly towards his family.
They will not like her any more.
The two begin to fall.
Luis finally stands up  confesses his schemes and finally settles down with Emma.
<EOS>
Evtim and Pesho  two young men  decided to leave their native village and move.
They bring big stuff from the home household goods but also their good intentions and uncertainty.
Both carry some remorses too.
Evtim because of leaving the home with not a notice to his parents.
Standing  amid a heap of luggage  they turned to be a colorful view as hitch-hikers to the passing vehicles.
But so  the two friends have an opportunity to meet the variety.
They see generous sympathy but also the selfishness  they see the exciting waves but also the repulsive duplicity.
This meetings   form their realization about the substantial milestones in the path of life.
<EOS>
The film opens.
Wealthy expatriate and Egyptian residents give way   to new families  and as the rooftop storage rooms are converted into living space for lower-class families.
The rooftop community  effectively a slum neighborhood  is symbolic in recent decades  especially among the poor and working classes.
<EOS>
